1928

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

Passed in

The Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the

Reign of His Majesty

King George the Fifth

Being the Fourth Session of the Thirty-fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of

Great Britain and Northern Ireland

And the

Church Assembly

Measures

Which received the Royal Assent during that Session

with

Tables of the Titles

The Effect of Legislation

and an Index

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited,

FOR WILLIAM RICHARD CODLING, Esq., C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E.,

THE KING'S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.

---

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addres*eBI

Ad astral House, Kingsway, London, W.C.a; 120, George Street, Edinburgh;

York Street, Manchester; x, St. Andrew’s Crescent, Cardiff;

13, Donegal! Square West, Belfast;

or through any Bookseller.

Pries 6s. 6 d. Nst.

CONTENTS.

Table.

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts

PASSED DURING THE SESSION -

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Measures- passed by

the National Assembly of the Church of

England which received the Royal Assent

during the Session.

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

III. The Effect of Legislation -

Page.

i

XXV

IV. Index to Acts and Measures

xxxv

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL

ACTS

Passed in the Fourth Session of the Thirty-Fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland.

(February 7 —August 3, 1928.)

18 & 19 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1928.

18 GEORGE 5.

Royal Assent, 28th March, 1928.

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund

to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day

of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight and one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine. (Consolidated

Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act for the protection of the Lapwing. (Protection of Lapwings.)

3. An Act to make such amendments of the Patents and

Designs Acts, 1907 and 1919, as are necessary to enable

effect to be given to a Convention for the Protection of

Industrial Property. (Patents and Desig?is (Convention).)

4. An Act to amend section twenty-two of the Industrial and

Provident Societies Act, 1893. (Industrial and Provident

Societies (Amendment).).

5. An Act to make provision for the Government of the Colony

of British Guiana. (British Guiana.)

6. An Act to amend the Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926, with

respect to the ascertainment of the amount of the additional annual grant for Scotland under the Agricultural

Rates Act, 1923, and the payments to rating authorities

in respect of that grant and in certain other respects.

(Rating (Scotland) Amendment.)

a 2

d Table of the Statutes. 18 & 19 Geo. S.

Royal Assent, 26th April, 1928.

7. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline

and Regulation of the Army arid-Air Force. (Army and

Air Force (Annual).)

18 & 19 GEORGE 5.

Royal Assent, 10th May, .1928.

8. An Act to extend to the administrative County of London

the provisions of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1926,

with respect to the valuation of hereditaments containing

machinery and plant, to make temporary provision with

respect to the deductions to be made in ascertaining

rateable value, to amend sections eleven and thirty-seven

and the Fourth and Fifth Schedules of the said Act,

and to provide for obtaining decisions on points of law

with a view to securing uniformity in valuation. (Rating

and Valuation.)

9. An Act to extend further the duration of the Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923, and to amend temporarily the provisions as to the Metropolitan Common

Poor Fund. (Local Authorities (Emergency Provisions).)

Royal Assent, 2nd July, 1928.

10 . An Act to amend section eleven of the Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 192Q, and paragraph (d) of subsection (1)

of section four of the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1925. (Teachers (Superannuation).)

11 . An Act to provide for the collection of a contribution by

cotton spinners in Great Britain to the funds of the

Empire Cotton Growing Corporation; and for other

matters relating to the cotton industry. (Cotton Industry.)

13. An Act to assimilate the franchises for men and women in

respect of parliamentary and.local government elections;

and for purposes consequential thereon. (Representation

of the People (Equal Franchise).)

13 . An Act to amend the law relating to the issue of bank notes

by the Bank of England and by banks in Scotland and

Northern Ireland, and to provide for the transfer to the

Bank of England of the currency notes issue and of the

assets appropriated for the redemption thereof, and to

make certain provisions with- respect to gold reserves and

otherwise in connection with the matters aforesaid and

to prevent the defacement of bank notes. (Currency and

Bank Notes.)

A.D. 1928. Public General Acts. e

14. An Act to amend the National Health Insurance Act, 1924,

and other enactments relating to health insurance.

(National Health Insurance.)

An Act to reduce and re-apportion the aggregate amount of the fiduciary bank-note issues of banks in Northern

Ireland, and to restrict the circulation in Northern

Ireland of ndtes issued outside the United Kingdom,

and otherwise to amend the Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845,

-in its application to Northern Ireland. (Bankers (Northern

Ireland).)

Royal Assent, 3rd August, 1928.

16. An Act to settle and secure an annuity upon the Right

Honourable John Henry Whitley in consideration of his

eminent services. (Mr. Speaker’s Retirement.)

17. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland

Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and

to amend the law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue

(including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make

further provision in connection with finance. (Finance.)

18. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the

service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, and to

appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of

Parliament. (Appropriation .)

19. An Act to provide for the grading and marking of agricultural

produce and for purposes connected with the matters

aforesaid. (Agricultural Produce (Grading and Marking).)

20. An Act to amend the enactments relating to petroleum and

to petroleum-spirit. (Petroleum (Amendment).)

21. An Act to amend the Dogs Act, 1906. (Dogs (Amendment).)

22. An Act to amend the law relating to solicitors. (Solicitors.)

23. An Act to approve an Agreement concluded between His Majesty and the Sultan of the State and Territory of Johore. (Straits Settlements and Johore Territorial Waters

(Agreement).)

24. An Act to make miscellaneous amendments in the law

applicable to Northern Ireland. (Northern Ireland

(Miscellaneous Provisions).)

25. An Act to make provision with respect to the representation

of the University of Reading in Parliament. (Representation of the People (Reading University).)

/ Table of the Statutes. 18 & .19 Geo. 5.

26. An Act to amend the provisions of the Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, relating to probate

registrars and registries, and certain other matters, and

to amend the law with respect to the constitution of the

Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and otherwise

with respect bo the administration of justice and matters

connected therewith. (Administration of Justice.)

27. An Act to prohibit the use of young persons in the conveyance

or delivery of messages or information relating to betting;

and for purposes connected therewith. (Betting (Juvenile

Messengers) (Scotland).)

28. An Act to amend paragraph (b) of section eleven of the

Education (Scotland) Act, 1883. (Education (Scotland).)

29. An Act to provide for the humane slaughter of animals in

Scotland. (Slaughter of Animals (Scotland).)

30. An Act to make further provision for the reorganisation of

educational and other endowments in Scotland. (Educational Endowments (Scotland)s)

31. An fAct to consolidate the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts.

(i Food and Drugs (Adulteration).)

32. An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to petroleum

and to petroleum-spirit. (Petroleum (Consolidation).)

33. An Act to amend the law relating to the closing of Bhops;

and for purposes connected therewith. (Shops (Hours of

Closing).)

34. An Act to provide for the transference of the respective

powers and duties of the Scottish Board of Health, the

Board of Agriculture for Scotland, and the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, to Departments of Health and

Agriculture and a Prisons Department for Scotland, and

to make further provision with regard to the office of

Chairman of the Fishery Board for Scotland and other

offices in Scotland, and with regard to the Publip Registers,

Records and Rolls of Scotland. (Re-organisation of Offices

(Scotland).)

35. An Act to regulate the date of Easter Day and days or other

periods and occasions depending thereon. (Easter.)

36. An Act to make provision for winding up the Naval Prize

Fund and the dissolution of the tribunal established under

the Naval Prize Act, 1918. (Naval Prize.)

37. An Act to provide for raising further money for the development of the postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems.

(Post Office and Telegraph (Money).)

A.D.. 1928. 'Public.General Acts. g

38. An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs in the

Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

39. An Act to amend the Rag Flock Act, 1911. (Rag Flock Act

(1911) Amendment.)

40. An Act to make provision for a line-throwing appliance on

certain ships. (Merchant Shipping (Line-throwing Appliance).)

l

41. An Act to amend the Betting Act, 1853, to legalise the use of

totalisators on certain racecourses, and to make further

provision with regard to betting thereon. (Racecourse

Betting.)

42. An Act to amend the law with respect to offences against

persons under the age of sixteen. (Criminal Law Amendment.)

43. An Act to secure, by means of the formation of a company

and the assistance thereof out of public funds, the making

of loans for agricultural purposes on favourable terms,

and to facilitate the borrowing of money on the security

of farming stock and other agricultural assets, 'and for

purposes connected therewith. (Agricultural Credits.)

44. An Act to make provision, with a view to the grant of relief

from rates in respect of certain classes of hereditaments,

for the distinction in valuation lists of the classes of

hereditaments to be affected, and the apportionment in

valuation lists of the net annual values of such hereditaments according to the extent of the user thereof for

various purposes. (Ratingand Valuation (Apportionment).)

45. An Act to amend the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1917, and for

purposes connected therewith. (Companies.)

46. An Act to amend the Theatrical Employers Registration Act 1925. (Theatrical Employers Registration (Amendment).)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[18 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending

on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand

nine hundred and twenty-seven, one thousand

nine hundred and twenty-eight and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine.

[28th March 1928.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session

of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty

the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most

humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted,

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as

follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven and one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight, the sum of

one million five hundred and seventy-five thousand and

eleven pounds fifteen shillings and one penny.

A

Issue of

1, 575, 0111.

15s. Id.

out of the

Consolidated

Fund for the

service of the

years ending

31st March,

1927 and

1928.

2

Ch. 1.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1)

Act, 1928;

18 Geo. 5.

Issue of

163, 962, 700?.

out of the

Consolidated

Fund for the

service of the

year ending

31st March

1929.

Power for

the Treasury

to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

o. 2.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, the sum of

one hundred and sixty-three milli on nine hundred and

sixty-two thousand and seven hundred pounds.

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and

sixty-five million five hundred and thirty-seven thousand

seven hundred and eleven pounds fifteen shillings and

one penny.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and twenty-nine, and section six of the Treasury Bills

Act, 1877 (which relates to the rehewal of bills), shall

not apply with respect to those Bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding

five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing

produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which

the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1928.

Short title.

1928.

Protection of Lapwings

Act, 1928.

Ch. 2.

3

CHAPTER 2.

An Act for the protection of the Lapwing.

[28th March 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall not be lawful for any person— Protection

(a) during any time between the first day of of la P win g 3 -

March and the thirty-first day of August to

sell any lapwing for human consumption, or

to have any lapwing in his possession for the

purpose of sale for human consumption; o£

(6) to sell for human consumption, or to have in

his possession for the purpose of sale for

human consumption, any egg of the lapwing.

(2) So much of section three of the Wild Birds 43 & 44 Vict.

Protection Act, 1880, as relates to exposing or offering 35.

for sale or having in control or possession wild birds

recently killed or taken shall, as respects lapwings, cease

to have effect.

(3) In this Act the expression "lapwing " means

the bird commonly called the lapwing, green plover,

peesweep or peewit.

2. A person guilty of any offence against this Act Penalties,

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding five pounds.

3. This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland. Application.

4. This Act may be cited as the Protection of Short title.

Lapwings Act, 1928.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 29.

9&10 Geo.5.

c. 80.

Amendments of

ss. 7, 8 and

11 of the

principal

Act.

Ch. 3. Patents and Designs 18 Geo. 5.

(Convention) Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to make such amendments of the Patents

and Designs Acts, 1907 and 1919, as are necessary

to enable effect to be given to a Convention

for the Protection of Industrial Property.

[28th March 1928.]

WHEREAS a revised convention for the protection

of industrial property was signed on behalf of

His Majesty at The Hague on the sixth day of November,

nineteen hundred and twenty-five:

And whereas it is expedient to make such amendments in the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, as amended

by the Patents and Designs Act, 1919 (which Act as -so

amended is hereinafter referred to as the principal Act),

as may he necessary to enable effect to be given to the

said revised convention:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, For the purpose of substituting references to the

date which a patent would bear, if granted, for references

to the date of application for a patent, the following

amendments in the principal Act shall be made :—

(1) In subsection (1) of section seven, for the words

" published before the date of the application "

there shall be substituted the words "published

before the date which the patent applied for

would bear if granted, " and for the words

" next before the date of the application, " there

shall be substituted the words "next before

such date ":

(2) In subsection (1) of section eight, for the words

" on or after the date of the application and

" deposited pursuant to a prior application "

there shall be substituted the words "on or

1928.

Patents and Designs

(' Convention) Act, 1928.

Ch. 3.

5

" after the date which the patent applied for

would hear if granted and deposited pursuant

" to an application for a patent which if granted

" would be of prior date to the date which the

" patent applied for would bear if granted, "

and subsection (3) of the same section shall be

omitted:

(3) In paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section

eleven, after the words "the invention has "

there shall be inserted the words "prior to the

date which the patent applied for would bear

if granted, " and for the words "before the date

" of the application for the patent the grant of

* which is being opposed " there shall be substituted the words "before such date, " and for

the words "prior to the application " there shall

be substituted the words "before such date ":

(4) In paragraph (bb) of subsection (1) of section

eleven, for the words "the date of the applica-

" tion for a patent the grant of which is

" opposed " there shall be substituted the words

" the date which the patent applied for would

bear if granted ":

(5) In paragraphs (d) and (e) of subsection (1) of

section eleven, after the word "opponent " in

both places where it occurs there shall be

inserted the words "for a patent which if

granted would bear a date."

2. The following amendments shall be made in

section twenty-seven of the principal Act:—

(1) In subsection (1), after the words "at any

time, " there shall be inserted the words "after

" the expiration of three years from the date of

" the grant of a patent, " and for the words "any

patent " there shall be substituted the words

" that patent ":

(2) In paragraph (a) of subsection (2) the words

" at any time after the expiration of four years

from the date of the patent " shall be omitted,

and for the words "the date of the patent "

there shall be substituted the words "the grant

of the patent."

Amendments of

s. 27 of the

principal

Act.

6

Ch. 3.

Patents and Designs

(Convention) Act, 1928.

18 Geo. 5.

Special pro- 3. For section forty-eight of the principal Act, the

visions as to following section shall be substituted :—

aircraft "48. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this

and land section, the rights of a patentee shall not be

vehicles. deemed to be infringed—

(a) by the use on board a foreign vessel of the patented invention in the body of the vessel or in the machinery, tackle

apparatus or other accessories thereof,

if the vessel comes into the territorial

jurisdiction waters of the United Kingdom

temporarily or accidentally only, and

the invention is used exclusively for the

actual needs of the vessel:

(6) by the use of the patented invention in the

construction or working of a foreign aircraft or land vehicle or of the accessories

thereof if the aircraft or vehicle comes

into the United Kingdom temporarily

or accidentally only.

(2) This section shall ajyply only to vessels,

aircraft, and land vehicles of a foreign state with

respect to which His Majesty by Order in Council

declares that the laws thereof confer corresponding

rights with respect to the use of inventions in

vessels, aircraft and land vehicles of the United

Kin gdom when coming into the foreign state or

the territorial waters thereof.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

Vessels and aircraft shall be deemed to

be vessels and aircraft of the country in

which they are registered, and land vehicles

shall be deemed to be vehicles of the

country within which the owners are

ordinarily resident: ,

The Isle of Man shall be deemed to be

part of the United Kingdom.

(4) His Majesty may by Order in Council

apply this section to vessels, aircraft and land

vehicles of a part of His Majesty’s dominions

outside the United Kingdom in like manner as to

vessels, aircraft and land vehicles of a foreign

state."

1928.

Patents and Designs

(Convention) Act, 1928.

Ch. 3, 4.

2

4. In proviso (a) to subsection (1) of section ninety- Amendment

one of the principal Act, for the words "within four of s. 91 of

months " there shall be substituted the words "within P^ cipal

§ix months."

5. — (l) This Act may be cited as the Patents and Short title.

Designs (Convention) Act, 1928, and the Patents and construction

"Designs Acts, 1907 and 1919, the Patents and Designs jj 1 print-

Act, 1914, and this Act may be cited together as the

Patents and Designs Acts, 1907 to 1928.

(2) This Act shall apply to patents granted and

applications for and specifications relating to patents

made and deposited before as well as after the passing of this Act.

(3) Where by this Act any enactments or words are

directed to be added to or omitted from the principal.

Act, or to be substituted for any other enactments or

Words in the principal Act, copies of the principal ^Act

printed under the authority of His Majesty’s Stationery

Office after such direction takes effect may be printed

with the enactments or words added or omitted or substituted for other enactments or words, as such direction

requires, and the principal Act shall be construed as if

it had at the time at which such direction takes effect

been made with such addition, omission or substitution.

(4) A reference in any Act of Parliament or other

instrument to the principal Act shall, unless the context

otherwise requires, be construed to refer to the principal

Act as amended by this Act.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to amend section twenty-two of the

Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893.

[28th March 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Amendment

of 66 & 67

Vict. c. 39.

s. 22 .

Short title,

construction, and

extent.

Power to

create new

legislature

for British

Guiana.

Ch. 4, 5. Industrial and Provident 18 Geo. 5.

Societies (Amendment) Act, 1928.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Notwithstanding anything in section twenty-two

of the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893%

a member of a society registered under that Act shall

not, without his consent in writing having been first

obtained, be bound by any amendment of rules registered after he became a member and after the passing

of this Act, if and so far as such amendment requires

him to take or subscribe for more shares than the

number held by him at the date of registration of the

amendment, or to pay upon the shares so held any

sum exceeding the amount unpaid upon them at that

date, or in any other way increases the liability of the

member to contribute to the share or loan capital of the society.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Industrial

and Provident Societies (Amendment) Act, 1928, and

shall be construed as one with the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1913, and those Acts and

this Act may be cited together as// the Industrial and '

Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1928.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to make provision for the Government of the Colony of British Guiana.

[28th March 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council

to create and constitute, in substitution for the existing

legislature, a legislature for the Colony of British Guiana

in such form and with such powers as His Majesty in

1928.

British Guiana Act, 1928.

Ch. 5, 6.

9

Council may determine, and from time to time to alter

and #mend the constitution of the legislature and any

powers thereof; and any such Order in Council may

provide that, notwithstanding the powers conferred on

the legislature thereby, there shall be reserved to or

conferred on His Majesty full power by Order in Council

from time to time to make" laws for the peace, order,

and good government of the Colony of British Guiana.

C *

(2) Before any such Order in Council creating and

constituting such legislature or altering the constitution

or powers thereof is made, a draft thereof shall be laid

before each House of Parliament for a period of not

less than twenty-one days on which that House has sat,

and if either House of Parliament before the expiration

of that period presents an address to His Majesty against

the Order or any part thereof, no further proceedings

shall be taken on the draft, without prejudice to the

making of a new draft Order.

2. This Act may be cited as the British Guiana

Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926,

with respect to the ascertainment of the amount

of the additional annual grant for Scotland

under the Agricultural Rates Act, 1923, and

the payments to rating authorities in respect

of that grant and in certain other respects.

[28th March 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same

as follows:— ’

1. Section thirteen of the Rating (Scotland) Act,

1926 (which contains provisions as to the agricultural

rates grant) shall have effect and be deemed always to

Short title.

Amendment

of s. 13 of

16 & 17 Geo.

5. c. 47.

10

Ch. 6, 7.

Amendment

of s. 29 of

16 & 17 Geo.

5. c. 47.

Short title

and extent.

Eating (Scotland) Amendment 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

have had effect as if the following subsection .were

substituted for subsection (3):—

" (3) Except as otherwise provided in this

section, nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of section ten.of the Act of 1923 relating to

the ascertainment of the amount of the additional

. annual grant for Scotland under that Act, and the

amount payable to rating authorities in respect of

that grant."

2. Subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the

Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926 (which relates to interpretation) shall have effect as if the following words in the

definition of " rateable value " were omitted " except

" that in the case of lands and heritages with respect

" to which there is total exemption from all rates the

" rateable value shall be treated as nil."

o 3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Rating (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1928, and the Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926, and this Act may be cited together as the

Rating (Scotland) Acts, 1926 and 1928.

(2) This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the

Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air

Force.

[26th April 1928.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army

within the United Kingdom in "time of peace,

unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against

law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty

and this present Parliament that a body of land forces

should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom

and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s

Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should

1928.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1928.

Ch. 7.

11

consist of one hundred and fifty-three thousand five

hundred, including those to be employed at the depots in

the United Kin gdom for the training of recruits for service

•at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers

actually serving within His Majesty’s Indian possessions:

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 7 & 8 Geo. 5.

1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the °- 51.

air force, and it is judged necessary that the whole

number of such force should consist of thirty-two thousand

five hundred, including those employed as aforesaid, but

exclusive of the numbers serving as aforesaid, and the

provisions of the Air Force Act are due to expire at the

same dates as the provisions of the Army Act:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the

safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the

possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine

forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and

naval service, under the direction of the Lord fiigh

Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners

for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently

be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on

board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels,

or other slnps or vessels, or they may be under other

circumstances in which they will not be subject to the

laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s forces

by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or

limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of

punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any

other manner than by the judgment of his peers and

according to the known and established laws of this

realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the

retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other

persons subject to military law or to the Air Force

Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed

and that persons belonging to the said forces who

mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service,

or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of

good order and military or air force discipline, be brought

to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the

usual forms of the law will allow:

12

Short title.

Army Act

and Air

Force Act

to be in

force for

specified

times.

Ch. 7. Army and Air Force (Annual) 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act

will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and

twenty-eight on the following days

(a) In Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel Islands,

and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of

April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions, on the thirty-first day of

July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act, 1928.

c2. —(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall

be And remain in force during the periods hereinafter

mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by

Parliament (that is to say) :—

(a) Within Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel

Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth

day of April, one thousand nine hundred and

twenty-eight, to the thirtieth day of April, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, both

inclusive; and

(6) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day

of July, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-

eight, to the thirty-first day of July, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, both

inclusive.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in

force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to

the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within or

without His Majesty’s dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air

Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or Air Force Act by reason only that the

number of the forces for the time being in the service of

His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either

greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

1928. Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 7.

Act, 1928.

S. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling Prices in

house for the accommodation provided by him in ^pect o f

pursuance of the Army Act or the Air Force Act the Duieuug -

prices specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

Amendments oe Army Act applicable also to

the Air Force Act.

4. For the purpose of abolis hin g death as a penalty Abolition of

for certain offences committed on active service the de t

following amendments shall be made in the Army g^ain m

Act:— cases.

(1) In subsection (1) of section six, paragraphs (a),

(c), (d) and (g) shall be omitted and for

paragraph (k) there shall be substituted the

following paragraph:—

" (h) Being a soldier acting as sentinel

leaves his post before he is regularly relieved, "

(2) In section six, after subsection (1), the following

new subsection shall be inserted:—

" (2) Every person subject to military law

who commits any of the following offences;

that is to say,

(a) Leaves his commanding officer to go

- in search of plunder; or

(b) Forces a safeguard; or

(c) Forces or strikes a sentinel; or

(d) Breaks into any house or other

place in search of plunder; or

(e) Being a soldier acting as sentinel

sleeps or is drunk on his post,

shall, on conviction by court-martial,

if he commits any such offence on active

service, be liable to suffer penal servitude, or

such less punishment as is in this Act

mentioned; and

if he commits any such offence not on

active service, be liable, if an officer, to be

cashiered, or to suffer such less punishment

as is in this Act mentioned, and if a soldier,

to suffer imprisonment, or such less punishment as is in this Act mentioned."

14

Ch. 7.

Amendment

of s. 115 of the Army

Act.

Amendment

of s. 177 of the Army

Act.

Substitution of

" brigadier"

for " colonel

commandant."

Army and Air Force (Annual) 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

and the existing subsection numbered (2) shall

be re-numbered (3).

(3) In subsection (1) of section eight the words "if

" he commits such offence on active service,

" be liable to suffer death, or such less punish-

" ment as is in this Act mentioned, and if he

" commits such offence not on active service "

shall be omitted.

(4) In subsection (1) of section nine the words "if

" he commits such offence on active service, be

" liable to suffer death, or such less punish-

" ment as is in this Act mentioned, and if he

" commits such offence not on active service "

shall be omitted.

5. —(1) In subsection (10) of section one hundred and

fifteen of the Army Act (which relates to the sale and

purchase of horses and carriages in cases of emergency)

afters the words "during such period " there shall be

inserted the words "and to such extent ", and after

the words "sale and purchase of horses or carriages "

there shall be inserted the words or the sale and

" purchase of horses or carriages of any class or

" description so specified".

(2) At the end of the said section the following

new subsection shall be inserted:—

" (11) The power conferred by this section to

issue a requisition of emergency shall include

power to issue a requisition of emergency revoking,

amending or varying a requisition of emergency

previously issued."

6. In section one hundred and seventy-seven of the Army Act (which relates to the application of the

Ar my Act to Indian and colonial forces) for the words

" the general officer or colonel commandant commanding

His Majesty’s forces " there shall be substituted the

words " the officer, whether military or air force, not

" below the rank of colonel or group captain, com-

" manding His Majesty’s forces."

7. —(1) In the enactments mentioned in the Second

Schedule to this Act, the word "brigadier " shall be

substituted for the words "colonel commandant "

wherever those words occur.

1928.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1928. '

Ch. 7.

15

(2) Paragraph (3 a) of section one hundred and ninety

of the Army Act is hereby repealed.

(3) This section shall come into operation both in

Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel Islands and the

Isle of Man, and elsewhere? on the first day of June

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

I '

8. In the enactments mentioned in the Third

Schedule to this Act, the words "not holding an honorary

commission, " " not having an honorary commission, "

" not holding honorary commissions, " and " Warrant

and other " shall be repealed wherever they occur.

9. References in this Part of this Act to the Army

Act shall be deemed to include references to the Air

Force Act, and the provisions of this Part of this Act

shall in their application to the Air Force Act have

effect subject to any of the general modifications set

out in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Air Force

(Constitution) Act, 1917, which apply and subject to

the following modifications; that is to say :—

(a) the paragraphs of subsection (1) of section six to

be omitted shall be those lettered (c) (d) (g)

and (l);

(b) in the new subsection to be inserted in section

six, for paragraph (a) the following paragraph

shall be substituted,

" (a) without due authority alters or interferes with any air signal; or "

(c) in the amendment of section one hundred and

fifteen, for the references to ct horses or carriages "

there shall be substituted references to " horses

or carriages or aircraft ";

(d) in the amendment of section one hundred and

seventy-seven, for the reference to " the general

officer or colonel commandant commanding

His Majesty’s forces, " there shall be substituted

a reference to " the air officer commanding

the part of His Majesty’s air force."

Repeal of

references to

warrant

officers

holding

honorary

commissions.

Application

to Air

Force.

16

Ch. 7.

Section 3.

Section 7.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1928.

18 Geo. 5.

SCHPULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and ' attendance for soldier Tenpence per night

where meals furnished. for the first soldier

and eightpence per

night for each ad-

... ditional soldier. ■

_ Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the SeVenpence each.

Second Schedule to the Army Act.

Dinner as so specified .... Tenpence.

Supper as so specified, - -, t -_ . - Fourpence.

Where no meals furnished, .lodging and Tenpence per -night

attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt, for the first soldier

and the use of fire, and the necessary and eightpence per

utensils for dressing and eating his’ night for each ad-

meat. - , jj ditional soldier. •

Stable room and ten pounds of oats, Two shillings ’and

twelve pounds of hay, and eight fivepence per day.

pounds of straw per day "for each

horse.

Stable room without forage ... Sixpence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - - Three shillings per

night.

Note.—A n officer shall pay for his food.

In the application of this Schedule to the Air Force references

to the Air Force Act and airmen shall be substituted for

references to the Army Act and soldier.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Army Act.

Sections 43, 46 (1), 47 (1) and (5), 57a (9), 73 (3), 74 (1),

183 (2), 189 (2), (3), (4) and (6).

Axb Force Act.

Section 189 (6).

1928. Army and Air-Force (Annual) Ch. 7, 8.

Act, 192.8.

THIRD SCHEDULE. v Section 8.

Army Act.

• Sections 83>(6), 145 (2), 180 (2) (/) (p), 182, 190 (4), (5),

(6), (7). ' . "

Am Force Act.

Sections 145 (2), 182, 190 (4), (5), (6), (7).

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to extend to the administrative County of

London the provisions of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, with respect to the valuation of

hereditaments containing machinery and plajit,

to make temporary provision with respect to

the deductions to be made in ascertaining rateable value, to amend sections eleven and thirty-

seven and the Fourth and Fifth Schedules

of the said Act, and to provide for obtaining

decisions on points of law with a view to

securing uniformity in valuation.

[10th May 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— n

1 .—(1)Section twenty-four of the Rating and Valu- Application

ation Act, 1925 (in this Act referred to as " the principal of s. 24 of

Act "), which provides for the valuation of hereditaments P rinci P a l

containing machinery and plant, and any order .made London

by the Minister of Health thereunder shall apply for the 15 & iq

purpose of the making or revision of valuation lists Geo. 5. c. 90.

under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, as they apply 32 & 33 Vict,

for the purpose of the making or revision of valuation c - 67 '

lists under the principal Act.

(2) If and so far as, regard being had to the extent,

if any, to which in the making of any valuation list in

B

18

Amendment

as to ascertainment of

rateable

value.

Ch. 8. Bating and Valuation, 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

force at the commencement of this Act account was taken

of any plant or machinery in or on any hereditament,

the application of the said section and order affects the

value of that hereditament as appearing in the valuation

list, effect shall be given to such alteration in value in

the supplemental list which is to come into operation on

the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine,

’ or if the authority concerned think fit, in a provisional

list made before the said date:

Provided that any such provisional list shall, for the

purpose of giving effect to any such alteration, have

operation from that date only (and not from any earlier

date on which a copy of the list is served on the occupier

of the hereditament), but for the purposes of paragraph (1) of section forty-six of<« the Act of 1869

alterations shown in any such provisional list shall be

deemed to have taken place during the twelve months

preceding the said sixth day of April.

2.—(1) The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, shall,

for the purposes of the making of the valuation lists

thereunder which will come into force on the sixth day

of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, and for the

purposes of the revision and alteration of those lists

(but not for the purposes of the making of any subsequent

new valuation lists), have effect as if for the provisions

in the Third Schedule to that Act relating to the classes

of hereditaments numbered 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the said

schedule there were substituted the provisions contained

in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that, if in the case of any hereditament

being or forming part of a house or building let out in

separate tenements the rateable value which would be

produced in accordance with this subsection exceeds

the rateable value which would have been produced

under the provisions of the said Act of 1869, the rateable

value of the hereditament shall be determined in

accordance with such last mentioned provisions.

(2) For the purpose of the making revision and

alteration of the valuation lists aforesaid and of any

subsequent valuation lists to be made under the

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, where the amount of the rateable value as ascertained in accordance with the

provisions of that Act as amended by any Act for the

time being in force includes a fraction of a pound, the

1928..

Bating and Valuation Ch. 8. 19

• .Act, 1928.

amount of the rateable value shall be increased or

reduced, as the case maybe, to the nearest complete

pound, or, - if the fraction is ten shillings, the fraction

shall be disregarded. .

(3) The principal Act shall, for the purposes of the

making of the first new valuation fists thereunder* and

of the revision and amendment of those fists (but hot

for the purposes of the making-of any subsequent new

valuation fists), have effect and be deemed always to

have had effect as if for the provisions in Part I of the Second Schedule to that Act relating, .to the classes

of hereditaments numbered 1 and 2 in the said Schedule

there were substituted the provisions contained in

Part II of the First Schedule to this Act.

(4) If the first new valuation fist under the principal

Act for any rating area has been finally approved before

the passing of this Act, the rating authority shall forthwith make such amendments in the rateable values

of hereditaments contained therein as are necessary to

give effect to the provisions of the last preceding

subsection, and such amendments in any rate already

made as are necessary to make it conform with the

valuation list as amended, and all such last-mentioned

amendments shall have effect as if they had been contained in the rate as originally made.

3.—(1) Section eleven of the principal Act (which. Amendment

relates to the rating of and the collection of rates by of. 8 - 11 o f

owners) shall for the purposes of any rate made for a

rating area in respect of a period during which the

first new valuation list made under the said Act

for that area is in force have effect and be deemed

always to have had effect as if it provided that the

. allowance to be made to owners rated under subsection

(1) thereof shall be at the rate of ten per cent, of the

amount payable, or such greater percentage, not exceeding fifteen per cent., of that amount as the rating authority

may by resolution of general application determine.

(2) Subsection (10) of the said section eleven so far as

it enables rating authorities to continue in force provisions

contained in any local Acts with respect to the rating of

owners instead of occupiers shall be deemed to confer

such powers and to have such effect as are mentioned in

the Second Schedule to this Act.

20 Ch. 8. Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

4. —(1) Where a rating authority, in accordance

with the provisions of section* five of the principal Act,

upon a change taking place in the occupation of a

hereditament, correct in any rate the name of the occupier

of that hereditament without altering the rateable value

thereof appearing in the rate, then, notwithstanding

anything in section thirty-seven of the principal Act,

it shall not be necessary for them to make a proposal

for the purpose of any corresponding alteration to be

made in the valuation list.

(2) Where, the owner of a hereditament by means

of an objection, proposal or notice of appeal to quarter

sessions, seeks to obtain a reduction in the rateable

value of that hereditament, then, notwithstanding

anything in section thirty-seven "or the Fourth or

Fifth Schedule to the principal Act, it shall not be

necessary for the assessment committee, rating authority

or owner, as the case may be, to serve upon the occupier

of the hereditament a copy of such objection, proposal

or notice, or to give to him any notice of the date upon

which such objection or proposal/is to be considered,

or of the committee’s decision thereon or of the alteration

(if any) made in the valuation list.

(3) Paragraph 3 of Part I of the Fourth Schedule

to the principal Act shall have effect as if the

following words were omitted therefrom, that is to

say, the words "or where the gross or net annual or

" rateable value assigned in the draft list to some

" hereditament exceeds the value as stated in the

" valuation list for the time being in force, or where

" there is no such valuation list as stated in the then

" last assessment to the poor rate."

(4) In paragraph 6 of Part III of the Fourth

Schedule to the principal Act for the words "who is a

party to" there shall be substituted "the words "who

appeared before the committee on the consideration of."

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Rating and

Valuation Act, 1928, and the principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Rating and Valuation

Acts, 1925 and 1928.

(2) This Act, except so far as it relates to London,

shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

Short title

and construction.

Minor

amendments of

principal

Act.

1928.

Rating and Valuation

Ad, 1928,

Ch. 8.

21

SCHEDULES.-

i •

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 2.

Part I.

Class of Hereditaments. Maximum amount of Deduction.

Class 1—Houses and build- An amount equal to two-fifths

ings without land other than, of the gross value,

gardens where the gross value

does not exceed £15.

Class 2—Houses and build- £6 together with an amount

ings without land other than equal to three-tenths of the

gardens where the gross value amount by which the gross

exceeds £15 but does not ex- value exceeds £15.

ceed £20.

Class 3—Houses and buildings £7 together with an amount

without land other than gar- equal to one-quarter of the

dens where the gross value amount by which the gross

exceeds £20 but does not value exceeds £20.

exceed £40.

Class 4—Houses and buildings £12 together with an amount

without land other than gar- equal to one-fifth of the

dens where the gross value amount by which the gross

exceeds £40 but does not value exceeds £40.

exceed £100.

Class 5—Houses and buildings £24, or £20 together with an

without land other than gar- amount equal to one-sixth of

dens where the gross value the amount by which the

exceeds £100. gross value exceeds £100,

whichever is the greater.

Part II.

Class of Hereditaments. Amount of Deduction.

1. Houses and buildings without An amount equal to 40 per

land other than gardens cent, of the gross value,

where the gross value does not

exceed £15.

2. Houses and buildings without £6 together with an amount

land other than gardens equal to 30 per cent, of the

where the gross value exceeds amount by which the gross

£15 but does not exceed £20. value exceeds £15.

22

Ch. 8.

Eating and Valuation

Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section 3. ' POWERS OE HATING AUTHORITIES TO CONTINUE IN FORCE

Provisions contained in' Local Acts with

RESPECT TO THE RATING OP OWNERS INSTEAD

op Occupiers.

(1) If on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, in any rating area the provisions which regulated

the allowances to be made in the case' of a rate as hereinafter

defined to owners of hereditaments who are rated instead of the occupiers thereof, or who have agreed to pay the rates due

in respect thereof (in this Schedule referred to as the " existing

provisions ") were, either wholly or as to any part thereof, contained in a local Act, then, if the rating authority before the

date of the first new valuation, or before the expiration of two

months from the passing of this Act, whichever is the later, so

resolve, the existing provisions shall, unless and until the resolution is rescinded, apply to any rate made for the rating area

in respect of any period commencing on/or after the date of the

first new valuation, and if and so far as they may have been

repealed by, or by any order made under, the principal Act shall

have effect as if re-enacted herein.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid—

(a) all resolutions, agreements and notices in force under

the existing provisions shall continue to have effect

unless and until they are rescinded or modified;

and

(b) the rating authority, if they are the owners of any

hereditaments to which the existing provisions apply,

and as such are rated in respect thereof instead of the occupiers, shall, in the case of any hereditament

which is of a value not exceeding that specified in

the existing provisions and which js occupied by the

owner, make to the owner (subject to the amount

of the rate chargeable in respect of that hereditament

being paid by him before such date as the rating

authority may fix) an allowance corresponding to

the amount, if any, passed on by the authority to the

occupiers of hereditaments owned by them in respect

of the allowance to which the authority are entitled

by reason of their being so rated as owners, and unless

the contrary is proved, an amount not less than 6 per

cent, of the amount payable in respect of rates shall

be deemed to have been so passed on by the authority.

1928. Rating and Valuation Ch. 8, 9.

.. Act, 1928.

(3) For the purposes of this Schedule, the Expression " rate

means a consolidated rate which includes a poor rate, a poor

rate or a borough rate:

Provided that, in a rating area in which both a poor rate

and a borough rate were levied, provisions applicable to the borough

rate shall not be deemed' to be existing provisions if, or in so

far as, inconsistent with the provisions applicable to the •poor

rate.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to extend further the duration of the Local

Authorities. (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923,

and to amend temporarily the provisions as to

the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund.

[10th May 1928.]

BE it enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The provisions of the Local Authorities (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923, mentioned in the Schedule

to this Act shall, as amended by the Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1924, and by the Local

Authorities (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1926, and by

this Act, have effect as if for references therein to nineteen hundred and twenty-eight there were substituted

references to nineteen hundred and thirty-two.

2.—(1) The board of guardians of every poor law

union in London shall, not later—

(a) in the case of the half year commencing on the

first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, than twenty-one days after the passing of this Act;

(b) in the case of any subsequent half year, than

four weeks before the commencement of the

hah year;

submit to the Metropolitan Asylums Board estimates

in such form as the Minister of Health may prescribe of

23

2nd Soh.

— cont.

Further extension of

duration of

13 & 14

Geo. 5. o. 6.

14 & 15

Geo. 6. c. 29.

16 & 17

Geo. 6. c. 10.

Provisions

as to metropolitan

common

poor fund.

24 Ch. 9. Local Authorities 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1928.

i

the expenditure which they propose to incur during that

half year for the several purposes' in respect of which

repayments are to be made out of the metropolitan

common poor fund and of the amount so repayable, and

may at any time during any half-year submit to them

supplementary estimates.

' (2) Upon examination of any such estimates submitted by a board of guardians under this section, and

after consideration of any representations made to them

on behalf of any board of guardians of a poor law

union in London, the Metropolitan Asylums Board shall

approve the estimates of the amounts repayable out of the metropolitan common poor fund either as submitted

or subject to such reduction (if any) in respect of any

specified purpose as the Metropolitan Asylums Board

may think fit to make, and shall furnish the district

auditor with a copy of the estimates as approved.

> (3) The district auditor in giving any certificate

which he is required by section two hundred and two

17 & 18 of the Poor Law Act, 1927, to give shall exclude there-

Geo. 5. c. 14. f rom an y amount by which the expenditure of the board

of guardians for any purpose so far as repayable out

of the said fund exceeds the sum specified as so repayable in relation to that purpose in the estimates as

approved by the Metropolitan Asylums Board, and the

amount repayable to the said board of guardians out

of the said fund shall be the sum so certified.

(4) In this section the expression "half-year "

means any half-year fixed for the purpose of the audit

of the accounts of boards of guardians in London.

(5) This section shall apply to expenditure incurred

after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, in respect of any period during which

II & 12 section one of the Local Authorities (Financial

Geo. 6. c.67. Provisions) Act, 1921, as amended by any subsequent

enactment is in operation.

[Short title.] 3. This Act may be cited as the Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1928, and the Local Authorities (Emergency Provisions) Acts, 1923 to 1926, and

this Act may be cited together as the Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Acts, 1923 to 1928.

1928.

Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1928.

Ch. 9.

25

SCHEDULE.

Section 1.

Provisions of 13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 6 continued.

Section of Act. Subject Matter.

Section one - Continuance until the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-four, subject to certain

modifications, of section one of the Local

Authorities (Financial. Provisions) Act, 1921,

which provides for the temporary extension

of charges on the Metropolitan Common Poor

Fund.

Section two - Substitution for " the first day of April, nineteen

" hundred and twenty-three, " of the first

" day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

" four, " in the following provisions of the

Local Authorities (Financial Provisions) Act,

1921; that is to say:—

(a) the proviso to subsection (3) of section

three thereof (which enabled the Minister

of Health in certain circumstances to

extend the time within which sums

borrowed under that section are to be

repaid if borrowed before the first day

of April first mentioned);

(b) Subsection (1) of section six thereof

(which provided that money borrowed

by a local authority before the first-

mentioned first day of April for certain

purposes is not to be reckoned as part

of the debt of the local authority for the

purposes of any enactment limiting the

powers of borrowing by that authority);

(c) Subsection (2) of section six thereof -

(which suspended until the first-mentioned first day of April the operation

of subsection (3) of section two hundred

and thirty-four of the Public Health 38 <fc 3!) Vict.

Act, 1875). c. 55.

26

Ch. 10.

Amendment

of 15 & 16

Geo. 5.

c. 59. s. 11.

Amendment of

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 55.

s. 4 (1) (d).

Short title

and citation.

Teachers (Superannuation)18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to amend section eleven of the Teachers

(Superannuation) Act, 1925, and paragraph (d)

of subjection (1) of section four of the Education

(Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1925.

[2nd July 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

ft

1. The maximum period which may under section

eleven of the Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1925, be

treated, subject to the provisions of that section, as

being a period during which a teacher was employed in

contributory service notwithstanding that his employment in such service was discontinued for that period,

shall, in the case of a teacher in any school , in a foreign

country which is shown to the satisfaction of the Board

to be maintained primarily for the education of the

children of British subjects, be four years instead of one

year.

2. Paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section four

of the Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act, 1925,

shall have effect as if there were inserted therein after

the words "United Kingdom " the words "or in any

" school in a foreign country which is shown to the

" satisfaction of the Department to be maintained

" primarily for the education of the children of British

* subjects."

3. This Act may be cited as the Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1928, and this Act, in so far as it

relates to England, may be cited with the Teachers

(Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1925, as the Teachers

(Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1928, and, in so far as

it relates to Scotland, may be cited with the Education

(Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1925, as the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1928.

1928.

Cotton Industry

Act, 1928.

Ch. 11, 12.

27

CHAPTER 11.

4

An Act to provide for the collection of a contribution by cotton spinners in Great Britain

to the funds of the Empire Cotton Growing

Corporation; and for other matters relating to

the cotton industry.

[2nd July 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.— (1) Sections one to three of the Cotton Industry Continuance

Act, 1923, shall, subject to the amendment hereinafter andamend-

contained, continue in force for a period of five ye t ars

from the date when they would otherwise expire. Geo 5 c 22 .

(2) Section two of the said Act, as so continued,

shall have effect as if for the words "a contribution at

" the rate of sixpence for every five hundred pounds

" gross weight or portion thereof of the cotton so

" purchased " there were substituted the words "a con-

" tribution at the rate of threepence for every five

" hundred pounds gross weight or portion thereof of

" the cotton so purchased, or such less rate as the

" Corporation may, with the approval of the Board of

" Trade, determine in respect of any year."

2. This Act may be cited as the Cotton Industry Short title.

Act, 1928, and the Cotton Industry Act, 1923, and this Act may be cited together as the Cotton Industry Acts,

1923 and 1928.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to assimilate the franchises for men and

women in respect of parliamentary and local

government elections; and for purposes consequential thereon.

[2nd July 1928 ]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

28

Ch. 12.

Assimilation of

parliamentary

franchise

of men and

women.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 64.

Representation of the 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

People (Equal Franchise) Act, 1928.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— ~

1. For the purpose of providing that the parliamentary franchise shall be the same for men and

women. Subsections (1) and (2) of section four of the

Representation of the People Act, 1918 (in this Act

referred to as "the principal Act") shall be repealed and

the following sections shall be substituted for sections

one and two of that Act:—

(Section to he substituted for the said section one.)

" .—(1) A person shall be entitled to be

registered as a parliamentary elector for a constituency (other than a university constituency),

if he or she is of full age and not subject to any

legal incapacity; and

(a) has the requisite residence qualification; or

(b) has the requisite business premises

qualification; or

(c) is the husband or wife of a person

entitled to be so registered in respect of a

business premises qualification.

(2) A person, in order to have the requisite

residence qualification or business premises qualification for a constituency—

(a) must on the last day of the qualifying

period be residing in premises in the constituency, or occupying business premises

in the constituency, as the case may be;

and

(b) must during the whole of the qualifying period have resided in premises, or

occupied business premises, as the case

may be, in the constituency, or in another

constituency within the same parliamentary borough or parliamentary county,

or within a parliamentary borough or

parliamentary county contiguous to that

borough or county, or separated from that

borough or county by water, not exceeding

at the nearest point six miles in breadth,

measured in the case of tidal water from

low-water mark.

1928. Representation of the Ch. 12. 29

People {Equal Franchise) Act, 1928.

. For the purposes of this subsection the

administrative county of London shall be treated

as a parliamentary borough.

(3) The expression ‘business premises’ in

this section means land or other premises of the

yearly value of not less than ten pounds occupied

for the purpose of the business, profession, or

trade of the person to be registered."

{Section to he substituted for the said section two.)

" . A person shall be entitled to be registered as a parliamentary elector for a university

constituency if he or she is of full age and not

subject to any legal incapacity, and has received

a degree (other than an honorary degree) at any

university forming, or forming part of, the constituency, or in the case of the Scottish uniyer-

sities is qualified under section twenty-seVen

of the Representation of the People (Scotland) 31 & 32 Vict.

Act, 1868, or, if a woman, has been admitted c - 48 *

to and passed the final examination, and kept

under the conditions required of women by the

university, the period of residence, necessary for

a man to obtain a degree at any university

forming, or forming part of, a university constituency which did not at the time the examination was passed admit women to degrees."

2. For the purpose of providing that the local Assimila-

government franchise shall be the same for men and hon of local

women, subsection (3) of section four of the principal go ve menfc

Act shall be repealed, and the following section shall be o^menaLd

substituted for section three of that Act: women,

" . A person shall be entitled to be registered as

a local government elector for a local government

electoral area if he or she is of full age and not

subject to any legal incapacity, and—

(a) is on the last day of the qualifying period

occupying as owner or tenant any land or premises in that area; and

(6) has during the whole of the qualifying period so

occupied any land or premises in that area, or,

if that area is not an administrative oounty or

a county borough, in any administrative county

30

Ch. 12.

Consequential

amendments.

Amendment

of s. 8 of

principal

Act.

Representation of the 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

People (Equal Franchise) Act, 1928.

r

or county borough in which the area is wholly

or partly situate; on

(c) is the husband or wife of a person entitled to

be so registered in respect of premises in which

both the person so entitled and the husband

or wife, as the case may be, reside:

Provided that—

(i) for the purposes of this section a

person who inhabits any dwelling-house by

virtue of any office, service, or employment,

shall, if the dwelling-house is not inhabited

by the person in whose service he or she is

in such office, service, or employment, be

deemed to occupy the, dwelling-house as a

tenant; and

(ii) for the purposes of this section the

word tenant shall include a person who

occupies a room or rooms as a lodger only

where the room or rooms is or are let to

that person in an unfurnished state; and >

(iii) for the purpose of paragraph (c) of this section, a naval or military voter who

is registered in respect of a residence qualification which he or she would have had

but for his or her service shall be deemed

to be resident in accordance with that

qualification."

3. The amendments specified in the second column

of the Schedule to this Act, being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act, shall

be made in the provisions of the principal Act specified

in the first column of that Schedule.

4, The following shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section eight of the principal Act (which

relates to the right of registered persons to vote):—

" (1) Every person registered as a parliamentary elector for any constituency shall, while so

registered (and in the case of a woman notwithstanding sex or marriage) be entitled to vote at

an election of a member to serve in Parliament

for that constituency, but a person shall not

vote at a general election for more than one

constituency for -which he or she is registered

by virtue of a residence qualification, or for

more than one constituency for which he or she

is registered by virtue of other qualifications of

any kind."

5 The Fourth Schedule to the principal Act (which Maximum

relates to the maximum scale of election expenses) shall scale of

have effect as if for the word "sevenpence " there were

substituted the word "sixpence."

6 # —(l) For the purpose of enabling the foregoing Special pro-

provisions of this Act to come into operation as soon as visions th

may be register of

(a) the qualifying period for the purpose of the electors to

register of electors to be made in the year be made in

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine shall end in 1929,

Scotland on the fifteenth day of December and

elsewhere on the first day of December, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, instead of on the

dates fixed for the several parts of the United

Kingdom respectively by the Representation of the People Acte, 1918 to 1926;

(b) the said register shall come into force on the first

day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine,

instead of on the dates fixed for the several

parts of the United Kingdom respectively by

the said Acts and shall, notwithstanding anything in this section, continue in force in the

case of Northern Ireland, until the fifteenth

day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty,

and in any other case until the fifteenth day of

October, nineteen hundred and thirty.

(2) It shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in

Council to make such alterations in the registration dates

as may seem to him necessary for the purpose of the

preparation of the register in the year nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, and also such adaptations and modifications in the provisions of any Act (including any

local Act or Act to confirm a Provisional Order) as may

seem to him necessary to make those provisions conform

with the alterations in the registration dates.

(3) The register of electors which comes into force

on the fifteenth day of October (or, in Northern Ireland,

32

Ch. 12.

Representation of the 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

People {Equal Franchise) Act, 1928.

on the fifteenth day of December), nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, shall continue in_force until the first day

of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, and no

longer.

Local 7. The t following paragraph shall be substituted for

government paragraph (3) of section forty-three of the principal Act,

franchise in which provides for the application of the principal Act to

Scotland. Scotland subject to certain modifications :—

" (3) Section three of this Act shall not apply,

and in lieu thereof:—

(a) A person who is of full age and not

subject to any legal incapacity shall be

entitled to be registered as a local government elector for a local government

electoral area if he or she is on the last

day of the qualifying period and has been

during the whole of that period—

(i) the owner of lands and heritages

within the area of the yearly value of

not less than ten pounds: Where such

lands and heritages are in the joint

ownership of two or more persons and

the aggregate yearly value of the lands

and heritages is not less than the amount

produced by multiplying ten pounds by

the number of the joint owners, each of

1 the joint owners shall be treated as

owning lands and heritages of the yearly

value of not less than ten pounds; or

(ii) the occupier as tenant of lands

and heritages within the area of the

yearly value of not less than ten pounds:

Where such lands and heritages are in

the joint occupation as tenants of two or

more persons, and the aggregate yearly

value of the lands and heritages is not

less than the amount produced by multiplying ten pounds by the number of the

joint occupiers, each of the joint occupiers shall be treated as occupying lands

and heritages of the yearly value of not

less than ten pounds; or

1928.

33

Representation of the Ch. 12 *

People (Equal Franchise) Act, 1928.

(iii) the inhabitant occupier as owner

or tenant of a dwelling-house within the

area; or

(iv) the occupier of lodgings within the

area of the yearly value, if let unfurnished,

of not less than ten pounds: Where such

lodgings are in the joint occupation of

not more than two persons and the

aggregate yearly value as aforesaid of the

lodgings is not less than twenty pounds,

each of the joint lodgers shall be treated

as occupying lodgings of the yearly value

of not less than ten pounds; or

(v) the inhabitant occupier by virtue

of any office, service, or employment of

a dwelling-house within the area which

is not inhabited by the person in whose

service he or she is in such office, service,

or employment:

(b) The ownership or occupation in

i mm ediate succession of different lands and

heritages, dwelling-houses, or lodgings, as

the case may be, in the same parliamentary

county or in the same parliamentary

borough shall have the like effect in qualifying a person to be registered as a local

government elector for a local government

electoral area therein respectively, as the

continued ownership or occupation of the

same lands and heritages, dwelling-houses,

or lodgings within that area:

(c) The husband or wife of a person

entitled to be registered as a local government elector for a local government electoral

area in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section, in respect of premises

in which both the person so entitled and the

husband or wife, as the case maybe, reside,

shall, if he or she is of full age and not subject

to any legal incapacity, be entitled to be so

registered for that area, and for the purpose

of this provision a naval or military voter

C

Ch. 12.

84

Representation of the 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

People (Equal Franchise) Act, 1928.

who is registered in respect of a residence

qualification which he or she would have

had but for his or her service shall be

deemed to be resident in accordance with

that qualification:

(d) In this section ‘owner 9 shall include

heir of entail in possession, life-renter, and

beneficiary entitled under any trust to the

rents and profits of lands and heritages and

shall not include the fiar of lands and

heritages subject to a life-rent, nor tutor,

curator, judicial factor, nor commissioner;

‘ lands and heritages 9 has the same

meaning as in the Valuation Acts, and

‘ dwelling-house 9 means any house or part

of a house occupied as a separate dwelling. 99

Short title, 8.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Representa-

construction tion of the People (Equal Franchise) Act, 1928, and the

and appli- Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to 1926, and

cation. this Act may be cited together as the Representation of the People Acts.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the

Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to 1926.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall affect the right of any

person, or confer on any person any right, to be registered

in the register of electors to be made in the year nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, or to vote at any time before

the register of electors to be made in the year nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine comes into operation.

(4) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland so far as

it relates to matters with respect to which the Parliament

of Northern Ireland have no power to make laws.

1928.

Representation of the

People (Equal Franchise) 'Act, 1928.

Ch. 12.

35

SCHEDULE.

Consequential Amendments of Principal Act. Section 3.

X

Provisions of

principal Act. Amendments to be made.

Section 5

. Section 7

Section 22

Section 43

Schedule 2

Schedule 5

- In subsection (3) for the words "the age

" required under this Act in the case of

" that person " there shall be substituted

the words "full age."

- Paragraph (b) of subsection (1) shall be

omitted.

In subsection (3) for the word "man " there

shall be substituted the word "person ";

for the word "he" where it first and

secondly occurs there shall be substituted

the words "that person, " and for the words

" the time when he so commenced to reside "

there shall be substituted the words "the

" commencement of the residence."

- In subsection (2) the words "(except as pro-

" vided in that Schedule) " shall be

omitted.

- Paragraph (4), and in paragraph (5) the words

" for men, " shall be omitted.

- In Part II. for the words "a man" where

those words occur in No. I and No. 2, ' there

shall be substituted the words "a person."

No. 3, including the Note thereto, shall be

omitted.

Under the heading " Declarations at University Election " the words "(in the case of a

man) " and the words "(in the case of a

" woman) — ‘ I have not voted at this

" ‘ general election for any other university

" constituency’" shall be omitted.

- In the Form of Voting Paper in Part I.

and in Forms A and C in Part II. the

words " (In the case of a man) " and the

words " (In the case of a woman) that I

" have not voted at this general election

" for any other university constituency "

shall be omitted.

36

Ch. 13.

Currency and Bank 18 & 19 Geo. 5.,

Notes Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act t (o amend the law relating to the issue of

bank notes by the Bank of England and by banks

in Scotland and Northern Ireland, and to provide

for the transfer to the Bank of England of the

currency notes issue and of the assets appropriated for the- redemption thereof, and to

make certain provisions with respect to gold

reserves and otherwise in connection with the

matters aforesaid and to prevent the defacement of bank notes.

[2nd July 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any Act—

(a) the Bank may issue bank notes for one pound

and for ten shillings:

(b) any such bank notes may be issued at any

place out of London without being made

payable at that place, and wherever issued

shall be payable only at the head office of the Bank:

(c) any such bank notes may be put into circulation

in Scotland and Northern Ireland, and shall

be current and legal tender in Scotland and

Northern Ireland as in England.

(2) Section six of the Bank of England Act, 1833

c. 98. (which provides that bank notes shall be legal tender), shall

have effect as if for the words "shall be a legal tender

" to the amount expressed in such note or notes and

" shall be taken to be valid as a tender to such amount

" for all sums above five pounds on all occasions on

" which any tender of money may be legally made "

there were substituted the words "shall be legal tender

for the payment of any amount."

Amendment

with respect

to powers of

Bank of

England to

issue bank

notes.

3&4WU1.4.

1928.

Currency and Bank

Notes Act, 1928.

Ch. 13.

3T

(3) The following provisions shall have effect so long

as subsection (1) of section one of the Gold Standard 15 & 16

Act, 1925, remains in force— Geo. c - 29 ‘

(a) notwithstanding anything in the proviso to

section six of the Bank of England Act, 1833,

bank notes for one pound or ten shillings shall

be deemed a legal tender of payment by. the

Bank or any branch of the Bank, including

payment of bank notes:

(b) the holders of bank notes for five pounds and

upwards shall be entitled, on a demand made

at any time during office hours at the head

office of the Bank or, in the case of notes

payable at a branch of the Bank, either at the

head office or at that branch, to require in exchange for the said bank notes for five pounds

and upwards bank notes for one pound or ten

shillings. °

(4) The Bank shall have power, on giving not less

than three months’ notice in the London, Edinburgh and

Belfast Gazettes, to call in the bank notes for one pound

or ten shillings of any series on exchanging them for bank

notes of the same value of a new series.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in section eight of the

Truck Act, 1831, the payment of wages in bank notes of l&2Will.4.

one pound or ten shillings shall be valid, whether the c. 37.

workman does or does not consent thereto.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act the Amount of

Bank shall issue bank notes up to the amount repre- Bank of

senting the gold coin and gold bullion for the time being in En S Iand

the issue department, and shall in addition issue bank uote issue *

notes to the amount of two hundred and sixty million

pounds in excess of the amount first mentioned in this

section, and the issue of notes which the Bank are

by or under this Act required or authorised to make in

excess of the said first mentioned amount is in this Act

referred to as " the fiduciary note issue."

(2) The Treasury may at any time on being requested by the Bank, direct that the amount of the

fiduciary note issue shall for such period as may be

determined by the Treasury, after consultation with the

Bank, be reduced by such amount as may be so

determined.

38

Ch. 13.

Currency and Bank 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Notes Act, 1928.

Securities

for note

issue to be

held in

issue department.

59 Geo. 3.

c. 76. ■

3.—(1) In addition to the gold coin and bullion for

the time being in the issue department, the Bank shall

from time to time appropriate to and hold in the issue

department securities of an amount in value sufficient to

cover the fiduciary note issue for the time being.

(2) The securities to be held as aforesaid may include

silver coin to an amount not exceeding five and one-half

million pounds.

(3) The Bank shall from time to time give to the

Treasury such information as the Treasury may require

with respect to the securities held in the issue department, but shall not be required to include any of the said

securities in the account to be taken pursuant to section

five of the Bank of England Act, 1819.

Transfer of 4.—(1) As from the appointed day all currency notes

currency issued under the Currency and Bank Notes Act, 1914,

t°B 8 nk U f c . ertifie ? ky the Treasury to be outstanding on that date

England. 0 (including currency notes covered by certificates issued

4 & 5 Geo. 5 . to any persons under section two of the Currency and

c. 14. Bank Notes (Amendment) Act, 1914, but not including

4 & 5 Geo. 5. currency notes called in but not cancelled) shall, for the

c. 72. purpose of the enactments relating to bank notes and

the issue thereof (including this Act) be deemed to be

bank notes, and the Bank shall be liable in respect

thereof accordingly.

(2) The currency notes to which subsection (1) of this section applies are in this Act referred to as " the

transferred currency notes."

(3) At any time after the appointed day, the Bank

shall have power, on giving not less than three months ’

notice in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes,

to call in the transferred currency notes on exchanging

them for bank notes of the same value.

(4) Any currency notes called in but not cancelled

before the appointed day may be exchanged for bank

notes of the same value.

Transfer to

Bank of

certain part

of assets of

Currency

Note

Redemption

Account.

5.—(1) On the appointed day, in consideration of the Bank undertaking liability in respect of the transferred

currency notes, all the assets of the Currency Note

Redemption Account other than Government securities

shall be transferred to the issue department, and there

shall also be transferred to the issue department out of the said assets Government securities of such an amount

1928.

Currency and Bank

Notes Act, 1928..

Ch. .13.

39

in value as will together with the other assets to be

transferred as aforesaid represent in the aggregate the

amount of the transferred currency notes.

For the purpose of this subsection the value of any

marketable Government securities shall be taken to be

their market price as on the appointed day less the

accrued interest, if any, included in that price.

(2) Any bank notes transferred to the Bank under

this section shall be cancelled.

(3) Such of the said Government securities as are

not transferred to the Bank under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be realised and the amount

realised shall be paid into the Exchequer at such time

* and in such manner as the Treasury direct.

6.—(1) The Bank shall, at such times and in such

manner as may be agreed between the Treasury and

the Bank, pay to the Treasury an amount equal, to

the profits arising in respect of each year in the issue

department, including the amount of any bank notes

written off under section six of the Bank Act, 1892,

as amended by this Act, but less the amount of any

bank notes so written off* which have been presented

for payment during the year and the amount of any

currency notes called in but not cancelled before the

appointed day which have been so presented.

(2) For the purposes of this section the amount of the profits arising in any year in the issue department

shall, subject as aforesaid, be ascertained in such manner

as may be agreed between the Bank and Treasury.

(3) For the purposes of the Income Tax Acts, any

income of, or attributable to, the issue department shall

be deemed to be income of the Exchequer, and any

expenses of, or attributable to, the issue department

shall be deemed not to be expenses of the Bank.

(4) The Bank shall cease to be liable to make any

payment in consideration of their exemption from stamp

duty on bank notes.

• 7, Section six of the Bank Act, 1892, (which

authorises the writing off of bank notes which are not

presented for payment within forty years of the date of

issue), shall have effect as if, in the case of notes for one

pound or ten shillings, twenty years were substituted for

Profits of

note issue

to be paid

to Treasury.

55 & 56Viet,

c. 48.

Amendment

of 8. 6 of

55 & 56 Vict.

c. 48.

40 Ch. 13. Currency and Bank 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Notes Act, 1928.

Power to

increase

amount of

fiduciary

note issue.

i

forty years, and as if, in the case of any such notes being

transferred currency notes, they had been issued oh the

appointed day and, in the case of any such notes not being

transferred currency notes, they had been issued on the

last day on which notes of the particular series of which

they formed part were issued by the Bank.

8.—(1) If the Bank at any time represent to the

Treasury that it is expedient that the amount of the

fiduciary note issue shall be increased to some specified

amount above two hundred and sixty million pounds, the

Treasury may authorise the Bank to issue bank notes to

such an increased amount, not exceeding the amount

specified as aforesaid, and for such period, not exceeding

six months, as the Treasury think proper.

(2) Any authority so given may be renewed or

varied from time to time on the like representation and

in like manner:

f Provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing provision, no such authority shall be renewed so as _ to

remain in force (whether with or without variation) after

the expiration of a period of two years from the date on

which it was originally given, unless Parliament otherwise

determines.

(3) Any minute of the Treasury authorising an increase of the fiduciary note issue under this section shall

be laid forthwith before both Houses of Parliament.

Amendment 9.— (1) For the purpose of any enactment which in

as to issue the case of a bank in Scotland or Northern Ireland limits

bankUn ^y reference to the amount of gold and silver coin held

Scotland by any such bank the amount of the notes which that

and bank may have in circulation, bank notes held by that

Northern bank or by the Bank on account of that bank, shall be

Ireland. treated as being gold coin held by that bank.

(2) A bank in Scotland or Northern Ireland may

hold the coin and bank notes by reference to which the

amount of the bank notes which it is entitled to have in

circulation is limited at such of its offices in Scotland or

Northern Ireland, respectively, not exceeding two, as

may from time to time be approved by the Treasury.

Amendment 10. The form prescribed by Schedule A to the

of s. 6 of Bank Charter Act, 1844, for the account to be issued

7 & 8 Vict. W eekly by the Bank under section six of that Act may

c. 32. k e modified to such an extent as the Treasury, with

1928.

Currency and Bank

Notes Act, 1928.

Ch. 13.

41

the concurrence of the Bank, consider necessary, having

regard to the provisions of this Act.

XI, —(1) With a view to the concentration of the Power of

gold reserves and to the securing of economy in the use a nk of

of gold, the following provisions of this section shall to I ^5^ re

have effect so long as subsection (1) of section one of the p ersons

Gold Standard Act, 1925, remains in force. to make

(2) Any person in the United Kingdom owning any ^dto^ell

gold coin or bullion to an amount exceeding ten

thousand pounds in value shall, on being required so

to do by notice in writing from the Bank, forthwith

furnish to the Bank in writing particulars , of the gold

coin and bullion owned by that person, and shall, if so

required by the Bank, sell to the Bank the whole or any

part of the said coin or bullion, other than any part

thereof which is bona fide held for immediate export or

which is bona fide required for industrial purposes^ on

payment therefor by the Bank, in the case of coin, of the nominal value thereof, and in the case of bullion,

at the rate fixed in section four of the Bank Charter

Act, 1844.

12. If any person prints, or stamps, or by any Penalty for

like means impresses, on any bank note any words, letters defacing

or figures, he shall, in respect of each offence, be liable bank notes *

on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding one

pound.

13. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Currency and Short title,

Bank Notes Act, 1928. interpreta-

. tion and

(2) JLJtns Act shall come mto operation on the repeal.

appointed day, and the appointed day shall be such day

as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, and

different days may be appointed for different purposes

and for different provisions of this Act.

(3) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, —

The expression "the Bank" means the Bank of

England:

The expression "issue department" means the issue

department of the Bank:

The expression "bank note" means a note of the

Bank:

42 Ch. 13. Currency and Bank 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Notes Act, 1928.

The expression "coin" means coin which is current

and legal tender in the JJnited Kingdom:

The expression "bullion " includes any coin which

is not current and legal tender in the United

Kingdom.

(4) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the

third column of that Schedule.

Section 13.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent o! Repeal.

7 & 8 Vict.

The Bank Charter Act,

Sections two, three, five

c. 32.

1844.

and nine, in section

eleven the words from

"save and except that "

to the end of the section, sections thirteen

to twenty, and section

twenty-two, and, so far

as relates to England,

sections ten and twelve.

Section four, so far as un-

24 & 25 Vict.

Bank of England Act,

c. 3.

1861.

repealed.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

The Currency and Bank

The whole Act, except

o. 14.

Notes Act, 1914.

subsection (6) of section

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

The Currency and Bank

one and section five.

The whole Act.

c. 72.

Notes (Amendment)

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

Act, 1914.

The Finance Act, 1915 -

Section twenty-seven.

c. 62.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

The Gold Standard Act,

Paragraph (b) of subseo-

c. 29.

1925.

tion (1) of section one.

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

[Ch. 14.

43

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the National Health Insurance

Act, 1924, and other enactments relating to

health insurance.

[2nd July 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In section three of the National Health Amend-

Insurance Act, 1924 (hereinafter referred to as the menta of

principal Act), for subsection (1) thereof, down to the 813 \ 7 *

words " as if he were an employed contributor insured Act as to *

under this Act " there shall be substituted the following continuous

provision: insurance,

contribu-

" Where an insured person being an employed tiona by

contributor and a member of an approved society voluntary

ceases to be employed within the meaning of this contnbu-

Act, he shall until the thirtieth day of June, or

the thirty-first day of December, whichever next '

precedes the expiration of a period of two years Q eo 6 c 2 4

from the end of the contribution week in which

he ceases to be so employed, be treated for all

purposes as if he were an employed contributor

insured under this Act; but if on ceasing to be so

employed he is rendered incapable of work by

some specific disease or by bodily or mental

disablement of which notice is given within the

prescribed time, the said period of two years

shall be reckoned from the end of the contribution

week in which he ceases to be so incapable of

work."

(2) For subsection (2) of the same section, the

following subsection shall be substituted:

" (2) A voluntary contributor being a

member of an approved society shall on ceasing

to pay contributions continue to be treated

as if he were a voluntary contributor insured

44 Ch. 14. National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance Act, 1928.

under this Act until the thirtieth day of ’June,

or the thirty-first day_of December, whichever

next precedes the expiration of a period of two

years from the end of the contribution week in

respect of which the last contribution paid by

him 1 as a voluntary contributor was paid:

Provided that where immediately after the

contribution week in respect of which the last

contribution paid by him as a voluntary contributor was paid he is rendered incapable of

work by some specific disease or by bodily or

mental disablement of which notice is given

within the prescribed time, the said period of

two years shall be reckoned from the end of the

contribution week in which he ceases to be so

incapable of work."

(3) Por subsections (3) and (4) of the same section

the following subsections shall be substituted:

" (3) An insured person—

(a) who has been ihsured as an employed

contributor for the prescribed period, and

by or in respect of whom the prescribed

number of contributions have been paid;

and

(b) who proves within the prescribed time

that throughout the period during which he

has remained insured by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this section (except when

incapable of work by reason of some specific

disease or bodily or mental disablement of

which notice is given within the prescribed

time) he was available for but unable to

obtain employment within the meaning of this Act;

shall continue to be treated as an employed contributor insured under this Act until the expiration of a year from the date on which he would

otherwise cease to be insured, subject to this

modification, that he shall, during such extended

period, be subject to such a reduction in the rate

of sickness benefit and disablement benefit as may

1928. National Health Ch. 14. 45

Insurance Act, 1928.

11

be prescribed; so, however, that such reduction

shall not exceed one-half of the benefit.

" (4) If any person, while remaining insured by

virtue of the last foregoing subsection, again

becomes employed within the meaning of this Act,

or becomes a voluntary contributor, he shall,

for the purposes of sickness disablement and

maternity benefits, be treated as if he had not

previously been insured until he has been so

employed for twenty-six weeks and twenty-six

contributions have been paid in respect of him

since he again became so employed, or until he

has paid twenty-six contributions since becoming

a voluntary contributor, as the case may be:

Provided that no person shall by reason of

becoming so employed or becoming a voluntary

contributor be deprived of any benefit to winch

he would otherwise have been entitled. •

" (5) Where an insured person to whom subsection (3) of this section applies was at the date

when he ceased to be employed within the meaning

of this Act of the age of sixty or upwards, and

had then been continuously insured for ten years

or upwards, then—

(a) if on ceasing to be insured under the

said subsection (3), he proves that throughout the period during which his insurance

was extended by that subsection he was,

except when incapable of work, available

for but unable to obtain employment

within the meaning of this Act, he shall

continue to be treated as an insured person

until the expiration of a year from the date

on which he would otherwise cease to be

insured; and

(b) thereafter, if at the end of each

succeeding year he furnishes similar proof

with respect to the immediately preceding

year, he shall continue to be treated as an

insured person for a further year:

Provided that a person who remains insured

by virtue only of this subsection shall not be

Ch. 14.

National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance Act, 1928.

entitled to sickness benefit or disablement benefit,

and if he again becomes employed -within the

meaning of this Act, he shall, for the purpose of

determining his title to sickness benefit and disablement benefit, be treated as if he had not

previously been an insured person.

" (6) If at the date on which a person would

under any of the foregoing provisions of this section

cease to be insured he is, or was within the period

of four weeks preceding that date, incapable of

work by reason of some specific disease or bodily

or mental disablement of which notice is or has

been given within the prescribed time, he shall

remain insured in accordance -tfdth the provisions

of this section applicable to him at the time he

became incapable of work until he has for a continuous period of four weeks not been so incapable

of work.

" (7) A person who on attaining the age of

sixty-five is insured under this Act shall thereafter

continue to be an insured person throughout his

..life, notwithstanding anything contained in this

section, and a person who on attaining the age of

sixty-five is not insured under this Act shall not

be capable of becoming insured.

" (8) Where any person has ceased to be an

insured person he shall, if subsequently he becomes

employed within the meaning of this Act, or

becomes a voluntary contributor, be treated as if

he had not previously been an insured person."

(4) At the end of section seven of the principal Act,

the following new subsection shall be inserted:—

" (5) Where at the end of "any contribution

year the number of contributions, calculated in

the prescribed manner, paid, or deemed in accordance with regulations under this Act to have been

paid, for that contribution year by a person

insured as a voluntary contributor is less than

forty-five, then, unless within the prescribed

period he pays such further contributions in

respect of that year as will bring the total number

of contributions for the year up to forty-five,

1928. National Health Ch. 14. 47

Insurance Act, 1928.

he shall cease to be entitled to pay contributions

as a voluntary contributor:

Provided that where a person had, on attaining

the age of sixty in the case of a man, or fifty-five

in the case of a woman, been continuously insured

for a period of ten years, or since the fifteenth day

of July, nineteen hundred and twelve, whichever

period is the shorter, this subsection shall in

respect of that person apply as if for the references

to forty-five contributions there were substituted

references to twenty-six contributions.

For the purposes of this subsection " contribution year" means such period corresponding

as nearly as may be to twelve months as may

be prescribed and terminating on or after the

thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine.

(5) At the end of section fifteen of the principal Act

(which relates to arrears) the following new subsection

shall be inserted :—

" (4) Regulations under this section may

provide that, subject to such conditions as may

be prescribed, an insured person shall not be

subject to reduction or suspension of benefits

by reason of arrears of contributions for any

period in respect of which he proves that he was

available for but unable to obtain employment

within the meaning of this Act."

2. Section seventeen of the principal Act (which Amendment

makes provision in the case of contributors who are of s -17 of

inmates of hospitals, &c.) shall be amended as follows:— principal

r Act as to

(1) For paragraph (a) of subsection (2) the himates of

following paragraph shall be substituted:— hospitals,

" (a) if that person has any dependants,

shall, after consultation wherever possible

with that person, be paid or applied, in

whole or in part at the discretion of the

society or committee administering the

benefit, to or for the advantage of those

dependants, or such of them, and in such

48

Ch. 14.

c

Amendment

of 8. 24 of

principal

Act as to the

administration of

medical

benefit.

National'Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance. Act, 1928.

proportions, as the society or committee

may determine;"and "

(2) In subsection (3), for the words from

" and either in a lump sum " to the end of the

subsection there shall be substituted the words

" in the following manner—

" (a) in the case of sickness or disablement benefit, it shall be paid in weekly

instalments, each instalment being of an

amount not less than ten shillings nor more

than two pounds as the society or committee

administering the benefit may determine,

unless the society or committee th in k

proper, in view of the special circumstances

of the case, to make a lump sum payment;

(6) in the case of maternity benefit, it

shall be paid in a lump sum:

Provided that—

(i) if that person dies in the institution,

the sum so payable shall be deemed to

form part of his estate, and if he dies after

leaving the institution but before the whole

of the instalments have been paid, the

balance remaining unpaid shall be deemed

to form part of Ins' estate, and the amount

so deemed to form part of his estate shall

be paid in a lump sum and not in instalments;

(ii) the amount so payable to any person,

or deemed to form part of his estate, shall

in no case exceed fifty pounds, and the

balance shall, in accordance with regulations

under this Act, be paid to the Central Fund."

3. At the end of subsection (4) of section twenty-

four of the principal Act (which relates to the administration of medical benefit), the following provision shall

be inserted:—

" Save as provided by regulations under

this subsection, the insurance committee shall not,

after such date as may be prescribed, be entitled

to allow any person (other than a nurse or other

employee of a hospital or similar institution) to

1928. National Health Cn. 14,

Insurance Act; 1928.

A *

make his own arrangements for receiving medical

treatment and attendance by way of participating

in any collective arrangements made by or

through any system or institution, and any such

permission given before that date shall thereupon

cease to have effect: .

Provided that where before the sixth day of

March, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, any

person has been allowed to make his own arrangements by means of any such collective arrangement

as aforesaid, the system or institution by or through

which such arrangements were made may, within

such period as may be prescribed, apply to the

insurance committee and the Minister for approval

under this subsection, and shall be qualified to

receive such approval notwithstanding that it

was not in existence on the sixteenth day £>f

December, nineteen hundred and eleven."

4. For section twenty-six of the principal Act the Amendment

following section shall be substituted :— of . 8 - 26 of

"An approved society, not being a society Act as*to

in the case of which a disposable surplus was subscrip-

disclosed on the last preceding valuation, or an tionsto

insurance committee, may from time to time, charitable

with the consent of the Minister, make subscrip- institutions,

tions or donations of an eleemosynary character

to hospitals, dispensaries, and other charitable

institutions, or for the support of district nurses;

and any sums so expended by an approved society

shall be treated as expenditure on benefits."

5, —(1) In section twenty-seven of the principal Act

(which relates to the repayment of benefits improperly

paid) the following subsection shall be inserted after

subsection (1):—

" (1a) In any case where the Minister has

not taken proceedings under the last foregoing

subsection to recover from any person the amount

so repayable by him, the society or committee

concerned may, without prejudice to any other

method of recovery, and notwithstanding anything

in section twenty-one of this Act, recover the

amount by deductions from any siokness or

D

Amendment

of s. 27 of

principal

Act as to

repayment

of benefits

improperly

paid.

50

Ch. 14.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of ». 30 of

principal

Act as to

societies

having

members

in more

than one

national

area.

disablement benefit payable to that person within

four years from the date on which the improper

payment was made to that person by the society

or committee; so, however, that the amount

deducted from any benefit shall not exceed one-

fourth of the amount which but for such deduction would be payable."

(2) This section shall apply whether the improper

payment was made before or after the commencement

of this Act.

6.—(1) The following paragraph shall be inserted

at the end of subsection (2) of section thirty of the

principal Act (which relates to societies having members

in more than one national area):—

Where the Joint Committee are satisfied that

' the number of those members of any such society

who are resident in a national area other than

that in which the registered or head office of the

society is situate is less th an such proportion of the total number of the members of the society,

and does not exceed such minimum number, as

may be prescribed by regulations of the Joint

Committee, the Committee may, if they think fit,

and after consultation with the committee of

management of the society, withdraw approval

from the society in respect of that national area.

(2) The following proviso shall be added to subsection

(4) of the same section :—

" Provided that where the members of any

such society who are resident in a national

area other than that in which the registered or

head office of the society- is situate satisfy

the Joint Committee that they no longer desire

to be treated for the purposes of the provisions

of this Act relating to valuations, surpluses,

deficiencies and transfers as if they formed a

separate society, then, subject to the consent of the committee of management of the society,

those members shall, as from such date as the

Joint Committee may determine, cease to be so

treated; so however that such cesser shall hot

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Cn. 14.

51

‘affect any scheme relating to a surplus or deficiency

which is in force at the date of such cesser.

In the exercise of their powers under this

proviso the Joint Committee shall consult with

the Minister, the Scottish Board of Health or

the Ministry of Labour for Northern Ireland,

as the case may require, and hold an inquiry, or,

where in their opinion the wishes of the members

cannot otherwise be properly ascertained, cause a

poll to be taken in manner prescribed by regulations of the Committee."

7 At the end of section thirty-four of the principal Amendment

. Act the following subsection shall be insertedp^cipai

" (4) Where the Minister is of opinion that ct aa to

the rules of an approved society do not properly ru ies of;

provide for the administration of the affairs of the approved

society under this Act, or that any of the rules societies,

is likely to prejudice unfairly any member of the

society—

(a) the Minister may by notice require

the committee of management of the society,

within such time as may be specified in

the notice, to submit for his approval a

draft of amendments of the rules so as to

make provision for the purposes set forth

in the notice; and

(b) if the committee of management within

the time so specified fail to submit such

a draft or fail to submit a draft which the Minister is prepared to approve, the Minister

may give further notice to the society

requiring the rules to be amended in the

manner specified in the notice; and

(c) if at a general meeting of the society

held next after the expiration of a period of

three months from the approval of such a

draft, or, as the case may be, of a period of

three months from the receipt of the further

notice, the rules are not amended in accordance with the approved draft or the further

notice, the Minister may make an order

amending the rules in manner specified

in the order, and thereupon the rales of

52

Ch., 14.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of a. 36 of

principal

Act aa to

maladministration.

Amendment

of s. 39 of

principal

Act as to

amalgamations, &c.

the society as so altered by the order shall

be deemed to -be the rules of the society

approved by the Minister:

Provided that the Minis ter shall, if so

required by the society, before making any

such order, appoint an independent body

constituted in accordance with regulations

under this Act to investigate and report

on the state of affairs under the existing

rules of the society and on the amendments

of the rules specified in the approved draft

or the further notice, and the Minister in

making the order shall have regard to the

report of the investigating body.

iff

8, At the end of section thirty-six of the principal

Act the following subsection shall be added :—

* " (3) Regulations under this Act may provide for authorising the Minister, in any case in

which he has reason to believe that the affairs

under this Act of an approved society are not

being properly administered in any respect, to

cause an inquiry to be held into the administration of the affairs of the society, and if he is

satisfied as a result of the inquiry that the administration should be improved, and the society

fail after such period as he may determine to

introduce such reforms into the administration

as are necessary, to order the amount which may

be carried to the administration account of the

society out of contributions under this Act to be

reduced by such sum as he may direct."

9. At the end of section thirty-nine of the principal

Act the following subsection shall be added:—

" (2) Regulations under this section may

provide that where the committee of management

of a society with branches desire to alter the

constitution of the society so as to secure that for

the purposes of the administration of the affairs

of the society under this Act the society shall

cease to be a society with branches, or the

branches in different areas shall be grouped,

and where not less than the prescribed proportion of the members of the society present

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch. 14.

53

at a general meeting, or, in the case of a society

whose affairs are managed by delegates elected

by members, of those delegates so present, consent

thereto—

(a) an amalgamation for the purposes of this Act of all the branches of the society

or of all the branches of the society within

any area; or

(b) a transfer to the society of the

engagements under this Act of all the

branches of the society, or a transfer to

one branch of the society in any area of the engagements of all the other branches

of the society within the same area;

may take effect notwithstanding that any one

or more of the branches concerned may not

consent."

10. After subsection (5) of section forty-eight of the Amendment

principal Act (which relates to the constitution of insur- of, s - f 8

ance committees) the following subsection shall be

inserted :— insurance

" (5a) Subject to such conditions and restric- committees

tions as may be prescribed, an insurance committee (8ta f^P^ 1 *

may, for the purpose of securing to any of its annua on )-

officers or servants on retirement superannuation

allowances or other benefits, make contributions

to any fund providing such benefits approved by

the Minister, and any contributions so made shall

be treated as part of the administration expenses

of the committee."

11. —(1) Section fifty-four of the principal Act (which Amendment

relates to deposit contributors) shall become a permanent of s - 54 of

enactment, and accordingly the words "until the thirty- P ri ci P al

first day of December nineteen hundred and twenty-five

and " in subsection (1) thereof shall be repealed. tributors.

(2) Paragraphs (e) and (/) of subsection (1) of the

said section shall be repealed, and at the end of that

section the following subsections shall be added:—

" (3) As respects deposit contributors who

make application to the Minister in the prescribed

manner and within the prescribed time, and prove

that the state of their health is such that they

54

Ch. 14. '

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

cannot obtain admission to an approved society,

and in whose case the. prescribed conditions are

fulfilled, the foregoing provisions of this section

shall not apply, and in lieu thereof the following

provisions shall apply:

" (a) All such deposit contributors shall

be formed into a separate section, to be

called the Deposit Contributors Insurance

Section:

" (b) Members of the said section shall,

subject to the provisions of this Act, be

entitled to benefits other than additional

benefits:

" (c) Upon any deposit contributor becoming a member of the section the

amount standing to his credit in the

Deposit Contributors Fund shall be carried

to the Reserve Suspense Fund, and there

shall be charged to that fund and credited

to the section a sum" equal to his transfer

value:

" (d) The cost of benefits and the ex

penses of the administration thereof, so far

as not payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament, shall be paid out of the sums

standing to the credit of the said section,

and there shall be carried to the credit of

that section—

" (i) such transfer values as aforesaid;

" (ii) the contributions paid by or in

respect of the members of the section,

subject to the retention thereout of the sums which would be retained by

the Minister under section sixty-seven

of this Act if the members of the

section were members of an approved

society;

" (iii) upon any deposit contributor,

not being a member of the section,

dying or becoming permanently resident outside the United Kingdom, the

1928.

National Health Ch. 14.

Insurance Act, 1928.

amount standing to his credit in the

Deposit Contributors Fund, if and so

far as not applied under the foregoing

sections of this Act which make provision in the case of persons resident

out of the United Kingdom;

"(iv) any interest credited to*the

Deposit Contributors Fund in the

accounts of the fund for any period

subsequent to the thirty-first day of

December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven:

" (e) Provision may be made by regulations as to the administration of benefits of

members of the said section, and for applying

to the said section and to the members of

that section, subject to the prescribed

modifications, adaptations, and exceptions,

the provisions of this Act relating to

approved societies and to members and

membership of and transfers to and from

approved societies, and for excepting from

their application to members of the said

section any of the provisions of this Act

relating to deposit contributors:

" (/) If on a valuation of the section a

deficiency is disclosed, the deficiency, so far

as not made good out of the contingencies

fund of the section, shall be made good out

of the Central Fund; and if on any valuation of the section a surplus is disclosed, the

surplus shall be transferred to the Central

Fund; and subject as aforesaid the provisions of this Act as to the Contingencies

Fund and the Central Fund shall apply

as if the section were a society and the

members thereof members of a society:

" (g) Regulations may provide for enabling the Minister, if the state of health

of any member of the section is no longer

such as to disqualify him for admission

to an approved society, to terminate his

membership of the section.

55

56

Ch. 14.

Amendment

of s. 56 of

principal

Act as to

married

women.

Amendment

of ss. 62 and

64 of

principal

Act aa to

mercantile

marine.

National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance Act, 1928.

" (4) The interest credited to the Deposit Contributors Fund in the accounts of the fund up to

and including the thirty-first day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, shall be

transferred to the Reserve Suspense Fund."

, 12.—(1) For sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fifty-six of the

principal Act (which relates to married women) the

’ ollowing paragraphs shall be substituted:

" (i) sickness benefit for an aggregate of not

more than six weeks in the period of twelve

months commencing next after the date of unemployment, or if the date of unemployment was

anterior to the date of her marriage, within so

much of that period as is subsequent to her

marriage; and for the purposes of this paragraph

the first disease or disablement in respect of which

such sickness benefit is payable shall not be deemed

to be a continuation of any previous disease or

disablement; ' t - ,

" (ii) A single maternity benefit irrespective

of arrears in respect of her first confinement after

the date of unemployment (or, if the date of

unemployment was anterior to the date of her

marriage, after the date of her marriage) and

within two years from the date of her marriage."

(2) For the proviso to subsection (2) of the same

section the following proviso shall be substituted:

" Provided that in calculating the said period

of eight weeks no account shall be taken of any

period during which she was incapable of work

by reason of some specifio disease or bodily or

mental disablement of which notice is given within

the prescribed time, or of any period with respect

to which she proves that she was available for

but unable to obtain employment."

13.—(1) At the end of section sixty-two of the

principal Act (which relates to the benefits and contributions of seamen) the following subsection shall be

inserted:

" (7) Regulations shall be made providing that

contributions payable in respect of masters and

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch. 14.

57

' seamen who are neither domiciled nor have a

place of residence in the United Kingdom, and of

masters and seamen serving in foreign-going ships

who have such a domicile or place of residence,

shall, subject to the retention thereout of the sums

to be retained by the Minister under section sixty-

seven of this Act as modified by the last foregoing

subsection of this section, be paid into a separate

account, and for the application of the sums

carried to that account, so as to provide—

(a) for the application thereof in the first

instance in satisfaction of claims thereto of

approved societies and deposit contributors;

(b) for the payment of the expenses of the administration of the system;

(c) for making payments for the like

purposes as the purposes for which payments may be made under subsection (2)

of section sixty-eight of this Act as amended

by any subsequent enactment, and of

amounts corresponding to the amounts

paid thereunder;

(d) for carrying the residue (subject to

the foregoing sections of this Act which

make provision for the case of persons

resident outside the United Kingdom) to

the seamen’s special fund."

(2) For subsection (1) of section sixty-four of the

principal Act the following subsection shall be substituted:

" (1) For the purposes of this Act, there shall

be constituted a special fund to be called ‘the

seamen’s special fund

(3) Masters and seamen, whether insured persons or

not, shall be eligible for benefits under the scheme regulating the provision of benefits out of the seamen’s

special fund, and accordingly in subsection (4) of section

Sixty-four of the principal Act the words "being members

of approved societies " shall be repealed.

(4) For subsection (5) of section sixty-four of the

principal Act (which relates to the cost of benefits under

58

Amendment

of s. 71 of

principal

Act as to

investments.

Amendment

of s. 73 of

principal Act

as to audit of

administra-

tion accounts

of approved

societies.

Amend .nent

of s. 75 of

principal

Act as to

disposal of

surpluses.

Ch. 14. National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance Act, 1928.

the said scheme) the following subsection shall, be

substituted:

" (5) The cost of any benefits under the said

scheme and the expenses of administering those

benefits shall be paid out of the seamen’s special

fund and no part thereof shall be paid out of

moneys provided by Parliament."

14. The following subsection shall be inserted after

subsection (2) s of section seventy-one of the principal Act

(which relates to transactions between the Minister and

approved societies):—

" (2a) Regulations may be made under this Act enabling the Minister, in the case of approved

societies which transact business other than business under this Act, or which are separate sections

of other bodies, and under whose rules investments

arising out of business under this Act are made

in the names of the persons in whose names

investments arising out of business other than

business under this Act are, jnade, to require that

any investments of sums paid to the society for

investment under this section shall, unless made

in the names of the trustees of the society as

trustees of the National Health Insurance funds

of the society, be made in, or, in the case of an

investment made before the date when regulations come into force, be transferred to, the joint

names of the Minister and two or more of the

trustees of the society or, if the society so requests,

in or to the name of the Minister alone."

15. In subsection (1) of section seventy-three of the principal Act (which provides for a separate account

being kept of the administration expenses of approved

societies and branches) after the words "that society

or branch " there shall be inserted the words "and for

" applying to the audit of expenditure out of that

" separate account the provisions of the Fourth Schedule

" to this Act subject to the necessary modifications."

16. —(1) After subsection (1) of section seventy-five

of the principal Act (which relates to the application of

surpluses) the following subsections shall be inserted:—

" (1a) The duration of the scheme shall be

such as may have been previously fixed by the

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch. 14.

59

' Minister, but may be extended by the Minister

from time to time, and the valuer in determining

the amount of the surplus which is disposable shall

treat as disposable such part only of the surplus

as in his opinion may reasonably, having regard

to the circ ums tances and prospects of the society

or branch, be expended within the period of* the

duration of the scheme as so fixed or extended.

" (1b) Any such scheme may provide for

allocating out of the disposable surplus such

maximum sum as may be prescribed for the

purpose of making occasional subscriptions or

donations of an eleemosynary character to hospitals,

dispensaries or other charitable institutions, or for

the support of district nurses, or for the purposes

of medical research to institutions approved by the Minister; and where a scheme makes provision

for such expenditure, sums may, subject to £&iy

conditions imposed by the scheme and un til there

is found to be a deficiency in the funds of the

society or branch, be so expended, and shall be

treated as expenditure on benefits."

(2) For subsection (4) of the same section the

ioUowing subsection shall be substituted:

. W A member of a society or branch shall

not be entitled to an additional benefit unless

such conditions relating to the period of member-

smp of the society or branch as may be prescribed

Ms ^ase " 6Ct to that benefit are complied with in

(3) At the end of the same section the following

subsections shall be added and shall have effect as

respects schemes whether sanctioned before or after the

commencement of this Act:

; " (7)Regulations may be made with respect

to the administration of schemes under this section

and of any additional benefit, and with respect to

the arrangements for the provision of any service

or appliances towards the cost of which payment

may be made by way of additional benefit; and

any scheme providing for any additional benefit

shall, except so far as the Minister may otherwise

direct, have effect as if the regulations relating

60

Ch. 14.

National Health,

Insurance Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of s. 94 of

principal

Act as to

special

orders.

to the benefit were incorporated in the scheme,

and the provisions of the scheme made subject

thereto:

" Provided that such regulations shall not

restrict the right on the part of any insured person

to obtain treatment from any practitioner, clinic,

or other institution with whom arrangements with

respect to that form of treatment have been made

in accordance with the regulations.

" (8) When the Minister is satisfied that the

number of members of a society or branch who.

are or may become entitled to any additional

benefit under a scheme has since the scheme came

into operation increased to such an extent that

a further increase in the number of such members

would be likely to affect prejudicially the financial

position of the society or branch, the Minister

may by order direct that the society or branch

shall not without his consent accept as a member

of the society or branch during the period of the

operation of the scheme any person who is a

member of another society or branch."

(4) For the Third Schedule to the principal Act,

containing the list of additional benefits, the First

Schedule to this Act shall be substituted.

17. At the end of section ninety-four of the principal

Act (which contains rules as to the making of special

orders) the following subsections shall be inserted:—

" (7) As soon as the Minister has published

notice of the proposal to make a special order he

may, if he certifies that it is expedient that the

special order should come into operation forthwith, make the special order to "come into operation forthwith as a provisional special order, but

such provisional special order shall only continue

in force until the special order made in accordance

with the foregoing provisions of this section has

come into force.

(8) Any provisional special order made in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may

be after it is made, and if within the subsequent

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch. 14.

61

‘twenty-one days on which that House has sat next

after any such provisional special order is laid

before it either of those Houses presents an

address to His Majesty against the order or any

part thereof the order shall be annulled, but

without prejudice to the validity of anything

previously done thereunder."

18— (1) If any person, for the purpose of avoiding Amendment

any payment to be made by himself under the principal

Act or of enabling any other person to avoid any such principa i

payment, knowingly makes any false statement or false Act aa to

representation, he shall be guilty of an offence under offences,

subsection (1) of section ninety-six of the principal

Act, and accordingly in that subsection, after the words

" for any other person " there shall be inserted the

words " or if for the purpose of avoiding any payment

to be made by himself under this Act or of enabling $ny

other person to avoid any such payment."

(2) At the end of subsection (2) of section ninety-six

of the principal Act the following paragraph shall be

added :—

" If the employer, being a company, fails to

pay to the Minister any sum which it has been

ordered to pay under this subsection, that sum

or such part thereof as remains unpaid shall be a

debt due to the Minister jointly and severally

from any directors of the company who knew, or

could reasonably be expected to have known, of the failure or neglect to pay the contribution or

contributions in question, and proceedings for the

recovery of the said sum summarily as a civil

debt may be commenced at any time within

twelve months from the date of the order for

payment made on the company."

(3) If any person is convicted of an offence under

subsection (3) of section ninety-six of the principal Act

he may be sentenced to a term of imprisonment not

exceeding three months, and accordingly in that subsection after the words "twenty pounds " there shall be

inserted the words "or to imprisonment for a term not

" exceeding three months with or without hard labour,

or to both such fine and imprisonment."

62 Ch. 14. National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 6.

Insurance Act, 1928.

(4) In subsection (1) of section ninety-seven of the

principal Act paragraph (a) shall be omitted, and in

paragraph (b ), for the words "within the time prescribed

" by any such enactment as aforesaid " there shall be

substituted the words "within one year from the date

" of the commission of the alleged offence."

Amendment 19. For the purpose of extending from four to

principal 0 twelve months the period contributions in respect of

Act, &c. as which are to be included as debts to which priority is

topreferen- given by the enactments relating to bankruptcy and

tial pay- the winding up of companies, the words "twelve

ments. months " shall be substituted for the words "four

. months" in the following enactments; that is to

say,

(a) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and six of the principal Act:

' (b) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty-

four of the principal Act:

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 69.

3 & 4 Geo. 6.

c. 20.

(c) Paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section thirty-

three of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914:

(d) Paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section one

hundred and eighteen of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

Amendment of

Schedule I.

to principal

Act as to employments

within the

meaning of

that Act.

20. The following paragraphs shall be added to

Part I of the First Schedule to the principal Act (which

specifies the employments within the meaning of the

Act):—

" (/) Employment in the United Kingdom by

way of manual labour under a contract for the

performance of such labour for the purposes of any

trade or business, except in so far as such employments excluded by a special order.

" The person for the purposes of whose trade

or business the labour is performed shall, in relation to the person performing the labour, be

deemed to be the employer of that person for the

purposes of this Act.

" (g) Employment' as master or a member of the crew of any fishing or other vessel registered

in the United Kingdom, or of any other British

vessel of which the owner, or if there is more than

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch. 14.

63

‘one owner the managing owner or manager, resides

or has his principal place of business in the United

Kingdom, when the person so employed is remunerated by a share in the profits or gross earnings

of the vessel, except in so far as such employment

is excluded by special order.

" The owner of the vessel, or if there is shore

than one owner the managing owner or manager,

shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be

the employer; but a special order may—

(a) modify in the case of persons so

employed, or any class of such persons

specified in the order, the provisions of this Act restricting the right of deducting or

otherwise recovering the employer’s contribution;

(b) provide that as respects any persons

so employed, or any class of such persons

specified in the order, a person specified in

the order shall, instead of the owner,

managing owner, or manager, be deemed to

be the employer."

Heala'lmuranef Act*" 1 ° f - *, he N, ati0I ! al Amendment

aTmlipfltinr. XT 1926 (wiucl1 provides for the of 16 & 17

f •, c f purposes of sums which under Geo. 6.0.9.

section sixty-eight of the principal Act are to be carried 8 ' 4 ‘

" suspension of*benefit]^ 21 to *° reduction or

22.— (1) The amendments specified in the second at-

column of the Second Schedule to this Act (wMoh relato Mend

to mm° r or consequential details) shall be made i the <4

of thaTs°che& rm01P SPe0lfied itt the

repeals.

+ a T ? 6 eG ctments mentioned in the Third Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the i

the third column of that Schedtde eXtent 6peclfied m

64 Ch. 14. National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance Act y 1928.

Transitional 23. Regulations may be made under the principal

regulations. Act providing in the case of any persons who are insured

or entitled to medical benefit on the thirty-first day of

December, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and

whose position is affected by any of the provisions

thereof for the transition from the provisions of the

11 & 12 principal Act and the National Health Insurance (Pro-

Geo. 6. c. 66. longation of Insurance) Act, 1921, affecting them to the

provisions of the principal Act as amended by the provisions of this Act.

24.—(1) This Act, so far as it relates to matters

with respect to which the Parliament of Northern '

Ireland has power to make laws, shall not extend to

Northern Ireland unless and until ^provision to that

effect is made either—

(a) by Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

or

(b) by an Order of the Governor of Northern

Ireland in Council made in pursuance of such

an Act. >ii

(2) Upon this Act being so extended to Northern

Ireland as aforesaid, it shall apply to Northern Ireland

subject to the following modifications :—

(a) The amendments of sections ninety-six and

ninety-seven of the principal Act shall not

apply:

(b) The new paragraph (d) to be added to subsection (2) of section fifty-four of the principal

Act shall have effect as if after the words

" medical benefit " therein there were inserted

the words "and sanatorium benefit."

10 & 11 (3) For the purposes of section six of the Govem-

Geo. 6. c. 67. ment of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall be deemed to

be an Act passed before the appointed day.

Short title, 25. —(1) This Act may be cited as the National

construction Health Insurance Act, 1928, and the National Health,

and com- Insurance Acts, 1924 and 1926, and this Act may be cited

mencemen . together as the National Health Insurance Acts, 1924

to 1928.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the

principal Act.

Application

to Northern

Ireland.

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch. 14.

(3) Section two, subsection (2) of section eleven and

section twelve of this Act shah come into operation on

the seventh day of January, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, but save as aforesaid tins Act shall come

into operation on the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine.

65

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 16.

(To be substituted for Third Schedule to the

principal Act.)

Additional Benefits.

1. An increase of sickness benefit and disablement benefit.

2. The payment of sickness benefit from the first day of

incapacity.

3. An increase of maternity benefit.

4. Allowances to a member during convalescence from some

disease or disablement.

6. Payments to or on behalf of members who are in want or

distress.

6. Payments to members not allowed to attend work on

account of infection.

7. Repayment of the whole or any part of contributions

payable under this Act by members of the society or any class

thereof.

8. The payment of the whole or any part of the cost of

medical or surgical advice or treatment by any registered medical

practitioner, not being advice or treatment within the scope of

any other additional benefit or of medical benefit, under a

special scheme approved by the Minister for the purpose.

9. The payment of the whole or any part of the cost of the provision of dental treatment.

10. Payments to hospitals in respect of the maintenance and

treatment therein of members, and the payment of the whole or

any part of the travelling expenses incurred by or in respect of

members in travelling to and from hospitals.

E

66

Is SCH,

— cord.

Section 22.

Ch. 14. National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance Act, 1928.

11. The payment of the whole, or any part of the cost of

maintenance and treatment of members in convalescent homes,

and the payment of the whole or any part of the travelling expenses

incurred by or in respect of members in travelling to and from

convalescent homes.

12. The provision of premises suitable for convalescent homes

and i/he maintenance of such homes.

13. The payment of the whole or any part of the cost of

medical and surgical appliances, other than dental and optical

appliances and those provided as part of medical benefit.

14. The payment of the whole or any part of the cost of the provision of ophthalmic treatment (other than as provided as

part of medical benefit) and the whole or any part of the cost of

optical appliances.

16. The payment of the whole or any part of the cost of the

provision of nurses for members.

16. Payments to approved charitable institutions in respect

of any treatment of members required for the prevention or

cure of disease, not being treatment within the scope of any

other additional benefit or of medical benefit.

17. Such other additional benefits, "' being of a character

similar to that Of any of those hereinbefore mentioned, as may

be prescribed.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Minor and Consequential Amendments oe the

Principal, Act.

National Health

Insurance Act,

1924.

Section 1 - At the end of subsection (3) the following

words shall be inserted:

" Regulations may provide for determining the date as from which a person

who has elected to become a voluntary

contributor is to be treated for any

purpose of' this Act as a voluntary

contributor."

Section 3 In proviso (a) to subsection (1) for the words

" until the expiration of twelve months

from the date on which he ceased to be

employed as aforesaid, " there shall be

substituted the words "until the date on

which he would but for this proviso have

ceased to be insured."

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act,

1924.

Section 9

Section 10

Section 12

Section 13

Section 14

National Health Ch. 14. 67

Insurance Act, 1928.

2nd Sch.

—c ont ,

In subsection (2), after the words "any

contribution paid " there shall be inserted

the words "or, in the case of a master or

seaman serving on a foreign-going ship,

due to be paid."

In subsection (2), after the words "sufficient

medicines, " there shall be inserted the

words " including such chemical reagents

as may be prescribed."

In proviso (b) to subsection (5), for the

words " one hundred and sixty pounds "

there shall be substituted the words

"two hundred and fifty pounds."

In subsection (4) for the words "was not

reasonably able to give" there, shall b e

substituted the words "had a reasonable

excuse for not giving, " and for the words

" inability to give " there shall be substituted the words "that he had a reasonable excuse for not giving."

In subsection (5), after the word "shall, "

there shall be inserted the words "for

the purpose of the provisions of this Act relating to sickness and disablement

benefits."

In subsection (6) for the words "for the

purpose of determining the rate and

duration of benefit " there shall be substituted the words "for the purpose of the

last foregoing subsection."

Subsection (9) shall be omitted.

At the end of the section the following

subsection shall be added :—

" (8) Maternity benefit in respect of any

confinement shall not be payable unless

a claim for the benefit is made by or on

behalf of the person entitled thereto

within six months after the confinement,

or, where the insured person is a man of the forces and the confinement takes

place outside the United Kingdom, within

twelve months after the confinement.

" Provided that if the society or committee administering the benefit are

68

Ch. 14.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch.

— zont.

National Health

Insurance Act,

1924.

Section 14— cont. satisfied, or if in the case of a dispute it is

decided in manner provided by this Act,

that in the circumstances of the case it was

not reasonably possible for a claim for the

benefit to have been made within the

proper time, the benefit shall be payable."

Section 16 - In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) after the

words " otherwise payable to that person "

there shall be inserted the words "unless

and except so far' as such weekly or lump

sum is irrecoverable "; and after the

words " with the weekly sum or the weekly

value of the lump sum " there shall be

inserted the words "if and so far as such

weekly or lump sum is recoverable ";

and paragraph, (c) of the same subsection

shall be omittfed. '

At the end of subsection (5) the following

paragraph shall be added :—

" For the purposes of this subsection a

person against whom a claim for damages

or compensation has been made shall be

deemed to be a person liable to pay

compensation or damages if he has agreed

to pay a sum in composition of the claim,

notwithstanding that he does not admit

liability, and the sum payable under the

agreement shall be deemed to be compensation or damages."

Section 17 - In paragraph (6) of subsection (2), for the

words " may be applied at the discretion

of the society or committee administering

the benefit" there shall be substituted

the words "may at the discretion of the

society or committee administering the

benefit be applied"; and the words "may

at the discretion of the society or committee" shall be omitted.

Section 19 - In proviso (a) to subsection (1) after the

words " maternity benefit " there shall

be inserted the words "for a period of

six months from the date on which he

becomes so temporarily resident, or, if

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928,

Ch. 14.

69

National, Health

Insurance Act,

1924.

Section 19 —cont the society or committee by which the

benefit is administered thinks fit to allow

a longer period, for such longer period, "

and for the words "the insured person "

there shall be substituted the word "he."

In proviso (c) to subsection (1) for the words

" to continue to receive sickness or

disablement benefit " there shall be substituted the words "to receive sickness

or disablement benefit if the incapacity

commenced prior to his becoming temporarily resident outside the United King-

dom."

Section 22 - In subsection (3), after the words "maternity benefit " there shall be inserted the

words " or any additional benefit."

section 30 - At the end of subsection (1) the following

words shall be added—" or any persbn

who is a man of the forces and who

immediately prior to his entry or enlistment was not resident in any national

area in respect of which the society is an

approved society."

Section 43 - At the end the following subsection shall

be added :—

" (7) In the case of a member of an

approved society or branch applying for

an assisted passage under any scheme

approved by the Minister after consultation

with the Secretary of State concerned,

such sum as may be prescribed in respect

of the cost of any medioal examination

necessary for obtaining the passage, and

of the issue of the appropriate certificate,

may be paid out of the Reserve Suspense

Fund."

section 54 - In subsection (1), for the words "has been

expelled or has resigned therefrom, "

there shall be substituted the words "has

been expelled therefrom or has terminated his membership thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Act."

At the end of subsection (2) the following

paragraph shall be added:

" (d) authorising in the prescribed

cases, and notwithstanding anything con-

2nd Sch.

— cont.

70

Ch. 14.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

2xd Sch. National Health

— cont. Insurance Act,

1924.

Section 54— cont. tained in this section, the charges for

medical benefit and the administration of

benefits for past periods, and the adjustment and apportionment of such charges,

to be made on such basis as may be

prescribed."

- In subsection (3) after the words "becomes

employed " when they first occur there

shall be inserted the words "or after the

death of her husband becomes a voluntary

contributor, " after the words "becomes

employed " where'"they secondly occur

there shall be inserted the words "or

becomes a voluntary contributor" and

after the words "becoming employed "

there shall be inserted the words "or

becoming a voluntary contributor."

* In subsection (4) for the words "For the

purposes of this section, marine’includes every warrant officer of marines

except Royal Marine gunners " there shall

be substituted the words "For the purposes of this section the expressions

‘ seaman/ ‘ marine’and ‘ airman do not

include a native or a Maltese enrolled or

recruited outside the British Islands."

Section 59 - In paragraph (e) of subsection (1), the

words " at the ordinary rates " shall be

omitted.

Section 60 - In proviso (i) to subsection (1), after the

words " of this Act, " there shall be inserted

the words "or been engaged in some

regular occupation." ~

In proviso (ii) to the same subsection, after

the words "so employed " there shall be

inserted the words "or engaged."

In the last paragraph of the same subsection

after the words "deemed to have been

employed " there shall be inserted the

words " or engaged as aforesaid, " and

after the words "in respect of the employment " there shall be inserted the words

" or regular occupation in which he was

engaged."

Section 56

Section 57

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch..14.

71

National Health.

Insurance Act,

1924.

Section 62

Section 64

Section 78

Section 81

Section 97

Section 132 -

In the proviso to subsection (1), for the

words " may, if the master or seaman

has dependants, be, paid in whole or

part" there shall be substituted the words

" shall, if the master or seaman has

dependants, be paid, in whole or in p&rt at

the discretion of the society or committee

by which the benefit is administered."

For subsection (2) of section sixty-four of the

principal Act the following subsection

shall be substituted :—

" (2) The seamen’s special fund shall

be vested in and administered by a body

or bodies constituted in accordance with

a scheme to be prepared by the joint

committee, after consultation with the

Board of Trade, and comprising persons

representing shipowners and masters and

seamen:

" Provided that at least one half of the

governing body shall be representative of

all classes of persons entitled to benefits

out of the fund."

In subsection (3) the words "where an

inquiry as to excessive sickness is pending

under this Act" shall be omitted.

In subsection (6), for the words "seventy

years of age " there shall be substituted

the words "sixty-five years of age."

After the words "not being a society with

branches " there shall be inserted the

words " or a branch of an approved

society "; and after the words "two

branches " there shall be inserted the

words " and to the branch as if the

branch consisted of two branches."

In subsection (2), after the words "shall be

liable " there shall be inserted the words

" under subsection (2) of section ninety-six

of this Act."

At the end of subsection (1), the following

definition shall be inserted :—

"‘Committee of management’ in

relation to an approved society or branch

2nd Sch.

— cont.

72

Ch. 14.

National Health 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Insurance Act, 1928.

2nd Sch. National Health

— cont. Insurance Act,

1924.

Section 132— cont. includes the governing body of the society

i or branch by whatever name known."

" ‘ Charitable institution 5 means any

charitable institution which the Minister

is satisfied is ordinarily and to a substantial extent supported from sources

other than public funds and payments out

of funds of approved societies under this Act; and ‘Approved charitable institution’means a charitable institution as so

defined which is approved by the Minister

for the purposes of this Act."

After subsection (1) the following new subsection shall be inserted :—

" (la) For the purposes of this Act a

person shall be deemed to be available for

but unable to obtain employment within

the meaning of this Act during any week

in respect of which hP proves that for the

purposes of the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, 1920 to 1927, he was, or would if he

had been insured under those Acts have

been, deemed to be unemployed."

Fourth Schedule In paragraph 1 of Part I, for the word

" misconduct " there shall be substituted

the words "wrongful act "; and in paragraph 2 thereof after the words "within

thirty days after the date of the auditor’s

certificate, " there shall be inserted the

words " or within such further period as

the Minister may (on special cause shown,

and subject to such conditions as he

may determine), allow."

In paragraph 1 of Part II> for the word

"misconduct" there shall be substituted

the words "wrongful act "; and at the

end thereof the following proviso shall be

inserted :—

" Provided that no such interim report

shall be made with respect to any item of

account sanctioned by the Board."

1928.

National Health

Insurance Act, 1928.

Ch. 14.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 66.

The National Health Insurance

(Prolongation of Insurance)

Act, 1921.

The whole Act.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. The National Health Insurance

c. 38. Act, 1924.

Subsection (4) of

section twelve.

The proviso to subsection (2) of section sixty-eight.

Subsection (5) of

section seventy-

five.

In subsection (3\ of

section one hundred and seventeen

the words "or towards benefits payable to persons

under the scheme

prepared in pursuance of section

sixty-four of this Act " and the

words " and the

seamen’s special

fund."

15 & 16 Geo. 5. The Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

c. 70. Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925.

Subsection (2) of

section two.

Subsection (5) of

section thirteen.

In section thirty,

paragraph (g) of

subsection (1), and

subsection (2).

Section

74

Ch. 15.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 37.

Bankers (Northern Ireland) 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to .reduce and re-apportion the aggregate

amount of the fiduciary bank-note issues of

banks in Northern Ireland, and to restrict the

circulation in Northern Ireland of notes issued

■ outside the United Kingdom, and otherwise to

amend the Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845, in its

application to Northern Ireland.

[2nd July 1928.]

WHEREAS by virtue of certificates issued under

section eight of the Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845,

the aggregate amount of bank-notes which banks in

Ireland are authorised to issue in excess of the amount

of bank notes issued by them against gold and silver

coin and other currency held by those banks was fixed

at six millions, three hundred and "fifty-four thousand, '

four hundred and ninety-four pounds, and such authorised

excess issues are hereinafter referred to as " fiduciary note

issues ":

And whereas, by an Act of the Parliament of the

Irish Free State, called " the Currency Act, 1927, " provision is made for the issue within the Irish Free State

of currency and bank-notes, and the issue in the Irish

Free State of bank-notes other than those authorised by

that Act is, from a date (in that Act referred to as " the

appointed day "), prohibited:

And whereas, in consequence of the passing of the

said Currency Act, 1927, it is necessary that the aggregate amount of the fiduciary note issues in Northern

Ireland should be reduced:

And whereas the banks specified in the Schedule to

this Act are the banks carrying on banking business in

Northern Ireland which are entitled to fiduciary note

issues, and those banks have agreed with one another

and with the Treasury that the aggregate fiduciary note

issues in Northern Ireland should be reduced to one

million, six hundred and thirty-four thousand pounds,

and that that amount should be apportioned amongst

the several banks in manner shown in the Schedule to

this Act:

1928.

4

Bankers {Northern Ireland)

Act, 1928.

Ch. 15.

75

And whereas it is expedient to give effect to the

said agreement, and to restrict the putting into circulation in Northern Ireland of bank and other notes forming

part of the currency of any country outside the United

Kingdom, and otherwise to amend the Bankers (Ireland)

Act, 1845, in its application to Northern Ireland:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The amount of the fiduciary note issues of the several banks mentioned in the first column of the

Schedule to this Act shall be that specified in the second

column of that Schedule; and the Bankers (Ireland)

Act, 1845, shall, in its application to Northern Ireland,

have effect as if those amounts had been the amounts

certified in respect of the several banks under section

eight of that Act: Provided that where by virtue of this

subsection a bank is required to reduce its fiduciary note

issue the reduction may be effected at any time within

the period of six months next after the commencement

of this Act by such stages as the Treasury may approve.

(2) The bank-notes which any such bank is by the

Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845, as amended by this Act,

authorised to issue shall be in addition to any bank-notes

which the bank is by any law for the time being in force

the Irish Free State authorised to issue within the

Irish Free State.

2. It shall not be lawful for a banker in Northern

Ireland to pay out or put in circulation any bank or

other notes forming part of the currency of any country

outside the United Kingdom, except in such circumstances and to such extent as the Treasury may by any

general or special licence authorise; and if any banker

pays out or puts into circulation any notes in contravention of this section, he shall for each such note be

hable to forfeit the sum of five pounds.

, T 3. For the purposes of the provisions of the Bankers

Ureland) Act, 1845, which relate to the issue of banknotes against gold and silver coin, there shall not be

eluded any gold or silver coin held by a banker at any

thee outside the United Kingdom.

Limit on

fiduciary

note issues

in Northern

Ireland.

Restriction

on putting

in circulation notes

issued out of the United

Kingdom.

Issues of

notes

against

coins.

76

Short title,

construction

and commencement.

Section 1.

Ch. 15, 16. Bankers (Northern Ireland) 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Bankers

(Northern Ireland) Act, 1928, and shall be construed as

one with the Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845, and that Act

and this Act may be cited together as the Bankers

(Northern Ireland) Acts, 1845 and 1928.

. (2) In the Bankers (Ireland) Act, 1845, references

to the Dublin Gazette shall be construed as references to

the Belfast Gazette.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on such date

as the Treasury may by notice in the Belfast Gazette

certify to be the date fixed under the said Currency Act,

1927, to be the appointed day for the purposes of section

sixty of that Act.

SCHEDULE.

Bank.

Amount of

Fiduciary Issue.

The Bank of Ireland -

The Provincial Bank of Ireland, Limited

The National Bank, Limited

The Belfast Banking Company, Limited

The Ulster Bank, Limited -

The Northern Banking Company, Limited

410,000

220,000

120,000

350,000

290,000

244,000

Total. 1, 634,000

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to settle and secure an annuity upon

the Right Honourable John Henry Whitley in

consideration of his eminent services.

[3rd August 1928.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of

Great Britain and Northern Ireland did, by an

humble address to Your Majesty, pray Your Majesty

that You would be graciously pleased to confer some

signal mark of Your Royal Favour upon the Right

1928. Mr. Speaker's Retirement Ch. 16. 77

Act, 1928.

Honourable John Henry Whitley, Speaker of the House

of Commons, for his eminent services during the important period in which he had with such distinguished

ability and dignity presided in the Chair of the House,

and did assure Your Majesty that whatever expense

Your Majesty should think fit to be incurred upon that

account the said House would make good the same /

And whereas Your Majesty, in answer to the said

address, was graciously pleased to declare that Your

Majesty was desirous, in compliance with the wishes of

your faithful Commons, to confer upon the said Right

Honourable John Henry Whitley some signal mark of

Your Royal Favour, but as the same could not be effectually granted and secured -without the concurrence of

Parliament, Your Majesty recommended to the House of

Commons the adoption of such measures as might be

necessary for the accomplishment of that purpose:

Now we. Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal

subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland, in Parliament assembled,

have resolved that the annual sum of four thousand

pounds be granted to Your Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, to begin upon the

day upon which the Right Honourable John Henry

Whitley, late Speaker of the House of Commons, ceased

to hold the office of Speaker of the House of Commons,

to be settled in the most beneficial manner upon, and

to continue during the life of, him the said Right Honour?

able John Henry Whitley, and do most humbly beseech

Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. One annuity of four thousand pounds shall be Annuity of

charged upon and payable quarterly out of the Consoli- 4 >000 1. to

dated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing I 5 . 6

Produce thereof, to the Right Honourable John Henry Honourable

Whitley, dining his natural life, beginning on the day John Henry

Upon which he ceased to hold the office of Speaker of the Whitley.

Rouse of Commons:

Provided that one half of the annuity shall abate

?pd be suspended during any period that the said Right

Ronourable John Henry Whitley hereafter holds any

78

Ch. 16, 17. Mr. Speaker's Retirement 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

Short title.

Duty on

tea.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. o. 32.

place, office or employment under His Majesty of equal

or greater amount in salary, profits or emolument than

the amount of the annuity.

2. This Act may be cited as Mr. Speaker’s Retirement Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and

Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter

other duties, and to amend the law relating to

Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise)

and the National Debt, and to make further

provision in connection with finance.

[3rd August 1928.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland in Parliament assembled,

towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your

Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to

the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved

to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as

follows:—

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1. The customs duty at the rate of fourpence per

pound which is payable on tea until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, shall (subject to the

provisions contained in section eight of the Finance Act,

1919, with respect to imperial preferential rates of duty),

continue to be charged until - the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

79

2.-*-(l) A customs duty at the rate of fourpence per

gallon shall be payable on all hydrocarbon oils imported

into the United Kingdom on or after the twenty-fifth

day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and

on all hydrocarbon oils so imported before that date and

landed therein on or after that date.

(2) An excise duty at the rate of fourpence per gallon

shall be payable on all petroleum oils which on the

twenty-fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, were in the United Kingdom and in the ownership

or possession of any person who on that date held more

than ten thousand gallons thereof.

(3) There shall be allowed from the duties a rebate

at the rate of fourpence per gallon on the delivery for

home consumption of any goods other than light oils.

For the purposes of this subsection the expression

light oils" means hydrocarbon oils of which not less

than fifty per cent, by volume distils at a temperature

not exceeding one hundred and eighty-five degrees centigrade, or of which not less than ninety-five per cent, by

volume distils at a temperature not exceeding two hundred

and forty degrees centigrade, or which give off an inflam-.

niable vapour at a temperature of less than 22-8 degrees

centigrade when tested in manner prescribed by the Acts

relating to petroleum.

The method of testing oils for the purpose of ascertaining whether they comply with the foregoing provisions

relating to the distillation of a certain volume thereof at

a certain temperature shall be such as the Commissioners

ma y prescribe.

(4) The excise duty shall not be payable—

(a) in respect of any petroleum oils which are

shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been used before the eighth

day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, by the person in whose ownership or

possession they were, or to have been owned

on the said twenty-fifth day of April by a

person whose stocks of such oils (excluding

any oils used by him as aforesaid) were on

that date in the aggregate not more than

ten thousand gallons; or

Duties on

hydrocarbon oils.

80

Cn. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(b) in respect of any hydrocarbon oils which are

shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been already charged with

the customs duty or the excise duty.

(5) In the case of hydrocarbon oils in or removed

to a refinery the duties shall be charged on the delivery

of any goods from the refinery and shall be the same

as those which would be payable on the importation

of like' goods, and there shall be allowed the same

rebate as would be allowed on importation.

(6) A drawback equal to the amount of the duty

shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to

have been paid in respect of the goods in question shall

be allowed on the exportation from the United Kingdom

or the shipment or deposit in a bonded warehouse for

use as ships’ stores of any hydrocarbon oils, or of any

article in which there is contained any hydrocarbon oil

which was used as an ingredient in the manufacture or

preparation thereof, and on the loading into any aircraft

of any such oils or articles for use on a voyage to a place

outside the United Kingdom.

(7) The provisions contained in the First Schedule

to this Act shall have effect with respect to the duties

and to the drawbacks.

(8) If, on an application made for the purposes of this subsection by the owner of a fishing boat entered

in the fishing boat register, it appears to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners that the applicant has at any time

within the period of six months preceding the date of

his application, or within such longer period preceding

that date as the Commissioners may in any special case

allow, used any quantity of hydrocarbon oil on board

the boat, he shall be entitled to obtain-from the Commissioners repayment of any duty which has been paid

in respect of the oil so used:

Provided that—

(a) an application for the purposes of this subsection must be made in such manner as the

Commissioners may prescribe; and

(b) no person who has previously made an application under this subsection for repayment

of duty shall be entitled to make a further

application until the expiration of at least

three months from the date on which the

last preceding application was made.

, 1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

81

In this subsection the expression "fishing boat"

means a boat used for the purposes of fishing by a

person gaining a substantial part of his livelihood

thereby.

(9) In this Act the expression "hydrocarbon oils "

means petroleum oils, coal tar, and oils' produced from

c oal, shale, peat or any other bituminous substance, and

all liquid hydrocarbons. °

(10) In this section and the next following section

of this Act and in the First Schedule to this Act—

The expressions " the customs duty " and " the

excise duty " mean respectively the customs duty

and the excise duty payable under this section:

The expression "the duties" means the customs

duty and the excise duty:

The expression "the drawbacks" means the drawbacks to be allowed under this section: '

The expression "refinery" means any premises

approved by the Commissioners for the treatment

of hydrocarbon oils.

. 3.—(1) The Commissioners may by regulations under

this section—

(a) regulate the removal to a refinery without payment of duty of imported hydrocarbon oils;

(b) regulate or prohibit the removal to a refinery

of hydrocarbon oils which are not chargeable

with duty or in respect of which any rebate

of duty has been allowed;

(c) prohibit the. refining of hydrocarbon oils elsewhere than in a refinery;

(d) make provision for securing payment of the duty

on any imported hydrocarbon oils received into

a refinery, and regulate the manufacture and

storage of hydrocarbon oils in a refinery and

their removal therefrom;

(e) regulate the warehousing of hydrocarbon oils;

(f) apply to the duties or drawbacks any of the

provisions of the laws of customs or of excise.

to H any person acts in contravention of or fails

comply with any regulations made under this section,

F

Supplementary

provisions

in connection with

the duties

on hydrocarbon oils

82

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

he shall be liable, at the option of the Commissioners,

either to a customs penalty equal to three times the

value of the goods (including duty) in respect of which

the offence was committed, or to a customs penalty of

one hundred pounds, and the goods in respect of which

the offence was committed shall be forfeited.

Duties,

drawbacks

and allowances on

sugar.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 36.

- 4. — (1) As from the commencement of this section

the customs duties in respect of sugar, molasses, glucose

and saccharin which are chargeable with duty at the full

rate shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be at

the rates specified in the second column of Part I. of the

Second Schedule to this Act instead of at the rates

theretofore in force, and section eight of the Finance

Act, 1925 (which makes provision with respect to the

preferential rates to be charged on sugar, molasses,

glucose and saccharin which are Empire products) shall

have effect as if the amounts specified in the third

column of Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act were

substituted for the amounts specified, in the second column

of Part I. of the Third Schedule to that Act.

(2) As from the commencement of this section

drawbacks shall be paid and allowances shall be made in

respect of sugar, molasses, glucose and saccharin in

accordance with the provisions set out in Part II. of the Second Schedule to this Act:

Provided that any reduction effected by this

subsection in the rates of any drawbacks and allowances

* shall not have effect in relation to any goods as respects

which it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

that duty was paid at the rates*in force before the

commencement of this section.

(3) The provisions contained in Part III. of the

Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect with

respect to the duties and drawbacks to be paid and

allowances to be made under this section.

(4) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the twenty-fifth day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight:

Provided that in the application of this section to

any duty charged on manufactured or prepared goods

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

83

under section seven of the Finance Act, 1901, the first

day of July shall be substituted for the twenty-fifth day

of April.

5. The excise duty on sweets imposed by section six

of the Finance Act, 1927, shall, as from the twenty-fifth

day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, be at

the rate of one shilling and sixpence instead of one

shilling for every gallon.

6. —(1) As from the twenty-eighth day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, the following duties

shall be payable on mechanical lighters :—

(a) a customs duty of sixpence on any mechanical

lighter imported into the United Kingdom and

on any component part of a mechanical lighter,

other than a flint;

(b) an excise duty of sixpence on every mechanical

lighter manufactured in the United Kingdom

which is complete or which could be made

complete by the addition of a flint, and on

every mechanical lighter sent out in an incomplete state from the premises of a manufacturer

of mechanical lighters:

Provided that the Commissioners may, subject to

such conditions (if any) as they think fit to impose,

exempt from duty under this section any mechanical

hghters which are shown to their satisfaction to be

tended to be used as parts of miners’ lamps, and the

c °mponent parts of any such mechanical lighters.

(2) In this section the expression "mechanical

er" means any mechanical or chemical contrivance

which is portable and is intended for producing a spark

° 1 ' flame, whether by itself or when brought into contact

hh gas.

(3) The Commissioners may make regulations—

(a) prohibiting the manufacture of mechanical

fighters (including the assembling of parts of

mechanical fighters, whether to form complete

mechanical lighters or not) except by persons

holding a licence and having made entry for

the purpose;

(b) for fixing the date of the expiration of licences

granted under the regulations;

1 Edw. 7.

o. 7.

Increased

excise duty

on Bweets.

17 & 18,

Geo. 5. o. 10.

Duties on

mechanical.

lighters..

84

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(c) for regulating (with a view to the securing

and collection of the excise duty imposed by

this section) the manufacture of mechanical

lighters and the removal thereof from a

manufactory;

(d) providing for the receipt by licensed manufacturers of mechanical lighters in an incomplete state and of parts of mechanical lighters

without payment of duty;

(e) for authorising the removal of mechanical

lighters or component parts thereof from the

premises of a licensed manufacturer for

export or for shipment as stores without

payment of duty.

(4) Provision may be made by regulations under

this section for applying to the excise duty on mechanical

lighters and to manufacturers of mechanical lighters any

enactments relating to any duty of excise or customs

and to persons carrying on any trade subject to the t

laws of excise.

(5) If any person—

(a) manufactures for sale a mechanical lighter

without paying duty in accordance with this

section; or

(b) being a manufacturer of mechanical lighters,

sends out from his premises without payment

of duty any mechanical lighters, whether

complete or incomplete; or

(c) acts in contravention of or fails to comply

with any regulation made under this section,

he shall be liable in respect of each offence to an excise

penalty of fifty pounds, and any article in respect of which

the offence was committed shall be forfeited.

7. — (1) Subject to compliance with such conditions

as the Commissioners may by regulations prescribe, any

negative cinematograph films which are certified by the

Board of Trade to satisfy the requirements of subsection (3)

of section twenty-seven of the Cinematograph Films Act,

1927 (which prescribes what films shall be deemed to be

British films for the purposes of that Act) and parts of

Reduction

of duty on

certain

negative

cinematograph films.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 29.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

85

any Sims so certified shall, for the purpose of the

customs duties charged on cinematograph films by

section three of the Finance Act, 1925, be treated as if

they were blank film.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had

effect as from the twenty-eighth day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight.

8.—(1) The customs duties imposed by subsection (1)

of section three of the Finance Act, 1925, on negative

and positive cinematograph films shall cease to be

payable in the case of a film which is certified by the

Royal Society of London for promoting Natural Knowledge to be solely an illustration of scientific investigation

for exhibition before members of a recognised scientific

body and which is imported only for the purpose of such

exhibition free of charge.

(2) If any person exhibits, otherwise than as aforesaid, any film which has been exempted from duty under

this section, he shall on summary conviction be liable in

respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty

Pounds.

9.—(1) During a period of five years beginning on

the twenty-eighth day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, a customs duty of an amount equal to

thirty-three and one-third per cent, of the value of the

goods shall be payable on buttons imported into the

United Kingdom.

(2) During a period of five years beginning on the

thirteenth day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-

ei gbt, a customs duty of an amount equal to twenty-five

Per cent, of the value of the goods shall be payable

n wrought enamelled hollow-ware imported into the

United Kingdom.

i (3) In this section the expression "buttons " means

nttons made of any material, and whether finished or

Unfinished, of a description commonly used for the

astening or decorating of wearing apparel or household

j^on, not being buttons forming part of any other

rtiele, and the expression "wrought enamelled hollow-

are’means wrought enamelled hollow-ware, whether

Exemption

of scientific

filma from

duty.

Custoifis

duties on

buttons and

enamelled

hollow-

ware.

86 Ch. 17. Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. d.

of iron or steel, of a description commonly used for

domestic purposes.

(4) Subsections (2), (3) and (4) of section one of the

15 & 16 Safeguarding of Industries (Customs Duties) Act, 1925,

Geo. 5. c. 79. shall apply to the goods chargeable with duty under

this section and to the duties imposed by this section as

they apply to the goods chargeable with duty under that

Act and to the duties imposed by that Act.

Power to 10. — (1) The Commissioners may direct that, subject

make regu- to compliance with such conditions for the protection of

ree° n t to^ revenue in respect of proof or security or otherwise

removal of as they may think proper to impose, whether by regula-

spirits from tions or 'otherwise, any of the provisions of the Spirits

certain Act, 1880, relating to the removal of spirits from the

premises or premises of a distiller, or rectifier of, or dealer in or

ho eT are retailer of spirits, or from a bonded warehouse, shall not

43 & 44V' t in case an y specified persons or classes of

c 24 10 persons, or shall apply only subject to any specified

modifications.

(2) If any person in whose case a direction is given

by the Commissioners under this section acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any regulations made

under this section which are applicable in his case, or

with any conditions imposed under this section in his

case, he shall for each offence be liable to an excise

penalty of one hundred pounds, and the spirits in respect

of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited.

Deposit in 11 .— (1) Subject to such regulations as the Corn-

warehouse missioners may prescribe, a brewer of beer for sale or

of beer for a dealer j n beer shall be entitled to deposit any beer

exportation. Qn w bj c h duty has been charged in a warehouse approved

by the Commissioners for the purpose of the beer being

exported or shipped as stores, and to add to the beer

in the warehouse finings for clarification or any other

substance sanctioned by the Commissioners for the

purpose of preparing the beer for exportation or use as

ships’ stores.

(2) Where the duty charged in respect of any beer

deposited in a warehouse under this section has been

paid, drawback shall be allowed and paid as if the

deposit of the beer in the warehouse were the exportation

thereof or the shipment thereof as stores.

1928. Finance Act, 1928. Ch. 17. 87

12. As from the first day of January, nineteen Alteration of

hundred and twenty-nine, section thirteen of the uoenoeHor

Finance Act, 1920 (which imposes duties of excise on certain classes

Mechanically propelled vehicles), shall have effect as if oluypro^iied

the rates of duties set out in the Third Schedule vehicles.

to this Act were substituted for the rates set out in i°& 11 Geo - 5 *

paragraphs 3 and 5 of the Second Schedule to the Finance °"

Act, 1920.

13. —(1) Where a mechanically propelled vehicle Licence

used for drawing a trailer has the trailer attached to it dut y on

by partial super-imposition, the vehicle and trailer shall, ated

for the purpose of determining the rate of the licence Chicles,

duty chargeable under the Second Schedule to the Finance

Act, 1920, be treated as if they together formed a single

vehicle and that vehicle were a vehicle used for drawing

a trailer.

(2) This section shall come into operation on the

first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

14. On and after the first day of October, nineteen Reduction

hundred and twenty-eight, the betting duty chargeable of betting

under Part II of the Finance Act, 1926, as amended by duty -

section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1927, shall be 16 & 17

reduced as follows, that is to say:— Geo. 6. c.22.

Where at the commencement of this Act

duty is chargeable at a rate equal to three-and-a-

half per centum of the amount paid, or offered,

or promised to be paid to, or to the order or for

the use of the bookmaker, the rate shall be

reduced to two per centum of that amount, and

where at the commencement of this Act duty is

chargeable at a rate equal to two per centum of

that amount the rate shall be reduced to one per

centum of that amount.

Part II.

Income Tax.

Charge of Tax and Miscellaneous.

Income tax for the year 1928-29 shall be Income tax

and super-

(a) at the standard rate of four shillings in the 1928 29 .

pound, and

(&) in the case of an individual whose total income

from all sources exceeds two thousand pounds,

. 15.—(1)

charged—

88

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

at the following higher rates in respect of the

excess over two thousand pounds :—

For every pound of the Four shillings and

' first five hundred ninepence.

pounds.of the excess.

For every pound of the Five shillings,

next five hundred

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Five shillings and

next one thousand sixpence,

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Six shillings and

next one thousand threepence,

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Seven shillings,

next one thousand

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Seven shillings and

next two thousand sixpence,

pounds of the excess. 1

For every pound of the Eight shillings,

next two thousand

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Eight shillings and

next five thousand sixpence,

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Nine shillings,

next five thousand

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Nine shillings and

next ten thousand sixpence,

pounds of the excess.

For every pound of the Ten shillings,

remainder of the excess.

(2) The rates of super-tax for the year 1928-29

8 & 9 Geo. 6. shall, for the purposes of section four of the Income

o. 40. Tax Act, 1918, be the same as those for the year 1927-28.

(3) All such enactments as had effect with respect

to the income tax and super-tax charged for the year

1927-28, shall, subject to the provisions of any enactments which were expressed to come into operation on

the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, or to apply in relation to income tax or super-tax

for the year beginning on that day, have effect with

respect to the income tax and super-tax charged for

the year 1928-29.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

89

(4) The annual value of any property which has been

adopted for the purpose of income tax under Schedules A

and B for the year 1927-28 shall be taken as the annual

value of that property for the same purpose for the year

1928—29:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to

lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the administrative county of London with respect to which the

valuation hst under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 32 & 33 Vict.

1869, is by that Act made conclusive for the purposes of c - 67 -

income tax.

16. Section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1920, Deductions

' (which provides for deductions in respect of children), in respect of

shall be amended as follows:— children.

(1) In subsection (1)—

(a) for the words "living at the commencement

of the year of assessment " there shall be

substituted the words "living at any time

within the year of assessment ";

(b) for the words "thirty-six pounds " and

" twenty-seven pounds " there shall be substituted respectively the words "sixty

pounds " and " fifty pounds ":

(2) In subsection (3) for the words "forty pounds "

there shall be substituted the words "sixty

pounds."

17. —(1) An individual who for any year of assess- Option of

hrent is chargeable to sur-tax may, by giving notice in making

Writing to the Special Commissioners not later than return of the first day of May next following the end of that year income to

his desire so to do, elect to make a return of his total Special

aicome to those Commissioners, and any such election Commis-

shall have effect not only as respects that year, but sioners.

also as respects all subsequent years for which he remains

chargeable to sur-tax:

Provided that any individual who has so elected

7? a y at any time in any subsequent year of assessment

&rve notice in writing to the Commissioners of his desire

revoke the election and thereupon the election shall

case to have effect except as respects any year preceding

e . year in which notice is so given.

90

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of s. 21

of 12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 17.

• (2) Where for any year of assessment an election

made by an individual under this section is in force—

(a) the Special Commissioners may serve upon that

individual a notice requiring him to make a

return of his total income, and that individual

shall make such a return in the form and

within the time required by the notice, and

subsections (3) and (4) of section forty-four of the Finance Act, 1927, shall apply in relation

to any such return; and

(b) the return required to be made by that individual under subsection (1) of section forty-three

of the Finance Act, 1927, of all the sources of

his income and of the amount derived from

each source for that year shall be limited to

a return of any income which is assessable

under either Schedule D or Schedule E.

' 18. —(1) Any company to which section twenty-one

of the Finance Act, 1922, applies," 1 may at any time

after the general meeting at which the accounts of the company made up for any year or other period

are adopted, forward to the Special Commissioners

for their consideration a copy of the said accounts,

together with a copy of the report, if any, of the directors

for that year or period, and such further information,

if any, as it may think fit, and the Special Commissioners

shall, subject to the provisions of this section, on

receiving the said accounts and other documents, if

any, proceed to consider the position of the company

in relation to the said section twenty-one.

(2) The Special Commissioners may as soon as

reasonably may be, but not later than twenty-eight

days after the receipt of the said accounts and other

documents, if any, call upon the company to furnish

to them within twenty-eight days, or such extended

period as they may subsequently allow, such further

particulars as they may reasonably require:

Provided that if the particulars so required are

not furnished to the Commissioners within the period

or extended period allowed for the purpose they may

proceed under this section upon the information before

them.

(3) Where a company has under subsection (1\

of this section forwarded to the Special Commissioners

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

91

the accounts of the company for any year or other

period, whether with or without any other documents,

the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) unless within three months after the receipt of the said accounts and other documents, or, if

further particulars have been required as aforesaid, within three months after the receipt 5 of

those particulars, or the expiration of the

period within which those particulars are to be

furnished, as the case may be, the Special

Commissioners intimate to the company their

intention to take further action in the case of the company under the said section twenty-one

in respect of that year or other period, the

power of the Commissioners to take any such

further action in respect of that year or other

period shall absolutely cease and determine;

and

(b) notwithstanding that the Special Commissioners

have given such an intimation as aforesaid,

they shall not after the expiration of six months

from the date of the intimation have power in

relation to that company to issue a notice under

paragraph (4) of the First Schedule to the

Finance Act, 1922, with respect to that year

or period, or, unless such a notice has been

issued before the expiration of the said period

of six months, to give a direction in relation

to the company under subsection (!) of section

twenty-one of the said Act.

19. Where a person has been assessed to tax for

an y year of assessment, not being a year prior to the

year 1927-28, under Rule 21 of the General Rules, in

Respect of a payment made wholly and exclusively for

the purposes of a trade, profession, or vocation (not

j^uig a payment of or on account of copyright royalties

° ^bich section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1927,

applies) the amount on which tax has been paid under

Pat assessment shall, for the purposes of section thirty-

firee of the Finance Act, 1926, be treated as though it

ere a. loss sustained in that trade, profession, or

r ^? a ^ip n, and, subject to the provisions of that section,

tb + fi 1 res pect thereof shall be allowed in computing

person’s liability to tax in respect of the profits or

Amount of

assessment

under Rule

21 to be

allowed as

a loss for

certain

purposes.

92

Ch. 17.

Continuance

of allowance

for repairs

under

s. 28 of ,

13 & 14 Geo.

5. c. 14.

Relief

from double

taxation in

respect of

British

income tax

and Irish

Free State

income tax.

Summary

recovery of

income tax

in Northern

Ireland.

22 Vict,

c. 14.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 49.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 57.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 62.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

gains of that trade, profession, or vocation for’ the six

years following the said year of assessment:

Provided that no relief shall be allowed under this

section in respect of any such payment or any part of

any such payment which is not ultimately borne by the

person assessed or which is charged to capital.

20 . — (1)Section twenty-eight of the Finance Act,

1923 (which relates to the allowance for repairs), shall

continue in force until the fifth day of April, nineteen

hundred and thirty-three.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight.

21 . The Agreement made the twenty-fifth day of

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, between the

British Government and the Government of the Irish

Free State amending the Agreement made on the

fourteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

six, between the said Governments in respect of double

income tax (which first mentioned Agreement is set

out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act) is hereby

confirmed, and shall have effect, with respect to exemption

or relief to be granted from British tax, for the year

1928-29 and any subsequent year, provided that, with

respect to exemption or relief to be granted from Irish

Free State tax, it has effect for that year by virtue

of an Act of the Legislature of the Irish Free State.

22. Notwithstanding anything in section five of the

Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1859, any such amount of

income tax as is under the provisions of the Income Tax

Acts recoverable summarily as a civil debt may, without

prejudice to any other remedy, be recovered summarily

in Northern Ireland, and in any summary proceedings

in Northern Ireland for the recovery of income tax any

order for the payment of money may be enforced in like

manner as an order for the payment of a sum recoverable

summarily as a civil debt is enforceable in England,

and for the purpose of an order made in any such proceedings section thirty-five of the Summary Jurisdiction

Act, 1879, shall apply to Northern Ireland with the

substitution of a reference to the Debtors (Ireland) Act,

1872, for the reference therein to the Debtors Act, 1869.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

93

Part III.

Miscellaneous.

23.—(1) The provisions contained in section thirty-

two of the Finance Act, 1923, which relate to the New

Sinking Fund (1923) and the annual charges for the

National Debt, shall cease to have effect and in lipu

thereof the following provisions of this section shall have

effect.

(2) There shall be issued out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce

thereof at such times and in such manner as the

Treasury may from time to time direct, so, however,

"that the whole amount to be issued in respect of any

financial year shall be issued in that year, the sums

following, that is to say:—

In the financial year ending on the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, the

sum of three hundred and sixty-nine million

pounds:

In the financial year ending on the thirty-first day of

March, nineteen hundred and thirty, and in every

subsequent year, the sum of three hundred and

fifty-five million pounds.

(3) The sum to be issued as aforesaid in each

financial year (in this section referred to as " the per-

‘‘ manent annual charge for the National Debt ") shall

oe applied in the first place in meeting the annual

charges in respect of that year for the National Debt in

fespect of interest and management (including expenses

incurred in connection with the raising of money or the

issue or exchange of securities).

For the purposes of this subsection the expression

‘‘ interest " includes such part as represents interest of the terminable annuities which would, if the Finance

A °t, 1923, had not passed, have been payable out of the

permanent annual charge under the Sinking Fund Act,

t°75, but does not include any interest payable-in respect

of savings certificates or the interest on any loans raised

iUider any Act passed after the commencement of this

-&ct which does not direct that interest to be paid out

of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Permanent

annual

charge for

National

Debt.

38 & 39 Vict.

c. 45.

94

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

9&10 Geo. 5.

c. 37.

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

o. 32.

(4) The balance in, each financial year of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt after

meeting the annual charges mentioned in the last

preceding subsection shall be issued for the following

purposes and in the following order:—

(a) In paying such part of the said terminable

annuities as represents capital:

(b) For providing such sums as are required—

(i) for the purposes of the sinking funds

established in pursuance of section two of the

War Loan Act, 1919, in connection with the

four per cent. Victory Bonds and four per

cent. Funding Loan, 1960-1990;

(ii) for the purposes of the sinking fund

established under section forty-five of the

Finance Act, 1921, in connection with the

three and one-half per cent. Conversion Loan;

(iii) for the purpose of any undertaking

contained in any prospectus to purchase and

cancel four per cent. Consolidated Loan;

(iv) for meeting such part of the annual

payments due to the Government of the

United States of America in respect of the

American Loan as represents capital;

(v) for making any payments required to

be made to the National Debt Commissioners

in pursuance of section three of the War Loan

Act, 1919, in respect of Victory Bonds or

Funding Loan, 1960-1990, accepted by the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue in payment

of death duties:

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 31.

29 & 30 Vict,

c. 39.

(c) In meeting the interest payable in respect of

savings certificates:

(d) In providing the sums required for the purposes

of the Depreciation Fund established under

section thirty-two of the Finance Act, 1917:

(e) In the purchasing, redeeming or paying off of

any other description of debt charged on the

Consolidated Fund, other than advances made

by the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland

under section twelve of the Exchequer and

Audit Departments Act, 1866, or loans raised

under any Act to meet ways and means.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

(5) The balance aforesaid (except such part thereof

as may be applied in meeting the interest payable in

respect of saving certificates) is in this section referred

to as "the New Sinking Fund (1928)" and shall be

applied for the purposes specified in subsection (4) of this section within nine months after the date of the

issue thereof.

(6) The New Sinking Fund (1928) except such part

thereof as, in the opinion of the Treasury, is from time

to time required for meeting charges in connection with

the redemption of loans repayable outside the United

Kingdom, shall be issued to the National Debt Commissioners for the purpose of being applied by them in

manner provided by the foregoing provisions of this

section, and the provisions of section seven of the Sinking

Fund Act, 1875 (which relates to accounts of the new

and old sinking funds) shall apply in relation to the

new s inkin g fund established by this section as they

apply in relation to the new sinking fund established by

that Act, and all securities purchased or redeemed in

pursuance of this section, except four pounds per cent.

Victory Bonds and four pounds per cent. Funding Loan,

1960-90, purchased by the National Debt Commissioners,

and held by them on the account opened under the

regulations made in pursuance of subsection (2) of

section three of the War Loan Act, 1919, shall be cancelled forthwith in such manner as the Treasury may

from time to time direct.

24.—(1) The Old Sinking Fund for the years ending

respectively on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, and the thirty-first day of

March, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, shall, instead

of being issued to the National Debt Commissioners in

accordance with the provisions of section five of the

Sinking Fund Act, 1875, be issued from the Consolidated

JMnd of the United Kingdom or the growing produce

thereof at such times as the Treasury direct and carried

to an account to be established for the purposes of this

section and to be known as " the Rating Relief Suspense

Account."

(2) The Treasury may out of revenue during the

ourrent financial year pay to the Rating Relief Suspense

Account such sums as they think fit, and any amount so

Suspense

account.

96

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Payment to

Exchequer

out of

unclaimed

dividends ’

account. "

33 & 34 Vict.

c. 71.

Interest on

Victory

Bonds or

Funding

Loan held

by National

Debt Commissioners

not to be

paid.

Power to

make

temporary

advances to

Road Fund.

Fines under

17 & 18

•Geo. 5. c. 37.

to be paid

paid shall be deemed to be expenditure within the

meaning of sections four and five of the Sinking Fund

Act, 1875.

(3) All stuns carried to the Rating Relief Suspense

Account in accordance with the provisions of this section

shall be applied in such manner as Parliament may

hereafter determine.

25 . The National Debt Commissioners shall, as and

when the Treasury request, pay into the Exchequer

out of their account of unclaimed dividends under

Part VII of the National Debt Act, 1870, sums not

exceeding in the whole one million pounds, and may for

that purpose sell any stock standing to the credit of

that account.

26 . The interest from time to time payable to the

National Debt Commissioners in respect of any 4 per

cent. Victory Bonds or 4 per cent. Funding Loan

(1960-1990) held by them on the account opened in

pursuance of the regulations made 1 by the Treasury '

under subsection (2) of section three of the War Loan

Act, 1919, shall not be paid, and the sum which under

section two of the said Act is required to be set aside

at the close of each half-year shall be reduced by an

amount equal to the amount of the interest which would

but for this section have been payable to the National

Debt Commissioners.

27. —(1) The Treasury may at any time within

any financial year temporarily advance to the Road

Fund out of the Consolidated Fund of the United

Kingdom or the growing produce thereof such sums, not

exceeding in the aggregate the estimated income of the

Road Fund for the said year, as may from time to time

be required for the purpose of making any payments

properly falling to be made out of the Road Fund.

(2) Any sums advanced under this section shall be

charged on the Road Fund and repaid thereout to the

Exchequer before the end of the said year.

28. All fines imposed in respect of offences under

the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927, or the regulations made thereunder shall be paid into the Exchequer

in the same manner as penalties and forfeitures recovered

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

97

under or in pursuance of the Roads Act, 1920, and in

accordance with such directions as may be contained

with respect to such penalties and forfeitures in any

Order in Council for the time being in force under that

Act, and any sums paid into the Exchequer under this

section shall, for the purposes of section two of the

Roads Act, 1920 (which provides for payment out of the Consolidated Fund to the local taxation accounts

and to the Road Fund), be deemed to have been paid

into the Exchequer under that Act.

29.—(1) It shall be lawful for the Treasury to

borrow, in accordance with the provisions of this section,

any sums required for meeting any interest which may

from time to time become payable in respect of savings

certificates and is not otherwise provided for under this Act.

(2) Any sums which the Treasury have, power to

borrow under this section may be raised in such manner

as the Treasury think fit, and for that purpose they

may create and issue any securities by means of which

any loan has been or may be raised, or such other

securities bearing such rate of interest and subject to

such conditions as to repayment, redemption or otherwise as they think fit.

(3) The principal and interest of any securities

issued under this section and any sums required for

defraying any expenses incurred in connection with the

raising of those sums shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing

Produce thereof.

(4) In this Act the expression "savings certificates "

means war savings certificates and national savings

c ertificates.

30.—(1) Where any property is held upon trust in

accordance with directions which are valid and effective

under section nine of the Superannuation and other

r, rust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927 (which provides for

ho validation of trust funds for the reduction of the

National Debt), any income arising from that property

m from any accumulations of any such income and any

Profits of any description otherwise accruing to the

G

iato tho

Exchequer.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. o. 72.

Power to

borrow sums

required for

meeting

interest on

sayings

certificates.

Exemption

from income

tax, estate

duty and

stamp duties

in case of

trust funds

and gifts

for reduction of

98

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

National

Debt.

17 & 18

Geo. 6. c.41.

Amendment

of a. 55 of

17 & 18

Geo. 6. e. 10.

property and liable to be accumulated under the trust

shall be exempt from income tax.

(2) Where any person gives such directions as are

mentioned in the said section nine by any instrument,

and the directions take effect during his life and

immediately after the making of the instrument, the

property directed to be held in accordance with those

directions shall be exempt from estate duty, unless the

Treasury, within three months after they receive notice

of the taking effect of the instrument, disclaim the

interest of the National Debt Commissioners under the

said directions.

(3) Where an absolute gift of any property is made

during the lifetime of the donor to the National Debt

Commissioners to be applied by them in reduction of the

National Debt, the property shall be exempt from

estate duty as from the date when it is transferred to

the Commissioners.

(4) Any instrument by which any property is transferred to trustees to be held upon trust in accordance

with directions which are valid and effective under the

said section nine or by which any property is conveyed

by way of absolute gift to the National Debt Commissioners to be applied by them in reduction of the

National Debt shall be exempt from stamp duty.

31. Subsection (1) of section fifty-five of the Finance

Act, 1927 (which relates to relief from capital and transfer

stamp duty in the case of reconstructions or amalgamations of companies), shall be amended as follows:—

(1) The following shall be substituted for paragraph (a) (ii):—

(ii) the amount to be credited as paid up

on the shares to be issued as such consideration as aforesaid and on the shares, if any, to

be issued to creditors of the existing company

in consideration of the release of debts

(whether secured or unsecured) due or accruing due to them from the existing company

or of the assignment of such debts to the

transferee company.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

99

(2) In paragraph (b) there shall be inserted after

* the words "transfer of the undertaking or

shares " the words "or on any instrument

" made for the purposes of or in connection

" with the assignment to the transferee com-

" pany of any debts, secured or unsecured,

"of the existing company."

(3) At the end there shall be inserted the following

additional proviso:—

"; and

(c) the foregoing provision with respect to

the release and assignment of debts of the existing company shall not, except

in the case of debts due to banks or to

trade creditors, apply to debts which

were incurred less than two years before

the proper time for making a claim for

exemption under this section."

32.—(1) Section one hundred and fourteen of the

ktamp Act, 1891 (which provides for the payment of a

composition for the stamp duty chargeable on transfers

of certain colonial stocks), shall extend to any guaranteed

°ck issued by the Government of any part of His

' la-jesty’s dominions outside the United Kingdom or of

an y territory which is under His Majesty’s protection

°r a 1 res P ec °1 which a mandate on behalf of the League

of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty.

i (2) This section shall, in relation to stock guaranteed

7 the Treasury in pursuance of the Palestine and East

5~ ric a Loans Act, 1926, and issued before the commencement of this Act, have effect as if it had been in force

° n the date of the issue of the stock.

« (3) For the purposes of this section the expression

.guaranteed stock" means stock, the principal of or

terest on which is guaranteed by any Act of the

. ar hament of the United Kingdom or by the Treasury

Pursuance of any such Act.

s 33. Where by virtue of subsection (5) or sub-

m^ 1 ? n section seventy-three of the Taxes Manage-

Co »t Act, 1880, the Land Tax Commissioners, or the

mmissionor 8 of Inland Revenue respectively, have

er f° appoint a collector of Land Tax for any area,

ar Se Commissioners shall appoint a collector for that

a to hold office during their will and pleasure, and

Extension

of s. 114 of

Stamp Act,

1891, to

stock of

certain

guaranteed

loans.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 39.

16 & 17 Geo.

5 . c. 62.

Amendment

of s. 73 of

Taxes

Management Act,

1880.

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 19.

100

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of 8. 37 of

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 31.

Construction, short

title, application and

repeal.

39 & 40Viet,

c. 36.

subsection (1) of that section shall have effect as if for

the words "in the month of April in each year, " there

were substituted the words "within a month from the

occurrence of a vacancy for a collector, " and subsection (8)

of that section shall have effect as if—

(a) for the words "on or before the thirty-first day

of May in any year, " there were substituted

the words "within two months after the date

at which a vacancy has occurred "; and

(b) the words "for that and for every subsequent

year " were omitted.

34. Section thirty-seven of the Finance Act, 1917,

(which contains provisions for facilitating dealings with

Government stock), shall be amended by the insertion

at the end thereof of the following paragraph :—

" (i) for providing that, in the case of

Government stock standing in the name of a

stockholder (including a joint stockholder) who

is an infant and is domiciled in Scotland, any

document requiring to be executed for the

purpose of a transfer, or in connection with

the receipt or accumulation of dividends or the

receipt or re-investment of redemption moneys,

shall, subject to the provisions of the regulations, be deemed to be sufficiently executed if

executed by such persons and in such manner as

would be sufficient under the law of Scotland."

35. —(1) Part I of this Act so far as it relates to

duties of customs shall be construed together with the

Customs (Consolidation) Act, 1876, and any Acts amending that Act (except that the expression "the United

Kingdom " in this Act shall not include the Isle of

Man), and the said Part I so far as it relates to duties of

excise shall be construed together with the Acts which

relate to the duties of excise and to the management of

those duties, and the expression "the Commissioners "

in the said Part I means the Commissioners of Customs

and Excise.

(2) This Act so far as it relates to income tax shall

be construed together with the Income Tax Acts.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment

shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as

amended by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

101

(4) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1928.

(5) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to

matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to

Northern Ireland.

(6) The enactments set out in the Fifth Schedule to

this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in

the third column of that Schedule. J

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Duty and Drawback in case

or Hydrocarbon Oils.

1. The provisions of section ninety-eight of the Customs

(Consolidation) Act, 1876, which relate to the charging of duty

° n the quantity of goods ascertained by weight, measure or

strength at the time of actual delivery thereof, shall apply to

hydrocarbon oils when cleared from a warehouse for home use

as they apply to the specially excepted goods mentioned in that

section.

2. Subject to compliance with such conditions as to security

f or the re-exportation of the goods as the Commissioners may

J^Pose, the customs duty shall not be chargeable in respect of

ydrocarbon oils imported for exportation after transit through

he United Kingdom or by way of transhipment.

3; The excise duty shall be recoverable from any person

ho, on the date when the duty became chargeable, was the

owner of the hydrocarbon oils or the person in possession thereof.

4 The Commissioners may, in relation to any goods in

Aspect of which the drawback is payable, relax as they may

hink fit any provisions contained in the Customs (Consolidation)

c ' i > 1876, or in any enactment amending that Act, with respect

the giving of security or entry before shipment.

If any person for the purpose of obtaining any repayment

or rebate in respect of the duties, makes or causes to be

a de any statement or representation which is untrue in any

a terial particular, he shall be liable at the election of the Com-

«Jttoner8 either to a customs penalty equal to treble the value

hu £ 00(* 3 (including duty), or to a customs penalty of one

odred pounds and the goods in respect of which the offence

committed shall be forfeited.

Section 2.

102

Ch. 17

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5

Section 4.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Sugar, &c.

Part I.

Duties.

Full Rate Amount

of of

Customs Preferential

Article. Duty. Reduction.

S. d. S. d.

Sugar which, when tested by the polariscope

indicates a polarisation exceeding ninety-

nine degrees - - the cwt. 11 8 5 10

Sugar of a polarisation exceeding ninety-eight

but not exceeding ninety-nine degrees

' 1 the cwt. 11 8 6 10-8

Sugar of a polarisation not exceeding sev&nty-

six degrees ---- the cwt. 4 6 2 Of

Sugar of a polarisation—

Exceeding 76 and not exceeding 77 -

the cwt.

4

7-5

2

1-6

99

77

99

99

78

99

4

9-3

2

2-3

99

78

99

99

79

99

4

1M

2

3-1

39

79

99

99

80

99

5

0-9

2

4-0

99

80

99

99

81

99

6

2-7

2

4-8

99

81

99

99

82

39

5

4-6

2

5-6

99

82

99

99

83

99

5

6-3

2

6-4

99

83

99

ft

84

39

5

8-3

2

7-3

99

84

99

99

85

99

5

10-3

2

8-3

9 J

86

99 -

99

86

99

6

0-3

2

9-2

93

86

99

99

87

91 ~

6

2-3

2

10-1

87

ft

99

88

99

6

4- 6

2

1M

11

88

99

99

89

99

6

6-8

3

0-2

39

89

39

99

90

99

6

9-5

3

1-4

99

90

99

99

91

99

7

0-2

3

2-6

99

91

99

99

92

99

7

2-9

3

3-9

99

92

99

99

93

99

7

5-6

3

5-1

99

93

99

99

94

99

7

8-2

3

6-3

99

94

99

99

95

99

7

10-9

3

7-6

99

96

99

99

96

99

8

1-6

3

8-8

19

96

99

99

97

99

8

4-3

3

10-0

* I

97

ft

99

98

99

8

7-0

3

11-3

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

103

Full Rate Amount

of of

Customs Preferential

Artiole. Duty. Reduotion.

5. d . «$. cL .

Molasses (except when delivered to a licensed '

distiller for use in the manufacture of

spirits or yeast, or to a person for use in

the manufacture of yeast in premises used

solely for that purpose):—

If containing 70 per cent, or more of

sweetening matter - - the owt. 7 5 3 8£

If containing less than 70 per cent, and

more than 50 per cent, of sweetening

matter ---- the ewt. 5 4 2 8

If containing not more than 50 per cent.

of sweetening matter - - the cwt. 2 7' 1

Glucose:

Solid the cwt. 7 5 3 8J

Liquid ---- -, 54 28

Saccharin (including substances of a like

nature or use) - the oz. 3 9 1 101

Part II.

A. —Drawbacks.

Drawback shall be payable in the following cases :—

1. On the export or on the shipment, or deposit in a bonded

warehouse, for use as ships’ stores of any sugar, molasses,

glucose, or saccharin produced in the United Kingdom or on

the deposit in a bonded warehouse for export of sugar or molassd

Produced in the United Kingdom.

2. On the quantity of sugar, molasses or glucose (wherever

Produced) used in the brewing of beer which is deposited in a

bonded warehouse for export.

3. On the quantity of sugar, molasses, glucose, or saccharin

(wherover produced) which appears to the satisfaction of the

roasury to have been used in the manufacture or preparation

J u the United Kingdom of goods (other than beer) exported or

pipped or deposited in a bonded warehouse for use as ships ’

stores.

2nd Soh.

—c ont.

104

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

2nd Soh. 4. On molasses produced in the-United Kingdom which is

— cont. delivered to a licensed distiller for use in the manufacture of

spirits or yeast, or to a person for use in the manufacture of

yeast in premises used solely for that purpose.

I

5. On the deposit of sugar or glucose produced in the United

Kingdom in a warehouse approved by the Commissioners under

26 27 Vict, section two of the Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863, for the

c. 7. manufacture of cavendish or negrohead.

Amount or Rate ob Drawback.

1. In the case of sugar produced in the United Kingdom

from material on which duty has been paid, drawback shall be

paid in accordance with the scale set out tin Table 1 in this

Part of this Schedule..

2. In the case of molasses produced in the United Kingdom

from material on which duty has been paid, drawback shall be

paid in accordance with the scale set out in Table 2 in this

Part of this Schedule.

3. In the case of imported molasses on which duty has been

paid, the drawback shall be an amount equal to the duty

chargeable on the importation of the like goods.

4. In any other case, the drawback shall he an amount

equal to the duty paid.

Table 1.

Scale applicable in case of Sugar.

Nature of Sugar.

Sugar produced

from material on

which the full

duties of customs

have been paid.

Degree of

Polarisation.

Bate or Amount of

Drawback.

Of a polarisation

exceeding 98°.

Of a polarisation

not exceeding

98°.

' Where the rate of duty

paid was 11s. 8 d. the

cwt. a drawback at the

rate of 11s. 8 d. the cwt.

-< Where a rate of duty less

than 11s. 8 d. the cwt

was paid, a drawback

at the rate of 9s. 4 d.

the cwt.

A drawback equal to the

duty chargeable on sugar

of the like polarisation.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

105

Nature of Sugar.

Degree of

Polarisation.

Rate of Amount of

Drawback.

2nd Sch.

on/.

Sugar produced

from material on

which a preferential rate of

customs duty or

an exciso duty

has been paid.

rOf a polarisation

exceeding 99°.

Of a polarisation

not exceeding

l 99°.

' Where the rate of duty

paid was 5a. lOd. the

cwt.; a drawback at the

j rate of 5s. 10 d. the cwt.

] Where a rate of duty dess

than 5a. 1 Qd . the cwt. was

paid, a drawback at the

rate of 5s. Ofd. the cwt.

A drawback equal to the

duty chargeable on sugar

of the like polarisation.

Table 2.

Scale applicable in case of Molasses.

Amount of Drawback.

Nature of Molasses.

Produced from

Material on which

the full Customs

Duty has been

paid.

Produced from

Material on which

Customs Duty at a

Preferential Rate

or Excise Duty has

been paidL

If containing not more than

50 per cent, of sweetening

matter and weighing not less

than fourteen pounds to the

1

s. d. 1

1

1

s d.

gallon - the cwt.

If containing more than 50 per

cent, but not more than

60 per cent, of sweetening

2 3

1 2|

matter - the cwt.

It containing more than 60 per

cent, but not more than

76 per cent, of sweetening

3 4}

1 9|

matter - the owt.

If containing more than 70 per

cent, but not more than

80 per cent, of sweetening

4 6

2 5

matter - - . the cwt.

ft containing more than 80 per

cent, of sweetening matter

6 2

3 4

the cwt

7 0

3 9J

106

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch.

— cent.

B. Allowances on Molasses.

Allowances shall be made in respect of molasses produced

in the United Kingdom and used solely for the purpose of

food for stock in accordance with the following provisions:—

Nature of Molasses.

(1) Molasses produced from

material on which duty has

been paid.

(2) Molasses on which an excise duty has been paid.

Amount of Allowance.

An amount equal to the drawback payable on the exportation of the like article.

An amount equal to the duty

paid.

Part III.

Provisions as to Duties, Drawbacks and

Allowances.

1. The charge of a specified amount of duty, or the grant

of a specified amount of drawback or allowance, in respect of a

specific weight of any article includes a proportionately less duty

or drawback or allowance, as the case may be, in respect of any

less weight of that article.

2. Molasses imported into, or produced in bond in, the

United Kingdom shall not be liable to duty if it is used solely

for the purpose of food for stock and the prescribed conditions

are complied with in respect thereof.

3. No excise duty shall be charged on sugar or molasses

made from material on which the proper duty of customs or

excise has been paid.

4. The Commissioners may make regulations prohibiting the

manufacture of sugar except by persons holding a licence and

having made entry for the purpose, and for fixing the date of

expiration of the licence, and with a view to securing and

collecting the excise duties imposed on sugar and molasses, and

to verifying claims for drawback, allowance or subsidy, may

make regulations regulating the manufacture of sugar, the use of

molasses in a licensed sugar manufactory in the manufacturing

of feeding stuffs for stock, and the warehousing and xemoval

from the manufactory of sugar and molasses and may by those

regulations apply to the excise duties and drawbacks on sugar

and to manufacturers of sugar any enactments relating to any

duty or drawback of excise or customs and to persons carrying

on any trade subject to the law of excise.

The powers given to the Commissioners by this provision

shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any powers

given to them under the Finance Act, 1901, or any other Act.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

107

5. 0 The regulations made under paragraph 4 of this Part of this Schedule shall not require a person who holds a licence under

section five of the Finance Act, 1901. to take out a licence

under the regulations as a manufacturer of sugar, nor shall a

licence under that section be required for the manufacture of

invert sugar so far as that manufacture is incidental to, and

carried on on the same premises as, the manufacture of sugar by

a person licensed to manufacture sugar in pursuance of regulations made under this Part of this Schedule. *

6 . The drawback in respect of sugar, molasses and glucose

used in the brewing of beer, the drawback in respect of sugar

or glucose deposited in an approved warehouse, the drawback

on molasses for use in the manufacture of spirits or yeast, and

the allowances on molasses shall only be allowed and paid subject

to compliance with the prescribed conditions.

7. The Commissioners in allowing drawback in respect of

any manufactured or prepared goods may relax, as they think fit,

any requirements of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, as to

the giving of security or entry before shipment. 4

8 . If any person acts in contravention of or fails to comply

with any regulations made by the Commissioners or any

prescribed condition, or any condition imposed by the Commissioners under the provisions of any previous Act in relation

to the use of molasses solely as food for stock, he shall, for each

offence, be liable to a customs penalty or an excise penalty, as

the case may be, of fifty pounds, and the article in respect of

which the offence is committed shall be forfeited.

9. —(1) In this Schedule, unless the context otherwise

requires—

The expression "duty" means the duty of customs or the

duty of excise, as the case may be, chargeable in respect

of sugar, molasses, glucose or saccharin, as the case

may be;

The expression "duty-paid " in relation to any goods

means goods in respect of which the Commissioners

have been satisfied that duty has been paid;

The expression "prescribed conditions" means such conditions for the protection of the revenue in respect of

proof or security or otherwise as the Commissioners

may prescribe;

The expression "molasses " includes invert sugar and all

other sugar and extracts from sugar which oannot

be completely tested by the polariscope and on which

duty is not specifically charged by reference to the

provisions of Part I of this Schedule as to sugar or

glucose.

2nd, Sch.

— cont.

108

2nd Sch.

j — cont.

Section 12.

Ch. 17. Finance, Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(2) For the purposes of this, Schedule the amount of sweetening

matter in molasses shall be taken to be the total amount of cane,

invert and other sugar contained therein as determined by

analysis in manner prescribed by the Commissioners.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Amended Rates of Duty in the case of certain

Mechanically Propelled Vehicles.

Paragraph to be substituted for paragraph 3 of the

Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920.,

3. Vehicles, being hackney carriages as defined in section '

four of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888 :—

Tramcars.£0 150

Veludes fitted

entirely with

pneumatic Other

tyres. Vehicles.

Other vehicles having

a seating capacity for-

s.

d.

s.

d.

Not more than 4 persons

10

0

0

10

0

0

More than 4 but not more than 8 persons

12

0

0

12

0

0

do.

8

do.

14

do.

24

0

0

30

0

0

do.

14

do.

20

do.

36

0

0

45

0

0

do.

20 •

do.

26

do.

48

0

0

60

0

0

do.

26

do.

32

do.

57

12

0

72

0

0

do.

32

do.

40

do.

67

4

0

84

0

0

do.

40

do.

48

do.

76

16

0

96

0

0

do.

48

do.

56

do.

86

8

0

108

0

0

do.

66

do.

64

do.

96

0

0

120

0

0

do.

64 persons

96

0

0

120

0

0

With an

additional duty for each person

in excess of 64 persons

1

4

0

1

10

0

For the purposes of this paragraph the number of persons

mentioned does not include the driver of the vehicle and the

seating capacity of a vehicle shall be determined in accordance

with provisions made by regulations under section twelve of the

Roads Act, 1920.

In this paragraph and paragraph five of this schedule, the

expression " pneumatio tyres" means such tyres as may be

declared by regulations made under the said section twelve to be

pneumatic tyres within the meaning of this paragraph and the

said paragraph five.

1928.

Finance Act, 1928.

Ch. 17.

109

Paragraph to be substituted for paragraph 5 of the

Second Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920.

5. Vehicles, including tricycles weighing more than 8 cwt.

unladen, constructed or adapted for use and used for the

conveyance of goods or burden of any description, whether in

the course of trade or otherwise— '

Vehicles

fitted

entirely Other

with Vehicles,

pneumatic

tyres.

£ 3. d.

£ s. d.

(a) Being vehicles which are electrically-

propelled—

Not exceeding 25 cwt. in weight unladen

Exceeding 25 cwt. but not exceeding 2 tons

in weight unladen -

Exceeding 2 tons but not exceeding 3 tons

in weight unladen.

Exceeding 3 tons but not exceeding 4 tons

in weight.unladen.

Exceeding 4 tons but not exceeding 5 tons

in weight unladen.

Exceeding 5 tons in weight unladen

With an additional duty, in any case, if used

for drawing a trailer, of

6 0 0

13 0 0

16 0 0

19 4 0

21 12 0

24 0 0

6 0 0

6 0 0

13 0 0

20 0 0

24 0 0

27 0 0

30 0 0

6 0 0

(6) Being vehicles registered under the

Hoads Act, 1920, in the name of a person

following the business of a travelling showman,

which are permanently fitted with a living

van or some other special type of body or

superstructure, forming part of the equipment

of his show, and used solely by him for the

purpose of his business, and for no other pur-

pOSG

Not exceeding 12 cwt. in weight unladen

Exceeding 12 cwt. but not exceeding 1 ton

in weight unladen -

Exceeding 1 ton but not exceeding 2 tons

in weight unladen -

Exceeding 2 tons but not exceeding 3 tons

in weight unladen - -

Exceeding 3 tons but not exceeding 4 tons

in weight unladen -

Exceeding 4 tons in weight unladen -

With an additional duty, in any case, if used

for drawing a trailer, of

10

0

0

10

0

0

15

0

0

15

0

0

20

0

0

20

0

0

20

0

0

25

0

0

22

8

0

28

0

0

24

0

0

30

0

0

6

0

0

6

0

0

3rd Sch.

— cont.

110

Ch. 17.

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Vehicles

fitted

entirely Other

with Vehicles.

pneumatic

tyres.

(<'>) Being vehicles registered under the £ s. d. £ s. d.

Roads Act, 1920, in the name of a person

engaged in agriculture and used solely by that

person for the purpose of the conveyance of the produce of, or of articles required for the

purposes of, the agricultural land which he

occupies, and for no other purpose :— .

iff

Not exceeding 12 cwt. in weight unladen - 10 0 0 10 0 0

Exceeding 12 cwt. but not exceeding 1 ton

in weight unladen. 15 0 0 16 0 0

Exceeding 1 ton but not exceeding 2 tons in

weight unladen - - 20 0 0 20 0 0

Exceeding 2 tons in weight unladen - 20 0 0 25 0 0

(d) Being vehicles other than vehicles (

chargeable with duty under the foregoing

provisions of this paragraph

Not exceeding 12 cwt. in weight unladen - 10 0 0 10 0 0

Exceeding 12 cwt. but not exceeding 1 ton

in weight unladen. 15 00 16 00

Exceeding 1 ton but not exceeding 1£ tons

in weight unladen. 20 0 0 20 0 0

Exceeding 1£ tons but not exceeding 2 tons

in weight unladen. 25 00 25 00

Exceeding 2 tons but not exceeding 3 tons in

weight unladen. 32 00 40 00

Exceeding 3 tons but not exceeding 4 tons in

weight unladen. 38 80 48 00

Exceeding 4 tons but not exceeding 5 tons in

weight unladen - - 43 4 0 54 0 0

Exceeding 5 tons in weight unladen - 48 0 0 60 0 0

With an additional duty, in any case, if used ~

for drawing a trailer, of - - 600 600

For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph (c), a vehicle

registered under the Roads Act, 1920, in the name of a person

engaged in agriculture shall not be deemed to be used- otherwise

than solely by that person for the purpose of the conveyance

of the produce of, or of articles required for the purposes of, the

agricultural land which he occupies by reason only that on an

occasion when the vehicle is being used by that person for that

purpose it is also used for the conveyance for some other person

engaged in agriculture of the produce of, or articles required for

3rd Sch.

— cont .

1928. Finance Act, 1928. Ch. 17.

the purposes of, ‘agricultural land occupied by that other person

if it is shown—

(a) that the vehicle is so used only occasionally;

(b) that the goods conveyed for that other person represent

only a small proportion of the total amount of goods

which the vehicle is conveying on that occasion;

c) that no payment or reward of any kind is, or is agreed

to be, made or given for the conveyance of the goods of

that other person.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Agreement made the 25th day of April, 1928,

BETWEEN THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT AND THE

Government of the Irish Free State amending

the Agreement made on the 14th .day of

April, 1926, between the said Governments

in respect of Double Income Tax.

With a view to making such alterations in the Agreement

made the 14th April 1926, between the British Government and

the Government of the Irish Free State in respect of Double

Income Tax as may be necessary in consequence of the alterations

in the British Income Tax Acts effected by the British Finance

Act, 1927, and of the alterations contemplated in the Irish Free

State Income Tax Acts, it is hereby agreed between the said

Governments that the said Agreement shall be amended as

follows:—

1 .— (a) In Article 1 (a) of the said Agreement the

words " British income tax " shall as respects the year

1928-29 and any subsequent year be construed as

meaning British income tax charged or chargeable at the

standard rate and the expression "British super-tax "

shall for the year 1928-29 include British sur-tax and

shall for subsequent years mean British sur-tax.

(b) In Article 1 (b) of the said Agreement the

expression " Irish Free State super-tax " shall for the

year 1928-29 include Irish Free State sur-tax and shall

for subsequent years mean Irish Free State sur-tax.

2 . The following Article shall be substituted for Article 2 of the said Agreement:—

2 .—(1) Relief from double taxation in respect of income tax

(including sur-tax) in the case of any person who is resident both

in Great Britain or Northern Ireland and in the Irish Free State

Ill

•3kd Sch.

— cont.

Section 21.

112

Ch. 17.

Finalice' Act f 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

4th Sch. shall be allowed from British income tax and Irish Free State

— cant. tax respectively in accordance with and under the provisions of

Section 27 of the Finance Act, 1920, provided that

(a) the rate of relief to be allowed from British income tax

shall be one half of that person’s appropriate rate of

British income tax or one half of his appropriate rate of

Irish Free State tax, whichever is the lower,

(b) the rate of relief to be allowed from Irish Free State tax

shall be one half of that person’s appropriate rate of

British income tax or one half of his appropriate rate of

Irish Free State tax, whichever is the lower,

(c) the appropriate rate of British income tax for any year

shall in the case of a person whose income is chargeable

to British income tax at the standard rate only be a

rate ascertained by dividing the amount of tax payable

by him for that year in respect of his total income

(before deduction of any rolief granted in respect of life

assurance premiums or any relief granted under the

provisions of Section 27 of the Finance Act, 1920,

as amended by thi9 Article) by the amount of his total

income, and shall in the case of "4 person part of whose

total income is chargeable to British income tax at a

rate or rates in excess of the standard rate be the sum

of the following rates :—

(i) the rate which would have been the appropriate

rate in the case of that person if his income had been

chargeable at the standard rate only, and

(ii) the rate ascertained by dividing the amount of the British sur-tax payable by that person for that

year by the amount of his total income for that year,

(d) the appropriate rate of Irish Free State tax for any year

shall in the case of a person whose income is chargeable

in the Irish Free State to income tax only be a rate

ascertained by dividing the amount of tax payable by

him for that year in respect of his total income (before

deduction of any relief granted in respect of life

assurance premiums or any relief granted under the

provisions of Section 27 of the Finance Act, 1920, as

amended by this Article) by the amount of his total

income, and shall in the case of a person whose income

is chargeable to Irish Free State sur-tax be the sum of the following rates :—

(i) the rate which would have been the appropriate

rate in the case of that person if his income had been

chargeable to income tax only, and

1928. Finance Act, 1928. Ch. 17.

(ii) the rate ascertained by-ctividing the amount of the Irish Free State sur-tax payable by that person

for that year by the amount of his total income for

that year;

(e) relief under this Article from British income tax allowable to any person for any year shall be given as to

such an amount as would be due if Jxis income for the

year were chargeable to British income tax at the

standard rate only and to Irish Free State income tax

only by repayment of or set off against the tax at the

standard rate payable by him for that year, and as to

any balance by repayment of or set ofi against any

British sur-tax payable by him for that year;

(f) relief under this Article from Irish Free State tax allowable to any person for any year shall be given as to

such an amount as would be due if' his income for the

year were chargeable to British income tax at the

standard rate only and to Irish Free State income tax

only by repayment of or set off against the income tax

payable by him for that year, and as to any balance by

repayment of or set off against any Irish Free State

sur-tax payable by him for that year.

(2) Relief from double taxation to super-tax for the year

1928-29 in the case of any person who is resident both in Great

Britain or Northern Ireland and in the Irish Free State shall

be allowed, in accordance with and under the provisions of

Section 27 of the Finance Act, 1920, so far as applicable, from

British super-tax for that year and Irish Free State super-tax

for that year respectively at one half of the lower of the two

following rates:—

(a) that person’s rate of British super-tax for the year

1928-29 ascertained by dividing the amount of the

super-tax payable by him for that year by the amount

of his total income from all sources for that year as

estimated for super-tax purposes,

(b) that person’s rate of Irish Free State super-tax for the

year 1928-29 ascertained by dividing the amount of the

super-tax payable by him for that year by the amount

of his total income from all sources for that year as

estimated for super-tax purposes.

(3) For the purposes of this Article references to Section 27

of the Finance Act, -1920, shall in relation to British taxation be

construed as references to that section subject to the amendments

thereof effected by the British Finance Act, 1927, other than the

amendment of the said section numbered (iv) in Part II of the

Fifth Schedule to the said Act of 1927.

3. This Agreement shall be subject to confirmation by the

British Parliament and by the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State

H

. 113

4th Sch.

— cont.

114

Ch. 17

Finance Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5

4th Sch.

— cont.

Section 35.

and shall have effect only if and so long as legislation confirming

the Agreement is in force both in Great Britain and Northern

Ireland and in the Irish Free State.

Dated this 25th day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight.

Earnan De Blaghd,

Minister for Finance, Saorstat Eireann.

Winston S. Chtjkchill,

Chancellor of the Exchequer.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

43 & 44 Vict.

The Taxes Manage-

Subsections (9) and (10)

c. 19.

ment Act, 1880.

of section seventy-three.

9 Edw. 7. c. 43 -

The Revenue Act,

1909.

Section six.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 7

The Finance Act,

1914 (Session 2).

Section six.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 89

The Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1915.

Part Ill. of the First

Schedule.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act,

Section ten; subsection (5)

o. 14.

1923.

of section twenty-eight;

section thirty-two.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

The Finance Act,

1924.

Section fifteen.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act,

In the First Schedule the

o. 22.

1926.

words from "3. Ve-

" hides" to "Roads

" Act, 1920, " and the

words from " 5. Ve-

" hicleff" to the end of the Schedule.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act,

In the Fourth Schedule the

c. 10.

1927.

words from " Amend-

" ments to be made in

" paragraph 6 " to the

end of the Schedule.

17 <fc 18 Geo. 6.

o. 37.

The Road Transport

Lighting Act,

1927.

Section thirteen.

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928. •

Ch. 18.

115

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on

the thirty-first day of March* ohe thousand

nine hundred and twenty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of

Parliament.

[3rd August 1928.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

Av e have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your

Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do there-),

fore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

ee enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

.p, 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

* Un d of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

§ood the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, the sum of

JWo hundred and forty-three million five hundred and

forty-two thousand nine hundred and two pounds.

i 2.—(1) The Treasury mav borrow from any persoD,

K the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

. an k of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

° the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

j*. SUr ns not exceeding in the whole two hundred and

j-^y-three million five hundred and forty-two thousand

ul Ue hundred and two pounds.

j (2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

th U(f il unc er this section shall be a date not later than

6 thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

Issue of £

£243, 542, 902

out of the

ConsoJi- 1*1

dated Fund.

Power for

the Treasury to

borrow.

116

Ch. 18.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

Appropriation of sums

voted for

supply services.

64 & 55 Vict.

0. 24.

Treasury

may, in certain cases of

exigency,

authorise

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

and twenty-nine, and section six of the Treasury Bills

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall

not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall v be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later

than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the

money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer,

and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund,

and be available in any manner in which such Fund is

available.

Appropriation op Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts

mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the

supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears

by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of

four hundred and nine millions and eighty thousand

six hundred and thirteen pounds fifteen shillings and

one penny are appropriated, and shall be deemed to

have been appropriated as from the date of the passing

of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the

services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed

hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any

money directed under section two of the Public Accounts

and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set

forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on

naval military and air services respectively is not made

to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act

for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

117

vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum expenditure

realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote unprovided

over the sum which may be applied under this Act as (fthat

appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of theaggre-

expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the ga te grants

Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up for the navy

any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appro- services,

priations in aid of any other vote in the same department, ^nd air

or in defraying expenditure in the same department ^rvieesre- '

which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to 8 pectively

the service of the department by this Act, and which be not exit ina 3 T be detrimental to the public service to postpone oeeded.

until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the

usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the

sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary

application of a surplus under this section, and showing

the circumstances under which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval

military and air services for the year, in order that any

temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the

Treasury under this section may be submitted for the

sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose Sanotion for

by the Appropriation Act, 1926, surpluses arising on

certain' votes for the navy and army services respectively penditur© -

have been applied as shown in the account set out in unprovLded^ 7

Schedule (G) to this Act: ior -

K ' 16&l7 Geo.5.

_ Art

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses ‘

as shown in the said account is hereby sanctioned.

, 6 .- (l) A person shall not receive any payment out Declaration

of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act required

for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non- in cert f 1

effective services, until he has subscribed such declara- ^pt Q f ° re

* ion as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant sums a ppro-

of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by priated.

fhe warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the

production of a declaration under tins section in respect

of any payment if such a declaration has been subscribed

118

.Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Short title.

Section 3.

Section 3.

within a period of seven calendar months-preceding the

date of the payment. _

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the

purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in

any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation Act, 1928.

ABSTRACT

OF

Iff

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

_ a

£ 1 s. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund 409, 080, 613 16 1

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1926 and 1927.

Part 1. Civil Service Excess, 1926 " -

£ 8. d.

25, 868 15 1

£ s. d.

, 2. Navy (Supplementary), 1927

450,000 0 0

28,000 0 0

, 3. Civil (Supplementary), 1927

1, 099, 153 0 0

70,000 0 0

1, 575, 011 15 1

98,000 0 0

1928, Appropriation Act, 1928; Ch. 18. , 119

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations of Grants— cord.

- :-; -- SCHED. (B.)

Sums not exceeding Appropriations of

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

_:_•

s.

d.

s.

d.

1928.

Part 4. Navy

57, 300,000

0

0

4, 019, 615

0

0

, 5. Army

41, 050,000

0

0

8, 216,000

0

0

Army (Ordnance

Factories)

100

0

0

2, 878, 700

0

0

., 6. Air Force -

16, 250,000

0

0

2, 885, 100

0

0

114, 600, 100

0

0

17, 990, 415

0

0

Part 7. Civil, Class I. -

2, 243, 615

0

0

3, 868, 659

0

0

, 8. Civil, Class II. -

5, 604, 411

0

0

939, 107

0

0

, 9. Civil, Class III. -

12, 303, 665

0

0

2, 354, 010

0

0

, 10. Civil, Class IV. -

49, 492, 449

0

0

5, 764, 714

0

0

, 11. Civil, Class V. -

. 75, 614, 050

0

0

6, 112, 197

0

0

, 12. Civil, Class VI.

9, 695, 119

0

0

2, 650, 896

0

0

, 13. Civil, Class VII.

8, 459, 332

0

0

1, 300, 470

0

0

, 14. Civil, Class VIII.

59, 866, 411

0

0

1, 299, 822

0

0

, 15. Civil, Class IX.

635, 500

0

0

2, 175, 341

0

0

Total Civil £

223, 814, 452

0

0

26, 465, 216

0

0

Part 16. Revenue De-

partments, &o.

69, 091, 050

0 '

0

2, 818, 166

0

0

Grand Total

409, 080, 613

15

1

47, 371, 797

0

0

120

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (A.)

SCHEDULE- (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year, ended on the

3ist day of March 1927 :— £ «. d.

Under Act 18 Geo. 5. c. 1. - - 26, 858 15 1

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day. of March 1928 :—

Under Act 18 Geo. 5. c. 1. - - 1, 549, 153 0 0

- For the service of the year ending on the

31st day. of March 1929 :—

Under Act 18 Geo. 5. c. 1.- - - 163, 962, 700 0 0

Under this Act - - - 243, 642, 902 0 0

Total - - £ 409, 080, 613 15 1

SCHED (B.)

Part 1.

Civil

Service

Excess,

1926.

SCHEDULE (B.)~ Part 1.

Civil Service Excess, 1926.

Sums not exceeding

Supply-

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

£ 8. d.

£ s. d.

Sum granted to make good an

excess on the grant for the

Beet Sugar Subsidy, Great

Britain, for the year ended on

the 31st day of March 1927 £

25, 858 15 1

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

121

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2.

Navy (Supplementary), 1927.

Sum granted to meet Expenditure not provided for in 'the

grant for Navy Services for the year ending on the 31st

day of March 1928.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Vote 1.—Wages, &c., of Officers and

Men of the Royal Navy,

and Royal Marines, &c.

Cr. 21, 500

, 2.—Victualling and Clothing for

the Navy -

Cr. 37, 800

— 33,000 *

, 3.—Medical Establishments and

Services - -

Cr. 14, 600

4,000

, 5.—Educational Services -

Cr. 12, 400

12, 400

, 6.—Scientific Services - - i

Cr. 12, 600

12, 600

, 8.—Shipbuilding, Repairs, Main-

tenance, &c.—

Section I.—Personnel

Cr. 58,000

33,000

Section II. —Materiel

Cr. 175, 100

— 171,000 *

Section HI.—Contract

Work -

123,000

171,000

, 9.—Naval Armaments

686, 500

29, 300

, 10.—Works, Buildings, and Re-

pairs at Home and Abroad

Cr. 22, 500

— 42, 200 *

, 11.—Miscellaneous Effective Ser-

vices .

19, 300

11, 900

, 13.—Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine)—Officers

16, 500

, 14.—Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine)—Men

Cr. 40, 800

450,000

28,000

Sched. (B.)

Part 2.

Navy

(Supplementary),

1927.

* Deficit.

122

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

sched. (B.» SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3.

Part 3.

Civil

(Suppie-

memtary) ClVED {SUPPLEMENTARY), 1927.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the

charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for

the year ended on the 31st day of March 1928, Viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

ii

Appropriations

in Aid.

CIVIL.

Class I.‘

For making good the net loss on trans- ’

actions connected with the raising of

money for the various treasury chests

abroad in the year 1926 -

15, 613

Class H.

For sundry dominion services, for advances in certain cases on account of

liabilities assumed by the Government of the Irish Free State in connection with compensation for damage

to property or with land purchase, for

certain ex-gratia grants, and for expenditure in connection with ex-service

men in the Irish Free State

525,000

For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s Secretary

of State for the Colonies ...

2, 500

Carried forward - - £

543, 113

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

, Ch. 18

123

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

CIVIL— amt.

Brought forward

Supply

Grants.

543, 113

Appropriations

in $id.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Civil

• (Supplementary),

1927.

Class V.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health; including grants

and other expenses in connection with

housing, grants to local authorities,

&c., in connection with publio health

services, grants in aid in respect of

benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in connection with the Widows’, Orphans’ and

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act,

1925, and certain special services

344,000

70,000

For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Board of Health, including

grants and other expenses in connection with housing, grants to local

authorities, &o., in connection with

public health services, grant in aid of '

the Highlands and Islands Medical

Service, grants in aid in respect of

benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in

connection with the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory

Pensions Act, 1925, and certain special

services - ...

10

Carried forward

887, 123

70,000

124

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

SCHEDULE (B.)-

-Past 3 — continued.

Civil

(Supplementary),

Soma not exceeding

1927.

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward

887, 123

70,000

Class VI.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries,

expenses under the Agricultural Wages

(Regulation) Act, 1924, loans to and

relief of agricultural co-operative societies, grants for agricultural education and research, grants for eradication of tuberculosis in cattle, grants

for land drainage, grants in aid of the

small holdings account, and certain 1 ■

other grants in aid; and of the Royal

Botanic Gardens, Kew ... 160, 010

Class VII.

For expenditure in respect of diplomatic

and consular buildings ... 10 —

For expenditure in respect of sundry

public buildings in Great Britain, not

provided for on other votes, including

historic buildings, ancient monuments,

and Brompton Cemetery - 10 —

For rates and contributions in lieu of

rates, &c., in respect of property in the ..

occupation of the Crown for the public

service, and for rates on buildings

occupied by representatives of British

do m i n ions and of Foreign Powers, and

to pay the salaries and expenses of the

rating of Government property department, and a grant in aid of the

expenses of the London Fire Brigade - 62,000 —

Total, Civil - 1, 099, 163 70,000

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

125

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4. SCHED. (B.)

_ Part 4.

Navy.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray Jfche charges of the Navy Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1929; viz. :—

Snips not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For wages, &c., to 101, 800 officers,

seamen, and boys, and royal

marines; and civilians employed

on fleet services -

14, 445, 700

68, 242

2. For victualling and olothing for

the navy, including the cost of

victualling establishments at

home and abroad ...

4, 062,000

880, 418

3. For medical services, including the

cost of medical establishments at

home and abroad -

442, 400

58, 981

4. For the fleet air arm ...

1, 080,000

5. For educational services -

236, 300

82, 863

6. For scientific services ...

7. For the royal naval reserve, the

royal fleet reserve, and the royal

432, 500

71, 394

naval volunteer reserve, &c.

412, 500

342

/8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., 1

at dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad -

6, 852,000

106, 514

/, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

&o., at dockyards and naval

yards at home and abroad -

5, 188, 500

1, 435, 200

Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &o. -

8, 025, 200

263, 750

Carried forward - - £

41, 177, 100

2, 967, 704

126

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

41, 177, 100

2, 967, 704

No.

9. For naval armaments (including

wages, &c., of 450 royal marine

police).

3, 883, 600

499, 628

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at

home and abroad, including the

cost of superintendence, purchase

of sites, grants in aid, and other

charges connected therewith

1, 805,000

420,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective

i

services.

767, 600

51, 670

12. For the Admiralty Office

1, 197,000

9, 120

13. For non-effective services (naval

and marine)—officers -

3, 004,000

25, 963

14. For non-effective services (naval and

marine)—men -

4, 518, 500

35, 550

15. For civil superannuation, compen-

sation allowances and gratuities -

947, 300

980

Total Navy Services £

57, 300,000

4, 010, 615

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

127

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 5. Sched. (b.i

_ Past 5.

Army.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on 31st day of March 1929; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

(Grants.

in Aid.

No

1. For the pay, &c., of His Majesty’s

Army (to a number not exceeding

153, 500) at home and abroad

(exclusive of India) ...

9, 023,000

3, 959,000

2. For the Army Reserve, Supplemen-

tary Reserve, Territorial Army,

Officers’ Training Corps, and

Channel Islands and Colonial

Militia, &c..

5, 399,000

35, 500

3. For medical services ...

1, 013,000

41,000

4. For educational establishments

885,000

143,000

5. For quartering and movements

1, 436,000

716,000

6. For supplies, road transport, and

remounts.

5, 140,000

381,000

7. For clothing ----

1, 129,000

185,000

8. For general stores - -

1, 372,000

240,000

9. For warlike stores, including technical

establishments -

2, 442,000

833,000

Carried forward - - £

27, 839,000

6, 533, 500

128

Cfl. 18.

SCHED. (R.)

Part 5.

Army.

■Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.,

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 5— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

27, 839,000

6, 533, 500 .

No.

10. For works, buildings, and lands,

including military and civilian

staff and other charges in connection therewith -

3, 040,000

315,000

11. For miscellaneous effective services -

1, 177,000

195,000

12. For the War Office ...

853,000

5,000

13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective charges for officers - -,

3, 580,000

655, 400 ,

14. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, out-pensions, rewards for

distinguished services, widows ’

pensions, and other non-effective

charges for warrant officers, noncommissioned officers, and men,

&c..

4, 329,000

512,000

15. For civil superannuation, compensation, additional allowances,

gratuities, injury grants, &c.

232,000

100

Total Army Services £

41, 050,000

8, 216,000

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the ordnance factories, the cost of

productions of which will be charged

to the army, navy, air force and

Indian, Dominion and Colonial Governments ----

100

2, 878, 700

Total Army Services'!

(including Ordnance >£

41, 050, 100

11, 094, 700

Factories) - - J

Ch. 18.

1928.

• T

' Appropriation Act, 1928.

129

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 6. Sched. (b.)

_ Paet 6.

Air.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1929, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

e

1. For the pay, &c., of 32, 500 of all

ranks of the Air Force

3, 401,000

872,000

2. For the quartering, stores (except

technical), supplies, and transport

1, 711,000

161,000

3. For technical and warlike stores

(including experimental and re-

search services) -

6, 567,000

1, 563,000

4. For works, buildings, repairs, and

lands, including civilian staff, and

other charges connected therewith

1, 700,000

220,000

5. For medical services ...

310,000

8,000

6. For educational services -

504,000

11,000

7. For auxiliary and reserve forces

554,000

100

8. For Civil Aviation - -

415,000

12,000

9. For the meteorological and miscel-

laneous effective services

223,000

20,000

10. For the Air Ministry ...

657,000

2,000

11* For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective services -

208,000

16,000

Total Air Services - £

16, 250,000

2, 885, 100

130

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 7.

Civil.

Class I.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices of the House of Lords

. 64, 856

H '

5, 500

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

House of Commons -

3. For expenses under the Represen-

355, 270

16,000

tation of the People Act, 1918

4. For the salaries and other expenses

in the department of His Majesty’s

Treasury, and subordinate depart-

210,000

ments -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s most

307, 017

28, 553

Honourable Privy Council -

9, 023

6,000

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Lord Privy Seal

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England

2, 620

and Wales -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

41, 812

3,000

Civil Service Commission

41, 485

21, 600

i Carried forward - - £

1, 022, 083 1

80, 653

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 7.

CIVIL. —Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929, viz.:—

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

131

° SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 7 — continued. Sched. (B.)

' ' Past 7.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

to

Brought forward - t

1, 022, 083

80, 653

No.

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Comptroller

and Auditor General -

149, 560

7, 797

10. For making good the deficiency on

the Income Account of the Fund

for Friendly Societies -

5, 975

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

C

department of the Government

Actuary ----

34, 716

2, 125

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government

Chemist ----

64, 850

465

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Govern-

ment Hospitality Fund

12,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses

of coinage, and for the expenses of the preparation of medals, dies

for postage and other stamps, and

His Majesty’s seals ...

150,000

3, 714,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office -

15, 769

13, 670

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee

81, 795

■17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the

Office of Land Revenue Records

and Inrolments -

37, 196

700

Carried forward - - £

1, 573, 944

3, 819, 410

132

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil.

Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward

No.

18. For the salaries and expenses of the

establishment under the Public

Works Loan Commissioners -

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1, 573, 944

3, 819, 410

10

28, 059

19. For making the payment due to the

• Local Loans Fund in respect of

advances in Northern Ireland and

to make good certain sums written

off from the assets of the Local

Loans Fund - . -

ft

86, 200

20. For the salaries and other expenses

of Royal Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries, &c.,

including provision for Shorthand

and the expenses of surplus stores,

&c., liquidation -

21. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants-in-aid

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries -

22. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services -

23. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish office and subordinate offices, expenses under the

Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900,

expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act,

1899; a subsidy for steamer

services to the Hebrides; and

payments in respect of unemployment schemes - -

24. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain Miscellaneous advances -

Total, Civil, Class I. - £

38,000 6, 190

69, 568 13, 500

180,000 —

285, 154

10, 639

1, 500

2, 243, 515

3, 868, 659

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

133

SCHED. (B,)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may' 4 be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civtl Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929, viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 8.

CIVIL. —Class II.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. Tor the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for Foreign

Affairs.

2. For the expenses in connection with

His Majesty’s embassies, missions,

and consular establishments

abroad, and other expenditure

chargeable to the Consular Vote,

relief of refugees from the

Near East, certain special grants,

including a grant in aid, and

sundry services arising out of the

War.

1, 044, 993

604, 307

3. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations

and for other expenses in connection therewith, including British

Representation before the Permanent Court of International

Justice -

76, 300

Carried forward £

1, 327, 993

707, 214

206, 700

102, 907

134

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5,

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8— continued.

Part 8. ' '

Civil. " ~ .

Class U. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 1, 327, 993 707, 214

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Dominion

Affairs.'49, 123 35, 442

5. For sundry Dominion services, including a grant in aid, for advances

in certain cases on account of

liabilities assumed by the government of the Irish Free State in

connection with compensation for '

damage to property or with land

purchase, for certain ex gratia

grants, and for expenditure in

connection with ex-service men in

the Irish Free State - 376, 349 50, 028

6. For a grant in aid of the Empire

Marketing Fund - 500,000 —

7. For the expenses connected with

Oversea Settlement, including

certain grants in aid and expenses

arising out of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922 --- - 1, 330,000 88,000

8. Fop the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the Colonies 144, 849 4, 723

9. For sundry Colonial and Middle

Eastern services under His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the

Colonies, including certain non-

effective services, and grants in aid 1, 068, 525

4, 796, 839

Carried forward

41, 500

926, 907

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

135

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued. Sched. (B.)

Paot 8.

Sums not exceeding

> Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

W)

Brought forward

4, 796, 839

926, 907

No.

10. For a contribution towards the cost

of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in

Council, including a grant in aid,

and to pay a grant in aid of the

Indian Statutory Commission

132, 334

11. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land

in the United Kingdom, and a

grant in aid of the Imperial War

Graves Commission Fund, formed

under Royal Charter, 21st May

1917, and a contribution towards

an endowment fund -

673, 038

12. For a contribution towards the expenses of a system of submarine

cables and wireless telegraph stations in the West Indian Islands

and British Guiana -

2, 200

12, 200

Total, Civil, Class II. - £

5, 604, 411

939, 107

136

Ch. 18,

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 9.

CIVIL.— Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Home Department

and subordinate offices, including

liquidation expenses of the Royal

Irish Constabulary and contributions towards the expenses of

probation.

2. For the expenses of the maintenance

• of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner

and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the

Receiver for the Metropolitan

Police District, bonus to Metropolitan Police Magistrates, the

contribution towards the expenses

of the Metropolitan Police, the

salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary, and other

- grants in respect of Police Expenditure, including places of detention and a grant in aid of the

Police Federation -

Carried forward £

' f

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

433, 588

53, 653

71, 680

4, 825

7, 132, 260

210

7, 637, 528

58, 688

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

137

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 9 — continued .

Sums not exceeding

Supply j

G rants.

ippropriationa

in Aid.

VD

Brought forward

4. For the expenses of the prisons in

England and Wales -

7, 637, 528

973, 969

58, 688

213, 750

> 6. For grants in respect of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in

reformatory and industrial schools,

and in auxiliary homes in England

and Wales, and whilst under supervision; also for the payment of

salaries and other expenses in connection with the collection of

parental contributions towards the

maintenance of such children

240, 071

19, 550

6. For such of the salaries and expenses

of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal

as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, including bonus on

certain statutory salaries, and a

grant in aid, and the salaries and

expenses of pensions appeals tribunals

100

509, 053

7. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts,

including bonus to County Court

Judges.

10

727, 651

8. For the salaries and'expenses of the

office of Land Registry

10

155, 331

0. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee

10

222, 097

Carried forward - - £

8, 851, 698

1, 906, 120

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class HI.

138

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past fi.

Civil.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 9 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

8, 851, 698

1, 906, 120

No.

10. For the salaries of the law officers

department, the salaries and expenses of the departments of His Majesty’s Procurator-General, and

of the Solicitor for the Affairs of

His Majesty’s Treasury, and of the department of the Director of

Public Prosecutions, for the costs

of prosecutions, of other legal

proceedings, and of Parliamentary

Agency.

ft

, 161, 529

35,000

11. For certain miscellaneous legal

expenses, for the salaries and expenses of arbitrators, &c., under

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,

and for a grant in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law

Society of England ...

38, 892

4, 125

12. For grants in respect of Police

expenditure and for a grant'in aid

of the Police Federation in Scotland

855,000

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Prison Commissioners for Scotland,

and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of

criminal lunatics, defectives, and

inmates of the State inebriate

reformatory, the preparation of

judicial statistics, and a grant for

certain expenses connected with

discharged prisoners -

143, 757

21, 845

Carried forward - - £

10, 050, 876

1, 967, 090

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

139

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class III.

Brought forward

No.

14. For the expense of the maintenance

of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial

schools, and in auxiliary homes

in Scotland, including the expenses of collection of parental

contributions -

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

10, 050, 876

1, 967, 090

63, 900

4, 600

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Scottish Land Court,

including bonus to members of the

Court .

9, 657

300

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s department and

other law charges, the salaries

and expenses of the Courts of

Law and Justice and of pensions

appeals tribunals in Scotland,

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries -

100, 987

136,000

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices in His Majesty’s General

Register House, Edinburgh -

10

73, 588

18. For the cost of certain Northern

Ireland services, including expenditure in connection with ex-

service officers and men in Northern

Ireland, and bonus on certain

statutory salaries -

Carried forward - - £

12, 656

10, 238, 086

2 ,

6, 242 '

187, 720

140

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class IH.

SCHEDULE (BJ—Pam 9— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

10, 238, 086

2, 187, 720

No.

19. For such of the salaries and*expenses of the Supreme Court of

Judicature of Northern Ireland,

and of the Land Registry of

Northern Ireland, as are not

charged on the Consolidated Fund,

and other expenses -

17, 630

31, 400

20. For the salaries and expenses of

iii

the Land Purchase Commission,

Northern .Ireland, including the

payment of land purchase annui-

ties in Northern Ireland and the

expenses of certain land purchase

services in the Irish Free State

reserved as an imperial liability -

2, 048, 049

134, 890

Total, Civil, Class III. - £

12, 303, 665

2, 354, 010

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

141

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class IV

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto* to

defray the charges of the several Civil Sebvioes herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929, viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10.

CIVIL.— Class IV.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the

various establishments connected

therewith, including sundry grants

in aid ----

Soma not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

£ *

[41, 215, 828

5, 029, 782

2. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum, and of the

Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid

280, 887

19, 264

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Museum

13, 039

785

4. For the salaries and expenses in

respect of the London Museum,

Lancaster House -

4, 810

1, 250

5 .

For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, and of the

National Gallery of British Art,

Millbank, including a grant in aid

for the purchase of pictures -

Carried forward - - £

39, 282

4, 300

41, 553, 846

5, 055, 381

142

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 10.

Civil.

Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Paet 10 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

6. Bor the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase

of portraits -

41, 553, 846

8, 153

5, 055, 381

920

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection -

11, 136

2, 430

8. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &e., and other

grants ---- 225, 085

, ii

9. For grants in aid of the expenses of

certain Universities, Colleges,

Medical Schools, &c., in Great

Britain, and for grants to schools

under the Welsh Intermediate

Education Act, 1889 - 1, 579, 400

10. For public education in Scotland,

and for ' the Royal Scottish

Museum, Edinburgh, including

a grant in aid -

6, 103, 616

700, 675

11. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland,

the Scottish National Portrait

Gallery, and the Museum of

Antiquities, including certain

grants in aid -

10, 738

198

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

Total, Civil, Class IV. £

475

5, 110

49, 492, 449

5, 764, 714

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

143

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil.

Clas3 V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sumk which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including

grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &o., in connection with Public Health Services, grants-in-aid in respect of

benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health

Insurance Acts, certain expenses

in connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, and

certain special services

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Control (Lunacy and

Mental Deficiency), England, and

grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service

20, 774, 025

918, 645

mental patients -

3. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

746, 094

16, 023

General of Births, &c. -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National

Health Insurance Aots, 1924 and

92, 867

24, 500

1926 .

165, 310

5, 070

Carried forward - - £

21, 778, 296

964, 238

SCHEDULE (B.)— Past 11.

CIVIL.— Class V.

144

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil.

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

No. Brought forward

5. For grants to local authorities, &e.,

in England and Wales, in respect

of capital works approved as unemployment schemes and for

grants to local authorities, &c., in

Great Britain for assistance in

carrying out approved schemes of

useful work financed otherwise

than by way of loan to relieve

unemployment -

(?. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies

7. For the payment of Old Age Pensions, for certain administrative

expenses in connection therewith,

and for pensions under the Blind

Persons Act, 1920 -

8. For the Treasury Pensions Account

in accordance with the provision

of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions Act,

1925 .

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including

the Exchequer contribution to

the Unemployment Fund, grants

to associations, local education

authorities and others under the

Unemployment Insurance and

Labour Exchanges and other

Acts; expenses of the Industrial

Court; contribution towards the

expenses of the International

Labour Organisation (League of

Nations) and sundry services, including services arising out of the

war ----

Carried forward £

21, 778, 296

964, 238

ff

1, 625,000

43, 906

4, 900

hi

33, 681,000

3,000

4,000,000

11, 617, 509

5, 007, 592

72, 645, 711

5, 979, 730

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

145

’ SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11 — continued.

Soma not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

1

in Aid.

Brought forward

72, 645, 711

5, 979, 730

No.

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Board of Health, including grants and other expenses

in connection with housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., in connection with public health services,

grant-in-aid of the Highlands and

Islands medical service, grants-in-

aid in respect of benefits and ex-

penses of administration under the

National Health Insurance Acts,

certain expenses in connection

with the Widows’, Orphans’ and

Old Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925, and certain special

services -

2, 867.515

129, 852

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

General Board of Control for

Scotland and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-

service mental patients

85, 144

615

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland

15, 680

2, 100

Total, Civil, Class V. - £

75, 614, 050

6, 112, 197

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil.

Class V.

K

146

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12.

CIVIL.— Class VI.

Schedule of 'Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Committee of Privy

Council for Trade, and subordinate

departments, including certain

Services arising out of the War -

‘it

215, 776

332, 293

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1914 and 1926, and

the Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1920 -

10

163, 882

3. For the salaries and expenses of

certain services transferred from

the Mercantile Marine Fund and

other services connected with the

Mercantile Marine, including the

Coastguard, General Register and

Record Office of .Shipping and

Seamen, Merchant Seamen’s Fund

Pensions and grants to the General

Lighthouse Fund and other Lighthouse Authorities -

Carried forward - - £

388, 609 276, 893

604, 294 773, 068

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928,

Ch. 18.

147

"SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Soma not exceeding

8upply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

J

Brought forward

No.

L For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Overseas Trade,

including a grant in aid of the

Imperial Institute -

604, 294

320, 973

773, 068

145, 930

5. For guarantees in respect of exports

of goods wholly or partly produced

or manufactured in the United

Kingdom -

90,000

7, 500

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Mines Department of the Board of

Trade

176, 419

6, 901

7. For the salaries and expenses in

the office of Commissioners of

Crown Lands, including bonus to

Commissioner and Secretary

28, 563

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries, expenses under the Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act,

1924, loans to and relief of agricultural co-operative societies, grants

for Agricultural Education and

Research, grants for eradication of

Tuberculosis in cattle, grants for

land drainage, grants in aid of the

Small Holdings Account, and certain other grants in aid; and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew

Carried forward - - £

2, 127, 519 463, 896

3, 347, 768 1, 397, 295

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class VI.

148

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriationa

Grants.

in Aid.

£ .

Brought forward

3, 347, 768

1, 397, 295

No.

9. For a subsidy on sugar and molasses

manufactured from beet grown in

Great Britain -

4, 250,000

10. For the expenses of the survey of

ff

Great Britain, and of minor

services connected therewith

143, 095

93, 485

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry

Fund ----

« 485, 600

— *

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport under

the Ministry of Transport Act,

1919, expenses of the Railway

Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921, expenses under

the London Traffic Act, 1924,

expenses in respect of advances

under the Light Railways Act,

1896, expenses of maintaining

Holyhead Harbour, advances to

meet deficit in Ramsgate Harbour

Fluid, advances to Caledonian

and Crinan Canals, and for expenditure in connection with the

Severn Barrage Investigation

106, 302

159, 600

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Development Fund ----

400,000

Carried forward £

8, 732, 765

1, 650, 380

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

149

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

J

Brought forward

No.

8, 732, 765

1, 650, 380

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the

Geological Survey of Great Britain,

and Museum of Practical Geology

and a grant in aid ...

446, 220

183, 954

15. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts,

including the salaries of the

central office and the cost of

acquisition and management of

licensed premises ...

100

669, 620

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Agriculture for Scotland,

including grants for agricultural

education and training, loans to

co-operative societies, and certain

grants in aid ----

450, 179

124, 694

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland,

including expenses of marine

superintendence, and grants in

aid of piers or quays -

65, 855

22, 248

Total, Civil, Class VI. £

9, 695, 119

2, 650, 896

SCHED. (B.)

Past 12.

Civil.

Class VT.

150

Ch. 18

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 13.

Civil.

Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of

payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929, viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13.

CIVIL. —Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

a

No;

1. For expenditure in respect of Art and

Science buildings, Great Britain -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

GrantB. in Aid.

i

251, 200

7, 700

2. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings

278, 250

20, 700 .

3. For expenditure in respect of the

Houses of Parliament buildings -

4. For expenditure in respect of

Housing Estates under the

management of the Office of

Works -

69, 490 600

1, 930 105, 900

5i For expenditure in respect of Employment Exchange, and Insurance buildings, Great Britain

(including Ministries of Labour

and Health and the Scottish Board

of Health).

533, 430

10, 480

6. For a contribution to the cost of the

improvement of the approach to

the Mall -

Carried forward - - £

10

1, 134, 310

145, 280

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

151

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

7. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings

1, 134, 310

108, 720

145, 280

1, 050

8. For expenditure in respect of

Osborne .

16, 360

6, 070 j

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Works and Publio

Buildings.

610, 360

112,000

10. For expenditure in respect of

sundry public buildings in Great

Britain not provided for in

other Votes, including Historic

Buildings, Ancient Monuments

and Brompton Cemetery

1, 312, 690

192,000

11. For expenditure in respect of royal

palaces, including a grant in aid -

80, 600

10, 750

12. For expenditure in respect of

Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph

buildings in Great Britain, certain

Post Offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with

boats and launches belonging to

the Customs and Excise Department ----

1, 333, 780

29,000

Carried forward - - £

4, 696, 810

495, 150

SCHED. (B.)

Past 13.

Civil.

Class VIE.

152

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5,

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class VH.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Paet_13— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

13. For expenditure in respect of the

4, 596, 810

495, 150

royal parks and pleasure gardens -

"14. For rates and contributions in lieu

199,000

43, 080

of rates, &c., in respect of property

in the occupation of the Crown

for the Public Service, and for

rates on buildings occupied by Representatives of British Dominions

and of Foreign Powers, and to pay

ff

the salaries and expenses of the

Rating of Government Property

Department, and a grant in aid

of the expenses of the London

Fire Brigade -

15. For stationery, printing, paper,

binding, and printed books for

the public service, for the salaries

and expenses of the Stationery

1, 914, 909

72, 500

Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports

of Parliamentary Debates -

16. For the expense of constructing

a new harbour of refuge at

1, 595, 363

658, 500

Peterhead.

17. For expenditure in respect of public

32,000

works and buildings in Ireland

121, 250

31, 240

Total, Civil, Class VII. £

8, 469, 332

1, 300, 470

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

Ch. 18.

153

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 14. Sched. (B.)

_ Part 14.

Civil.

Class VIII.

CIVIL.— Class VIIL

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1929,

viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For War pensions and allowances

(including cost of treatment) to

merchant seamen and fishermen

and their dependants, and the

administrative expenses connected

therewith ---- 410, 876 —

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for

sundry contributions in respect

of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916,

and the War Pensions Acts, 1916

to 1921, and sundry services - 67, 216, 800 25,000

3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and

disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and

to widows and children of such

members, including annuities to

the National Debt Commissioners

in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain

extra-statutory payments - - 696, 302 1, 193, 622

Carried forward - - £ 58, 322, 978 1, 218, 622

154

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Class Vin.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14 — continued.

• ' 1 t- -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

58, 322, 978

1, 218, 622

No.

4. For superannuation, compensation,

compassionate and additional

allowances and gratuities under

sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances, gratuities and

supplementary pensions awarded

by the Treasury, and, under the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920,

by the Civil Service Committee -

I'f

1, 543, 433

81, 200

Total, Class VIII. - £

59, 866, 411

ii_

1, 299, 822

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15.

Civil

Clas3 IX.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 15.

CIVIL. —Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several CrvxL Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1929, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

clearing office for enemy debts (including enemy property department), shipping liquidation, and

certain other services arising out

of the war ----

200

673, 141

Carried forward £

200

673, 141

, 1928. Appropriation Act, 1928. Ch. 18. 155

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 15— continued.

Stuns not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No Brought forward

2. For expenditure arising out of

contracts dated 9th April 1918,

and 3rd March 1922, entered into

with the Zinc Producers’ Association Proprietary, Limited, for

the purchase of Zino Concen-

, £

200

673, 141

trates .

3. For expenditure arising from the

Government control of railways

in Great Britain and Ireland

under the Regulation of the

635, 200

1, 502, 200

Forces Act, 1871, section 16

100

— —- w

Total, Class IX. £

535, 600

2, 175, 341

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15.

Civil.

Class IX.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 16.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments,

&c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in

course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day

of March 1929, viz.:—

Stuns not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

4, 921, 400

228, 200

Inland Revenue Department

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs

6, 855, 650

160, 775

and Telephones -

57, 314,000

2, 429, 191

Total Revenue Departments - £

69, 091, 050

2, 818, 166

SCHED. (B.)

Part 16.

Revenue

Depart-

Ch. 18.

Appropriation Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (C.)

Part I.

Navy-

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part I.

Navy See vices, 1926,

Votes.

. Wages, &c., of Officers,

Seamen, Boys, and Royal

Marines, and Civilians

employed on Fleet Services -

Victualling and Clothing

. Medical Establishments and

Services -

. Fleet Air Arm - - . -

. Educational Services -

. Scientific Services

. Royal Naval Reserve -

, Shipbuilding, Repairs,

Maintenance, &c.:

Sec. 1. Personnel

Sec. 2. Materiel -

Sec. 3. Contract Work

Naval Armaments

Works, Buildings, and

Repairs ....

Miscellaneous Effective

Services ....

Admiralty Office

Non-Effective Services

(Naval and Marine),

Officers -

Non-Effective Services

(Naval and Marine), Men

Civil Superannuation,

Compensation Allowances,

and Gratuities

Balance irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned -

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ s. d.

£ a. d.

£ 8. d.

£ s. d.

8, 450 14 7

403.772 17 9

26, 768 6 3

213, 121 19 2

8, 706 17 11

9, 273 14 3

6, 737 12 4

9, 501 12 8

40, 338 11 1

1, 122 6 2

270 9 7

1, 011 13 10

22, 139 3 2

21, 387 6 4

42, 301 6 3

15, 768 3 4

, -

120, 257 7 0

31, 769 11 3

43, 388 18 10

115, 247 18 9

240, 791 4 8

26, 068 5 2

38, 021 0 6

3, 009 13 0

13, 832 9 2

2, 628 2 2

63, 564 2 2

8, 744 19 1

32, 417 3 8

27, 843 6 1

44, 711 10 ' 4

160 19 7

23, 002 3 4

Total Surpluses:

£1, 311, 679 9 6

Net Surplus s £ 957, 137 11 7

1928.

Appropriation Act, 1928.

SCHEDULE (C.)—Part H.

Ch. 18.

Pay, &c., of the Army

Territorial Army and Reserve Forces -

Medical Services

Educational Establishments

Quartering and Movements

Supplies, Road Transport

and Remounts

Clothing ....

General Stores ...

Warlike and Engineer

Technical Stores -

Works, Buildings, and

Lands •

Miscellaneous Effective

Services ....

War Office -

Half-Pay, Retired Pay, and

other Non-Effective

Charges for Officers

Pensions and other Non-

Effective Charges for

Warrant Officers, Non-

Commissioned Officers,

Men and others

Civil Superannuation, Compensation and Gratuities

Balances irrecoverable «

SCHED. (C.)

Part EL

Army

Services.

Section 5.

Deficits.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

1

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ 8. d.

£ a. d.

443, 322 9 4

9, 923 14 4

113, 954 13 6

51, 737 14 5

163, 120 15 5

962 8 3

222 2 4

163, 115 14 10

9, 546 6 6

69, 983 11 9

190, 035 10 10

1, 485 5 6

33, 314 11 9

35, 008 5 5

17, 419 4 6

51 17 10

Surpluses.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

30, 513 5 2

2, 587 2 11

2, 295 3 2

Total Deficits:

£1, 303, 204 6 6

Total Surpluses:

£1, 505, 579 3

Net Surplus:£202, 374 17 5

158

Ch. 19.

Prescription

and use of

grade

designations.

Grade

designation

marks.

Agricultural Produce 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

CHAPTER-19.

An Act to provide for the grading and marking of

agricultural produce and for purposes connected

with the matters aforesaid.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same; ,

as follows:—

Grading of Agricultural Produce.

1.—(1) The Minister may by regulations made under

this Act prescribe such designations (in this Act referred

to as "grade designations") as he may consider

appropriate to indicate the quality of any articles of

agricultural produce, and any such regulations shall,

contain a definition (in this Act referred to as " the

statutory definition ") of the quality indicated by every

grade designation thereby prescribed.

(2) Where any person sells any article of agricultural

produce to which a grade designation is applied, then,

notwithstanding any contract or notice to the contrary,

it shall be deemed to be a term of the contract of sale

that the quality of the article accords with the statutory

definition indicated by the grade designation.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, a grade designation

shall be deemed to be applied to an article if it is used

by or on behalf of the vendor, when the article is sold or

delivered or exposed or offered for sale, in any manner

calculated to lead to the belief that the quality of the

article in connection with which it is used accords

with the statutory definition indicated by the grade

designation. . .

2.—(1) Regulations made by the Minister under

this Act may prescribe such mark (in this Act referred

to as a " grade designation mark ") as he may consider

appropriate to represent any grade designation, and

may make provision for authorising, or empowering

any person or body of persons to authorise, subject to

1928.

Agricultural Produce

(Grading and. Marking) Act t 1928.

Ch. 19.

159

such, conditions as may be attached to the authorisation,

the marking with a grade designation mark of any

article in respect of which such a mark has been prescribed or of any covering containing, or label attached

to, any such article.

, (2) Any person who sells or delivers, or exposes or

offers for sale any article marked with a grade designation mark, or who uses any covering or label so marked,

whether the article, covering or label was so marked by

him or by some other person, shall be deemed for the

purposes of the last foregoing section to use, in connection with the article marked or in connection with

any article which is contained in the covering or to which

the label is attached, as the case may be, the grade

designation represented by the mark.

(3) Any person who—

(a) forges any grade designation mark; or

(b) makes, disposes of, or has in his possession,

any die, block, machine, or other instrument,

for the purpose of forging a grade designation

mark; or

(c) uses in connection with any article any mark

so nearly resembling a grade designation mark

as to be calculated to deceive;

shall, unless he proves that he acted without intent to

defraud, be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine

not exceeding twenty pounds, or, on conviction on

indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

two years or to a fine, or to both imprisonment and fine.

(4) No person shall mark any article, covering or

label with a grade designation mark unless he is autho '

rised to do so by or under regulations made under this Act, and any person who acts in contravention of this

subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Special provisions as to Eggs.

3. Subject as hereinafter provided, it shall not, after Marking of the twenty-eighth day of February, nineteen hundred and preserved i

twenty-nine, be lawful to sell or expose for sale any egg eggs *

160 Ch. 19. Agricultural Produce 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

which has been subjected to any process of preservation

unless the egg is marked in the prescribed manner,

and any person who acts in contravention of this

section shall be liable on summary conviction in the

case of a first offence to a fine not exceeding five

pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent

offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds:

Provided that the Minister shall by order exempt

from the operation of this section eggs preserved by any

process with respect to which he is satisfied that the

marking of eggs preserved by that process cannot be

enforced.

Cold and 4.—(1) Any premises used or intended to be used by

chemical way of trade or for purposes of gain fOi* the cold storage

storage of or chemical storage of eggs may be registered in the

egg 3 - prescribed manner in a register kept by the council

of the county or coimty borough in which the premises

are situated, in accordance with regulations made by the Minister under this Act.

(2) If and so long as any Order in Council made

16 & 17 under section two of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1926,

Geo. 6. c. 63. is in force prohibiting the sale or the exposure for sale

in the United Kingdom of imported eggs unless they

bear an indication of origin, the following provisions

shall have effect, that is to say :—

(a) no premises shall be used by way of trade or

for the purposes of gain for the cold storage or

chemical storage of eggs, unless the premises

are registered premises, and, if any premises

are used in contravention of the provisions of this section, the occupier of the premises shall

be guilty of an offence under this section:

(b) it shall not be lawful to cause*. British eggs,

which have been kept in cold storage or chemical

storage in any premises used for such storage

of eggs by way of trade or for purposes of gain,

to be removed from such premises unless the

eggs have been marked in the prescribed

manner, and for the purpose of securing the

enforcement of this provision the Minister may,

by notice in writing served on the occupier of

any registered premises, give directions that

1928.

Agricultural Produce

{Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

Ch. 19.

161

British eggs which have been kept in cold

storage or chemical storage in any part of the

premises are not to be removed from such

parts of the premises as may be specified in

the notice until they have been marked in the

prescribed manner, and a copy of any notice

so served shall be kept by the occupier conspicuously posted in such parts of the premises

as the Minister may direct; if any person

contravenes or fails to comply with the provisions of this paragraph or of any directions

given thereunder, he shall be guilty of an offence

under this section:

(c) an officer of the council of any county or county

borough, if authorised in that behalf and on

production if so required of his authority, may

at any time during the hours when the premises

are open for business enter any premises in

which he has reason to believe that eggs "are

kept in cold storage or chemical storage, and

may search for and inspect eggs in the premises,

and may require any person whom he finds in

or about the premises to give such information

as may reasonably be demanded of him as to

any name and address required by the officer

for the purposes of enabling him to carry out

his duties under this Act, and any person

who obstructs an officer so authorised in the

execution of the powers conferred on him by

this section or wilfully withholds any information which any such officer is empowered by

this Act to require of him shall be guilty of

an offence under this section;

(d) if any person removes, alters or obliterates any

mark which, in compliance with the requirements of the foregoing provisions of this section,

was borne by any egg at the time when it was

stored in any such premises as aforesaid, or sells

or exposes for sale any egg from which such a

mark has been removed or on which such a mark

has been altered or obliterated, he shall, unless

he proves that he acted without intent to

defraud, be guilty of an offence under this

section, and in the case of a second or

L

Ifi2 Ch. 19. Agricultural Produce 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

{Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

subsequent offence under this paragraph the

court may, in addition to any other penalty,

order any eggs in relation to which the offence

has been committed to be forfeited:

(e) any person guilty of an offence under this

section shall be liable on summary conviction

in c the case of a first offence to a fine not

exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a

second or subsequent offence to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds.

Supplementary.

5. Subject as hereinafter provided, it shall be the

-duty of the council of every county.or county borough

to enforce within their county or county borough the

provisions of this Act, and for that purpose to appoint

such officers as may be necessary, and any expenses

incurred by a council under this Act shall be defrayed

in the case of a county council as part of their expenses

for general county purposes, and in the case of a county

borough, out of the borough fund or «the borough rate:

Provided that as respects the administrative county

of London, the common council of the City of London

and the council of every metropolitan borough shall,

to the exclusion of any other council, perform and

exercise in their respective areas the duties and powers

imposed and conferred by this Act on councils of counties

and county boroughs, and this Act shall, in its application

to the administrative county of London, have effect

as if for references therein to an officer of the council of

any county or county borough there were substituted

references to an officer of the common council or of the

council of any metropolitan borough, as the case may

be, and any expenses incurred by the common council

or by the council of a metropolitan borough under this Act shall be defrayed out of the general rate.

Provisions 6.—(1) All regulations made under this Act shall be

aa to laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are

arwi^orders ma de, and if either House of Parliament, within the next

6 ' subsequent twenty-one days on which that House sat

next after the regulations are laid before it presents an

Address to Has Majesty praying that the regulations or

Enforcement and

expenses.

1928.

Agricultural Produce

(Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

Ch. 19.

163

any part of them may be annulled, they shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of

anything previously done thereunder or to the making of

new regulations.

(2) Any order made or notice served under this Act

may be varied or revoked by any subsequent order

made or notice served in like manner. 1

(3) A copy of any notice served under this Act on

the occupier of any registered premises shall be sent

to the council whose duty it is to enforce the provisions

of this Act as respects those premises.

7. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, Interpreta-

the following expressions have the meanings hereby tion.

respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Agricultural produce " includes horticultural

produce:

" British eggs" means eggs produced in the United

Kingdom:

" Chemical storage" means storage for the purpose of preserving eggs by any process which

does not alter the composition of the shells,

including storage in any gas, vapour, or gaseous

mixture:

" Covering " includes any vessel, box, crate, wrapper,

tray, or other container:

" Egg" means an egg laid by a domestic fowl or

domestic duck:

" Grade designation" means a grade designation

prescribed under this Act:

" Label " includes any band or ticket:

" Minister" means the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries:

" Prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made

by the Minister under this Act:

" Quality, " in relation to any articles, includes the

state and condition of those articles:

" Registered premises" means premises for the

time being registered in manner provided by

this Act.

8. In the application of this Act to Scotland, Application

references to the Board of Agriculture for Scotland shall to Scotland,

be substituted for references to the Minister of Agriculture

164

Ch. 19, 20.

Saving for

other Acts.

Short title

and extent.

Amendment

of 34 & 35

Vict. c. 105.

s. 2.

Agricultural Produce 18 & 19 Geo. 5 *

(Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

and Fisheries, references to a town council shall be substituted for references to a council of a county borough, and the expenses of any council shall be defrayed out of such rate as the council may appoint.

9. The provisions of this Act shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the provisions of any other enactment relating to or affecting merchandise marks or the sale of any article with respect to which this Act applies.

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural

Produce (Grading and Marking) Act, 1928.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the enactments relating to

petroleum and to petroleum-spirit.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For the definitions of the terms "harbour" and

"harbour authority" contained in section two of the

Petroleum Act, 1871, there shall be substituted the

following definitions :—

The term "harbour" means any harbour, whether

natural or artificial, and any "port, haven,

estuary, tidal or other river, canal or inland

navigation. navigated by seagoing ships and,

subject to the provisions of this Act, any

dock:

The term "harbour authority" means any person

or body of persons in whom are vested by

or under any Act of Parliament powers and

1928. Petroleum (. Amendment) Ch. 20. 165

Act, 1928.

duties of improving, maintaining or managing

a harbour, so, however, that where, as respects

any dock within a harbour, such powers and

duties are separately vested by or under any Act

of Parliament in any person or, body of persons,

that person or body shall as respects that dock

be the harbour authority and the dock shall be

deemed to be a separate harbour:

The term "dock " includes any pier, jetty or other

place in or at which ships can ship or unship

goods or passengers.

2. Any Order in Council made by His Majesty Amendment

under section fourteen of the Petroleum Act, 1871, of 34 & 35

applying any provisions of the Petroleum Acts, 1871 to Vi< ?^ °- 105 *

1926, to any substance, may direct that such provisions 8 ' *

shall apply to the substance with such modifications,

if any, as may seem to His Majesty to be desirable

having regard to the nature of the substance to which

the Order relates.

3. Section five of the Locomotives on Highways Repeal and

Act, 1896 (which empowers a Secretary of State to re-enact-

make regulations as to the keeping and use of petroleum ment yith

or of any other inflammable liquid or fuel for the &60 *

purpose of light locomotives), shall cease to have effect vi c t. c . 36

and the following provisions shall have effect in lieu s. 6.

thereof :—

" (1) The Secretary of State may make

regulations as to the keeping and use of petroleum-

spirit by persons intending to use it for the purpose

of any class of motor vehicles, motor boats,

aircraft, or engines specified in the regulations,

and any such regulations may exempt the keeping

and use of petroleum-spirit by persons intending

to use it for the purpose of any such class as

aforesaid to which the regulations apply from

the operation of any of the provisions of the

Petroleum Acts, 1871 to 1928, relating to byelaws

as to ships carrying petroleum-spirit, and as to the

loading, conveyance, and landing of such spirit

in and upon canals, notices by the owner or

master of ships carrying petroleum-spirit, labels

on vessels containing petroleum-spirit, licences

•166 Ch. 20. Petroleum (Amendment) 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

for keeping petroleum-spirit, and regulations as to

the conveyance of petroleum-spirit by road.

" (2) All regulations made under this section

shall 'be laid before each House of Parliament

as soon as may be after they are made, and if an

Address is presented to His Majesty by either

House of Parliament within the next subsequent

forty days on which that House has sat next after

such regulation is laid before it, praying that

the regulation may be annulled, it shall thenceforth

be void, but without prejudice to the validity

of anything previously done thereunder or to the

making of any new regulation.

" (3) If any person contravenes or attempts

to contravene any regulation made under this

section, he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for each

day on which the offence occurs or continues,

and the court before whom any person is convicted under this subsection may order that the

petroleum-spirit in respect of which the offence

was committed, and any vessel in which it is

contained, be forfeited or otherwise dealt with in

such manner as the court thinks fit."

Regulations 4.—(1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that any

as to classes class of petroleum-spirit is, by reason of the nature

of petroleum thereof or of any substance mixed therewith, likely to

dammrousor dangerous or injurious to health either generally or

injurious to in the case of any class of persons, he may make such

health. regulations as appear to him to be reasonably practicable

and to meet the necessity of the case, and in particular

for—

(a) requiring the observance of such precautions as

may be prescribed for the protection of persons

employed or engaged in handling or using

petroleum-spirit of that class in connection with

any trade or business; arid

(b) requiring persons selling to the public petroleum-

spirit of that class to give, in such manner as

may be prescribed, warning to purchasers of

petroleum-spirit of that class as to the dangers

1928. Petroleum (Amendment) Ch. 20. 167

Act, 1928.

thereof and the precautions to he observed

with respect thereto; and

(c) prohibiting the sale or use of petroleum-spirit

which he may by order declare to be so

dangerous or injurious to health that precautions for the protection of persons employed or

engaged in handling or using such petroleum-

spirit are impracticable; and

(d) the publication and supply of copies of the regulations; and

(e) the enforcement of the regulations in any district

by the local authority empowered under the

principal Act to grant petroleum-spirit licences

in that district:

Provided that any such regulations extending to

England shall be made after consultation with »the Minister of Health.

(2) All regulations made under this section shall be

laid before each House of Parliament as soon as may be

after they are made, and if an Address is presented to

His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the

next subsequent forty days on which that House has sat

next after such regulation is laid before it, praying that

the regulation may be annulled, it shall thenceforth

be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything

previously done thereunder or to the making of any new

regulation.

(3) If any person contravenes or attempts to contravene any regulation made under this section, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds for each day on which the offence occurs

or continues, and the court before whom any person

is convicted under this subsection may order that the

petroleum-spirit in respect of which the offence was

committed, and any vessel in which it is contained, be

forfeited or otherwise dealt with in such manner as the

court thinks fit.

5. — (1) For the purpose of preserving for the enjoy- Byelaws as

ment of the public the amenities of any rural scenery or to petroleum

of any place of beauty or historio interest or of any

public park or pleasure promenade, or of any street or Btations -

place which is of interest by reason of its picturesque

168 Ch. 20. Petroleum (Amendment) 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

character, the council of any county or borough may

make byelaws—

(a) regulating the appearance of petroleum filling

stations; or

(b) prohibiting the establishment of petroleum filling

stations

in any part of their area to which the byelaws apply, and,

without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, any such byelaws regulating the appearance of

petroleum filling stations may, in particular, require

compliance with such provisions as may be contained

in the byelaws as to the position, design, size, colour

"and screening of petroleum filling stations or of any

parts thereof: ' "

Provided that—

(i) as respects . the City of London, the powers

and duties conferred and imposed by this

section shall be exercised and performed by

the common council of the City of London

instead of by the London" County Council;

and

(ii) no byelaws made under this section by the

council of any county shall have effect in

any borough within the county; and

(iii) nothing in any byelaws regulating the appearance of petroleum filling stations shall prevent

the use in any place to which the byelaws

apply of any pump or other apparatus approved for use in such places by the Secretary

of State, and in making any such byelaws

a council shall make provision for exempting

any petroleum filling station established at

the time of the making of the byelaws from

any restrictions requiring structural alterations for such period not being less than two

years from that time as they may think fit;

and

(iv) in making any byelaws prohibiting the establishment of petroleum filling stations a

council shall have regard to the need for

reasonable facilities for the supply of petroleum

in or near the part of their area to which the

byelaws apply.

1928. Petroleum (. Amendment) Ch. 20. 169

Act, 1928.

(2) Any part of the area of a council to which

byelaws or a draft of any byelaws made under this

section apply shall be distinctly marked and shown on

plans to be signed by and deposited with the clerk of the council making the byelaws, and the said plans

shall be at all reasonable times thereafter open for the

inspection of the public without charge.

(3) No byelaws made under this section shall come

into force until confirmed by the Secretary of State, and

before submitting any such byelaws to the Secretary of

State, the council by whom the byelaws were made shall,

in such manner as may be directed by the Secretary of

State, publish a draft thereof, together with notice

of the place where the plans marked in accordance with

the provisions of this section may be inspected, and of the intention of the council to apply for the confirmation

of the byelaws.

(4) The Secretary of State may confirm any byelaws submitted to him under this section, with or without

any modifications, and any byelaws so confirmed by

the Secretary of State shall be published by the council

by whom the byelaws were made in such mamier as

the Secretary of State may direct.

(5) Where byelaws made under this section are

in force prohibiting the establishment of petroleum

filling stations in any part of the area of a council, the

council may, with a view to securing the removal of all

such stations from that part of their area, serve upon

every occupier of a petroleum filling station established

therein before the date on which the byelaws came into

force a notice requiring him to remove it within such

period, not being less than sis months after the service

of the notice, as may be specified in the notice, and

any such notice may be addressed to the " Occupier "

without further name or description and may be served

either by delivering it or leaving it at, or by sending it

by post as a registered letter to, the usual or last known

place of abode of the occupier, or if his place of abode is

not known, by fixing it on some conspicuous part of the

petroleum filling station:

Provided that any person upon whom such a notice

is served shall be entitled to recover from the council by

"whom it was served any expenses reasonably incurred

170 Ch. 20. Petroleum (Amendment) 18 & 19 Geo. 5. ■

Act, 1928.

by him in carrying out the directions contained in the

notice, and shall, if he makes a claim within twelve

months after the service of the notice, be entitled to

recover from the council compensation for any loss

sustained by him in direct consequence of the requirements of the notice, and any question in dispute as to

whether compensation is payable under this subsection

or as to the amount of any compensation so payable

shall be determined by a single arbitrator appointed by

agreement between the parties or, in default of such

agreement, appointed by the Secretary of State.

(6) The occupier of any premises used or intended

to be used as a petroleum filling station shall have power,

notwithstanding anything in any conveyance or in any

lease or other agreement, to do all such things as may

be necessary for complying with the requirements of any

byelaw made or notice served under this section; and

where a notice has been served upon any person under

this section the council by whom the notice was served

may, with his consent, do on his behalf anything necessary '

for complying with the requirements of the notice.

(7) In the event of a contravention of any byelaw

made or notice served under this section, the person

contravening the byelaw or notice shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty

pounds for each day on which the contravention occurs

or continues, and if, after any person' has been so convicted in respect of a contravention of any byelaw made

under this section prohibiting the establishment of

petroleum filling stations or in respect of a contravention of any notice served under this section requiring

the removal of any such station, the petroleum filling

station is not removed within such time as the court may

allow, the council by whom the byelaw was made or the

notice served shall have power to do all such acts as may

be necessary for the removal thereof, and any expenses

so incurred by a council in removing any petroleum filling

station established in contravention of any such byelaw

as aforesaid shall be recoverable from the person convicted summarily as a civil debt.

(8) Any expenses incurred by’ a county council

under this section shall be defrayed as part of their

expenses for general county purposes.

, 1928.

Petroleum (. Amendment)

Act, 1928.

Ch. 20.

171

(9) The council of any urban district shall have

power to enforce within their district any byelaws in

force under this section, and any expenses incurred by

a district council under this subsection shall be defrayed

as part of their general expenses.

(10) In the application of this section to Scotland,

the expression "borough "• shall mean " burgh, " and

any expenses incurred by a county or town council

under this section shall be defrayed out of such rate

leviable by the council and payable by owners and occupiers in equal proportion as the council may determine.

6. —(1) Every canal company shall have power to Byelaws as

1 make byelaws regulating the loading, conveyance and to loading,

landing of petroleum-spirit in and upon the canal under conveyance

their jurisdiction, and as to the precautions to be observed of

with respect thereto, and as to the due enforcement* of ] eU m-spirit

the byelaws. in and upon

(2) No byelaws made under this section shall come canals -

into force until confirmed by the Minister of Transport

(in this Act referred to as " the Minister "), and before

submitting any such byelaws to the Minister, the canal

company shall, in such manner as may be directed by

the Minister, publish a draft thereof together with notice

of their intention to apply for the confirmation of the

byelaws.

(3) The Minister may confirm any byelaws submitted to him under this section with or without any

modifications, and any byelaws so confirmed by the Minister shall be published by the canal company in

such manner as the Minister may direct.

(4) If any person contravenes or attempts to contravene any byelaw made under this section, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds for each day on which the offence occurs

or continues.

(5) Section forty of the Railway and Canal Traffic 51 & 52Viet.

Act, 1888 (which makes provision as to the byelaws of o. 25 .

canal companies), shall not apply to byelaws made

under this section.

7. In this Act and for the purposes of the interpreta-

Petroleum Acts, 1871 to 1926, the following expressions tion.

172

Ch. 20.

36 & 37 Vict,

c. 48.

Drafting

and minor

amendments.

Amendment

of 34 & 35

Vict. o. 105.

s. 15, as

regards

Scotland.

Petroleum (Amendment)18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them,

that is to say :—

" Amenities, " in relation to any place, includes

any view of or from that place:

" Canal " and " canal company " have respectively

the same meanings as in the Regulation of

Railways Act, 1873:

" Contravention " includes, in relation to any provision, a failure to comply with that provision,

and the expression "contravene " shall be

construed accordingly:

" Motor vehicles " includes all mechanically propelled vehicles intended or adapted for use on

roads:

" Petroleum filling station" means any premises or

place used or intended to be used by way of

trade or for purposes of gain for fuelling motor

vehicles with petroleum, and includes any

building, advertisement, pump, or other apparatus in or used in connection with any such

premises.

8. The amendments in the second column of the

First Schedule to this Act (which relate to matters

of drafting and to other matters of minor detail) shall

be made in the enactments specified in the first column

of that Schedule.

9. Section fifteen of the Petroleum Act, 1871, shall,

in so far as it relates to Scotland, cease to have effect,

and the following provisions shall apply to the prosecution

of any offence or the recovery of any penalty (in which

expression any money or expenses directed to be recovered

as penalties are included) under the Petroleum Acts,

1871 to 1926, or under this Act in Scotland:—

(1) Any offence may be prosecuted in a court of

summary jurisdiction or on indictment and any

penalty shall be recoverable on conviction by a

court of summary jurisdiction or on indictment,

provided that no court of summary jurisdiction

shall, except in the case of an offence which

involves a fine for every day on which the

offence occurs or continues, have power to

1928.

Petroleum (Amendment)

Act, 1928.

Ch. 20,

173

impose a penalty exceeding fifty pounds and

no court of summary jurisdiction other than the

sheriff court shall have power to impose a

penalty exceeding twenty pounds:

(2) The expression "courtof summary jurisdiction"

shall have the like meaning as in the Summary

Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts:

(3) Any petroleum, petroleum-spirit, or other substance, or thing ordered by a court to be forfeited may be sold or otherwise disposed of

in such manner as the court shall direct:

(4) Any penalty recovered and the proceeds of any

forfeiture sold shall be paid to the Bang’s and

Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer where the

court is the sheriff court, to the county clerk

where the court is the justice of the peace court,

and to the treasurer of the burgh where the

court is the burgh or police court.

10 . —(1) This Act may be cited as the Petroleum

(Amendment) Act, 1928, and this Act and the Petroleum

Acts, 1871 to 1926, may be cited together as the

Petroleum Acts, 1871 to 1928.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the Petroleum Acts, 1871 to

1926, or to any of those Acts, shall be construed as

references to those Acts as amended by this Act, and

this Act shall be construed as one with those Acts.

Short title,

citation,

construction, extent

and repeal.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) The enactments specified in the Second Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that any regulations made under' section

five of the Locomotives on Highways Act, 1896, shall

have effect as if made under section three of this Act,

and in so far as any such regulations relate to any

substance other than petroleum-spirit, the said section

three shall be deemed to have been applied to that

substance under section fourteen of the Petroleum

Act, 1871.

174

Ch. 20.

Section 8.

Petroleum (Amendment) 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments.

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

The Petroleum Act,

1871:

Section 4 - - After the word "landing " there shall be

inserted the words "and for providing

" for the due enforcement of the bye-

" laws " and after the word "section "

where that word secondly occurs there

shall be inserted the words "or that

" such byelaws as are in force are

" insufficient." It

Section 6 - - The words " by land or water " shall be

omitted; for the words "the United

" Kin gdom " there shall be substituted

the words "Great Britain "; after the

word " exposed " in both places where

that word occurs there shall be inserted

the words "or offered "; after the

words " attached thereto " there shall

be inserted the words "or, where that

" is impracticable, displayed near there-

" to, "; for the words "stating the

" description of the petroleum, with

" the addition of " there shall be substituted the words "showing the words

" Petroleum-Spirit’.and "; and at

the end of the section there shall be

inserted the following proviso :—

" Provided that, for the purposes

of the foregoing provision, potroleum-

spirit carried on any motor-vehicle,

ship, boat, or aircraft but intended

to be used only for the purpose

thereof shall not be deemed to be

conveyed."

1928.

Petroleum (Amendment)

Act, 1928.

Cet. 20.

175

Enactment to be

amended.

The Petroleum Act,

1871— cont.

Section 9 -

Section 10 -

Section 11

Section 12 -

Amendment..

The words " shall be valid if signed by

" two or more persons constituting the

" local authority, or executed in any

" other way in which other licences, if

" any, granted by such authority, are

" executed. Licences " shall be omitted.

For the words "imder the hand or hands

" of one or more of the persons consti-

" tuting " there shall be substituted the

words " signed by the clerk or secre •

tary of "; after the words "ten days "

there shall be inserted the words "or

within such further time as the Secre-

" tary of State may allow, " and after the

words " as the case may be " there shall

be inserted the words "shall be in

" force for such time and be subject

" to such provisions as to renewal as

" may be specified in the licence and "

For the words "certified by the clerk or

" some member " there shall be substituted the words "signed by the

" clerk or secretary "; the words "or

" producing some other sufficient autho-

" rity " shall be omitted; after the word

" exposing " there shall be inserted the

words " or offering "; the words "be

* deemed to be a portion of the costs

" of the proceedings against him and

" shall " shall be omitted; for the

word " accordingly " there shall be

substituted the words "and shall be

" recoverable as part of the costs of the

" proceedings against him "; and the

words " out of any funds for the

" time being in their hands and, in case

" the local authority are the justices,

" out of the county rate " shall be

omitted.

After the word "who, " in both places

where that word occurs, there shall be

inserted the words ", by himself or by

• " anyone in his employ or acting by

" his direction or with his consent."

1st Sch.

—cont.

176

Ch. 20.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Petroleum (Amendment) 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

The Petroleum Act,

1871— cont.

Section 13 -

Section 15 -

Section 16 -

After the word "exposed, " in both

places where that word occurs, there

shall be inserted the words "or offered ";

after the words "petroleum-spirit " in

both places where they occur in the

second and third paragraphs of the

section, and after the word "petroleum, "

where it occurs in the said second paragraph, there shall be inserted the words

" or vessel "; in the fourth paragraph

of the section there shall be inserted

after the word " f< place " the words

" ship or vehicle "; for the words

" to forfeit all " there shall be substituted the words "may be. ordered by

" the court to forfeit any "; and at the

end of the section there shall be inserted

the words "with or without any vessel

" in which it iS contained."

In the first paragraph, after the word

" may " there shall be inserted the

words "and, except in the case of an

" offence which involves a penalty

" exceeding fifty pounds, shall."

In proviso 1, after the words "shall not, "

there shall be inserted the words

" except in the case of an offence

" involving a fine for every day on

" which- the offence occurs or con-

" tinues "; and proviso 6 shall cease

to have effect.

After the words "harbour authority, "

in each place where those words occur,

there shall be inserted the words "or

" canal company."

The Petroleum Act, -

1926:

Section 6 -

After the word "exposes " there shall be

inserted the words "or offers "; after

the word " contravention " where that

word secondly occurs in subsection (2)

there shall be inserted the words

occurs or.

1928.

Petroleum (Amendment)

Act, 1928.

Ch. 20.

177

Enactment to be

amended.

Amendment.

1st Soh.

— cont.

The Petroleum Act,

1926— cont.

Section 7 -

Section 8 -

First Schedule -

Second Schedule

Third Schedule -

After the word "contravention " there

shall be inserted the 1 words " occurs or "

and after the word "failure " there §hall

be inserted the words "occurs or."

The word " annually " shall be omitted,

and for the words "in accordance with "

there shall be substituted the words

" at the rates shown in."

For the initials " B.W.G." in all places

where they occur in Part I. of the

Schedule there shall be substituted the

initials " I.W.G."; and at the end of the said Part I. there shall be inserted

the words "in this Schedule I.W.G. ’

" means the denominations of stand-

" ards approved by Order in Council

" made under the Weights and Meas-

" ures Act, 1878, and dated the

" twenty-third day of August, eighteen

"hundred and eighty-three, known as

" the Imperial Wire Gauge."

In the paragraph of Part I. of the Schedule

entitled " Oil cup thermometer , " in the

sub-paragraph relating to " Immersion, "

for the figure "2'25" there shall be

substituted the figure "2*4."

For the words "Fee payable " there shall

be substituted the words "Bate per

" annum of fees payable."

In paragraph 1 for the words from " The

" penalties to be annexed to any

" breach " to " the breach of regulation

has taken place " there shall be substituted the words "If any person

" contravenes or attempts to contravene

" any regulation made imder this sec-

" tion, he shall be liable on summary

" conviction to a fine not exceeding

" twenty pounds for each day on which

" the offence occurs or continues, and

" the court before whom any person is

" convicted under this subsection may

" order that the petroleum-spirit in

" respect of which the offence was

M

178

Ch. 20.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 10.

Petroleum (Amendment)18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

Amendment.

" committed and any vessel in which

" it is contained be forfeited or other-

" wise dealt with in such manner as the

" court thinks fit."

In paragraph 3, for the words "incur a

penalty " there shall be substituted the

words " be liable on summary con-

" viction to a fine "; and after the word

"failure, " where that word secondly

occurs, there shall be inserted the words

" occurs or ". i»

In paragraph 4, for the words "this Act

"is" there shall be substituted the

words " the provisions of this Act or

" of any regulations made thereunder

" are " and after the words "this Act "

where those words secondly occur there

shall be inserted the words "or of any

" regulations made thereunder "; and

after the word "fine " there shall be

inserted the words "not exceeding fifty

" pounds, or on conviction on indict-

ment to a fine ",

Enactment to be

amended.

The Petroleum Act,

1926— cont.

Third Schedule—

cont.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed,

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 105.

Petroleum Act, 1871

In section six the words "by

" land or water "; in section

nine the words "shall be valid

" if signed by two or more of

" the persons constituting the

" local authority, or executed

" in any other way in which

" other licences, if any, gran-

" ted by such authority are

" executed. Licences "; in

section eleven the words "or

1928.

Petroleum (Amendment)

Act, 1928.

Ch. 20, 21.

179

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict.

Petroleum Act, 1871

" producing some other sufifi-

c. 105— cont.

i

— cont.

1

" cient authority, " the words

" be deemed to be a portion

" of the costs of the proceed-

" ings against him and shall, "

and the words "out of any

" funds for the time being in

" their hands, and in case the

" local authority are the

" justices, out of the county

" rate "; in section fourteen

the words from "subject to

" the following qualifica-

" tions" to the end of the

section.

In section fifteen, proviso 6.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 36.

Locomotives on

Highways Act,

1896.

Section five.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926

In section eight the word

" annually."

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Dogs Act, 1906.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Dogs Act, 1906 (hereinafter referred to

as " the principal Act "), shall have effect as if section

one thereof (which imposes liabilities on the owner of a

dog for injuries done by that dog to cattle) applied to

injuries done to poultry as it applies to injuries done to

cattle; and accordingly the words "or poultry " shall

inserted in that section after the word "cattle " in

both places where that word occurs.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Owners of

dogs to be

liable for

injury to

poultry.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 32.

180

Ch. 21.

Dogs (Amendment)18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

(2) For the purposes of this section and of section

one of the principal Act, the expression "poultry" shall

have the meaning assigned to it by the Poultry Act, 1911.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 11.

Delivery of

stray dogs

to police.

2. Section four of the principal Act shall be

repealed, and the following section shall be substituted

therefor:—

"4.—(1) Any person (in this section referred

to as ‘the finder’) who takes possession of a stray

dog shall forthwith either—

" (a) return the dog to its owner; or

" (&) take the dog to the police station which is

nearest to the place where the dog was

found and inform the police officer in charge

of that station where the dog was found.

" (2) Where a dog has been so taken to a police

station then—

" (a) if the finder desires to keep the dog, he

shall inform the said police officer of his

name and address, and the said police

officer shall make out in duplicate a certificate in such form as may be prescribed

by the Secretary of State stating the

description of the dog, the place where it

was found, the date on which it was

brought to the police station, the name

and address of the finder, and shall give

one copy of the certificate to the finder

and retain the other, and thereupon the

finder may remove the dog, but shall be

under an obligation to keep it for not less

than one month;

"(6) if the finder does not desire to keep the

dog, the said police officer shall treat it as

if it had been seized by him in pursuance of

section three of this Act.

" (3) If the finder fails to comply with any of the provisions of this section, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to fine not exceeding forty

shillings."

Amendment

of s, 6 of

principal

Act.

3. Section six of the principal Act (which provides

that an owner of cattle shall not leave their carcases

unburied in a place to which dogs can gain access) shall

, apply to a person having the control of cattle as it

1928.

Dogs (. Amendment)

Act, 1928.

Ch. 21, 22.

181

applies to an owner of cattle; and accordingly the words

" or under his control " shall be inserted in that section

after the words "belonging to him."

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Dogs (Amendment) Act, 1928, and this Act and the principal Act

may be cited together as the Dogs Acis, 1906 to 1928.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to amend the law relating to solicitors.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No solicitor shall in connection with his

practice as a solicitor without the written permission of the Society employ or remunerate any person who to the

knowledge of such solicitor is disqualified from practising

as a solicitor by reason of the fact that he has been

struck off the roll of solicitors otherwise than at his own

request or is suspended from practising as a solicitor.

(2) Any such permission may be given for such

period and upon and subject to such terms and conditions

as the Society may think fit.

(3) Any solicitor aggrieved by the refusal of the

Society to grant any such permission as aforesaid or by

any terms and conditions attached by them to the grant

thereof may appeal to the Master of the Rolls, who may

confirm the refusal or the terms and conditions, as the

case may be, or may, in lieu of the Society, grant such

permission as aforesaid for such a period and upon and

subject to such terms and conditions as he may think

fit.

(4) If any solicitor acts in contravention of the

provisions of this section or of the terms and conditions

upon or subject to which any permission has been given

thereunder, he shall be liable to be dealt with in like

manner as if he had acted in contravention of the provisions of section thirty-two of the Solicitors Act, 1843,

so, however, that, upon any application to strike a solicitor

Short title

and application.

Employment of

persons

struck off

the roll or

suspended.

6 & 7 Vict,

c. 73.

182

Ch. 22, 23.

Solicitors Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

off the roll in respect of any contravention of the provisions of this Act, the powers of the Committee constituted

51 & 52 Vict, under section twelve of the Solicitors Act, 1888, shall,

c. 65. without prejudice to their powers as to making orders

as to costs, include power, in lieu of striking the

solicitor off the roll, to order him to be suspended from

practice for such period as they may think fit.

Penalty for

failure to

disclose.

2.—(1) Any person who, whilst he is disqualified

from practising as a solicitor by reason of the fact that

he has been struck off the roll of solicitors otherwise

than at his own request or is suspended from practising

as a solicitor, seeks or accepts employment by a solicitor

in connection with that solicitor’s practice without

previously informing that solicitor that he is so disqualified as aforesaid shall, on summary conviction, be

liable for each offence to a fine not exceeding ten

pounds.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts, proceedings under this section may be

commenced at any time before the expiration of six

months after the first discovery of the offence by the

prosecutor, but no such proceedings shall be commenced

except by or with the consent of the Attorney-General.

Interpreta- 3. — (1) In this Act " the Society" means the Law

tion, short Society, and anything authorised to be done by the

title and Society under this Act may be done by the Council of

ex n the Society on their behalf.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Solicitors Act, 1928,

and the Solicitors Acts, 1839 to 1922, and this Act may

be cited together as the Solicitors Acts, 1839 to 1928.

(3) The provisions of this Act shall not extend to

Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to approve an Agreement concluded

between His Majesty and the Sultan of the

State and Territory of Johore.

[3rd August 1928.]

WHEREAS an Agreement, which is set out in the

Schedule to this Act, has been concluded between

‘His Majesty and the Sultan of the Statu and Territory

1928. Straits Settlements and Ch. 23.

Johore Territorial Waters (Agreement) Act, 1928.

183

of Johore with respect to the boundary between the

territorial waters of the Settlement of Singapore and

those of the said State and Territory:

And whereas it is provided by the said Agreement

that it shall remain without force or effect until it has

' received the approval of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the approval of

Parliament should be given to the said Agreement:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The approval of Parliament is hereby given to Approval of the said Agreement. Agreement.

2. This Act may be cited as the Straits Settlements Short title,

and Johore Territorial Waters (Agreement) Act, 1928.

SCHEDULE.

AGREEMENT made between His Excellency Sir Hugh

Charles Clifford, M.C.S., Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael

and Saint George, Knight Grand Cross of the Most

Excellent Order of the British Empire, Governor

and Commander-in-Chief of the Colony of the Straits

Settlements, on behalf of His Britannic Majesty

and His Highness Ibrahim, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and

Saint George, Knight Commander of the Most

Excellent Order of the British Empire, bin

Almarhom Sultan Abu Bakar, Sultan of the

State and Territory of Johore:

WHEREAS by Article II of the Treaty of the 2nd day of

August 1824, made between the Honourable the English East

India Company on the one side and Their Highnesses the Sultan

184

Ch. 23. Straits Settlements and 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Johore Territorial Waters (. Agreement) Act, 1928.

and Tumungong of Johore on the other, Their said Highnesses

did cede in full sovereignty and property to the said Company,

their heirs and successors for ever, the Island of Singapore

together with certain adjacent seas, straits and islets:

And whereas His Britannic Majesty is the successor of the

Honourable the English East India Company:

And whereas His Britannic Majesty in token of the

friendship which he bears towards His Highness Ibrahim

bin Almarhom Sultan Abu Bakar, Sultan of the State and

Territory of Johore, is desirous that certain of the said seas,

straits and islets shall be retro-ceded and shall again form part

of the State and Territory of Johore:

Now, therefore, it is agreed and declared as follows:—

Article I.

The boundary between the territorial waters of the

Settlement of Singapore and those of the State and Territory

of Johore shall, except as hereafter specified in' this Article,

be an imaginary line following the centre of the deep-water

channel in Johore Strait, between the mainland of the State

and Territory of Johore on the one side and the Northern Shores

of the Islands of Singapore, Pulau Ubin, Pulau Tekong Kechil,

and Pulau Tekong Besar on the other side. Where, if at all,

the channel divides into two portions of equal depth running

side by side, the boundary shall run midway between these

two portions. At the Western entrance of Johore Strait, the

boundary, after passing through the centre of the deep-water

channel Eastward of Pulau Merambong, shall proceed seaward,

in the general direction of the axis of this channel produced,

until it intersects the 3-mile limit drawn from the low water

mark of the South Coast of Pulau Merambong. At the Eastern

entrance of Johore Strait, the boundary shall be held to

pass through the centre of the deep-water channel between

the mainland of Johore, Westward of Johore Hill, and Pulau

Tekong Besar, next through the centre of the deep-water

channel between Johore Shoal and the mainland of Johore,

Southward of Johore Hill, and finally turning Southward, to

intersect the 3-mile limit drawn from the low water mark of the

mainland of Johore in a position bearing 192 degrees from Tanjong

Sitapa.

The boundary as so defined is approximately delineated in

red on the map annexed hereunto and forming part of this

Agreement. Should, however, the map, owing to alterations

in the channels, &c., appear at any time to conflict with the

text of this Agreement, the text shall in all cases prevail.

1928. Straits Settlements and Ch. 23.

Johore Territorial Waters (. Agreement) Act, 1928.

i

Article II.

Subject to the provisions of Article I hereof, all those waters

ceded by Their Highnesses the Sultan and Tumungong of Johore

under Treaty of the 2nd of August, 1824, which are within

three nautical miles of the mainland of the State and Territory

of Johore measured from low water mark shall be deemed

to be within the Territorial waters of the State and Territory

of Johore.

Article III.

All islets lying within the Territorial waters of the State and

Territory of Johore, as defined in Articles I and II hereof, which

immediately prior to this Agreement formed part of His Britannic

Majesty’s dominions, are hereby ceded in full sovereignty and

property to His Highness the Sultan of the State and Territory

of Johore, his heirs and successors for ever.

Article TV.

This Agreement shall remain without force or effect until

it has received the approval of the British Parliament.

In Witness whereof His Excellency Sir Hugh Charles

Clifford, M.C.S., Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished

Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Knight Grand Cross

of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, and His

Highness Ibrahim, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished

Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, bin Almarhom

S trifTAN Abu Bakar have set their respective seals and signatures.

Dated at Singapore, this 19th day of October 1927.

HUGH CLIFFORD, M.C.S., IBRAHIM.

Governor and Commander-

in-Chief.

Witnesses:Witnesses:

J. D. Hall. (Signed) Abdullah bin Jaafar,

J. Huggins, Dato’ Mentri Besar,

Johore.

(Signed) Haji Mohamed Said bin

Haji Suleiman, Captain,

Private Secretary to

H.H. the Sultan.

185

186 Ch. 24. Northern Ireland 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to make miscellaneous amendments in the

law applicable to Northern Ireland.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Provisions

as to the

Supreme

Court.

10 & 11

Geo. 6. c. 67.

1. It is hereby declared that |he reservation hi

section forty-seven of the Government of Ireland Act,

1920 (in this Act referred to as "the principal Act")

of matters relating to the Supreme Court of Northern

Ireland shall not preclude the Parliament of Northern

Ireland from conferring on the rule-making authority

poAver to make rules regulating procedure and distribution of business in the Supreme 1 ' Court in regard to

matters Within the jurisdiction of that Parliament, or

from conferring on the Supreme Court jurisdiction to

hear and determine appeals from, and questions of law

on cases stated for its opinion by, any inferior court or

other tribunal, and power to direct any such court

or tribunal to state such a case.

Explanation 2.—(l)'The restrictions contained in section four

of restric- of the principal Act on the power of the Parliament of

turns, in 8 .4 Northern Ireland to make laws shall not be construed

Act rmCipal as P reven thig that Parliament making laws for the

purpose of ensuring that live stock and agricultural

produce (or any class thereof) shall not be sent to

Great Britain, the Isle of Man or the Irish Free State,

except under such regulations as to standards of quality,

inspection or compulsory insurance as may be made by

or under the authority of that Parliament.

(2) The said restrictions shall not extend, and shall

be deemed never to have extended, so as to prevent the

Parliament of Northern Ireland making laAVS with

respect to the construction, carrying out or alteration

of any works on or under or over any part of the seashore

whether or not vested in the CroAvn, or the carrying out

' of dredging operations, or the deposit or removal of

1928.

Northern Ireland

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1928.

Ch. 24.

187

materials on or from any such seashore, if the consent of the Board of Trade (and, where the seashore comprises

foreshore the management whereof is vested in the

Commissioners of Crown Lands, also the consent of those

Commissioners) has been obtained; and the recital in

an Act passed by that Parliament that any such consent

has been obtained shall be sufficient evidence of the fa'ct

recited unless the contrary is proved; and the exercise

of administrative powers by the Government of Northern

Ireland in connection with such matters as aforesaid and

in relation to byelaws affecting the foreshore shall be

subject to the like consent.

* '■'? In the case of an Act passed by the Parliament of

Northern Ireland before the passing of this Act, the

consent of the Board of Trade or Commissioners of

Crown Lands may be obtained after the passing of this Act, and may be signified by an order of the said Board

or Commissioners.

Where under the Landed Estates Court (Ireland) 21 & 22

Act, 1858, or any Act amending that Act, or under the Vict - °- 72 *

Land Purchase Acts, an application is made for the sale

or conveyance of or for a declaration of title as to any

land in Northern Ireland, and the land includes any

part of the foreshore or land immediately abutting

thereon, or where an application is made to any department of the Government of Northern Ireland, for any

consent, approval, order, licence, loan or other matter

which may, or for any purpose which may, affect the

foreshore, or land immediately abutting thereon, notice

of the application shall be given by the court or the

department concerned, to the Board of Trade and the

Commissioners of Crown Lands.

(3) The said restrictions shall not be construed as

preventing the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the

purpose of the consolidation of a branch of the statute

law whose general subject matter is within the powers

of that Parliament, repealing and re-enacting any

enactments of the Parliament of the United Kingdom,

which form a part of that branch of the statute law,

but relate to matters in respect of which the Parliament

of Northern Ireland have not power to make laws.

(4) Notwithstanding the said restrictions, the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall be deemed always to

188

Ch. 24.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 84.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 58.

Administration of

intestates

estates

devolving on

the Crown.

39 & 40

Vict. c. 18.

Northern Ireland 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1928.

have had power to confer a right to take proceedings

in a county court in Northern Ireland for the purpose

of recovering any compensation in respect of an injury

to a master, seaman, apprentice to the sea service,

apprentice in the sea-fishing service, or pilot, to which

any person may be entitled under subsection (1) or

subsection (3) of section thirty-five of the Workmen’s

Compensation Act, 1925, passed by the Parliament of the

United Kingdom, in any case in which if the injury had

occurred before the establishment of the Parliament of

Northern Ireland proceedings could have been taken in

a county court having jiuisdiction in some county now

forming part of Northern Ireland under section seven of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906, and the Rules *

of Court made under that Act.

(5) Where an Act of the Parliament of Northern

Ireland provides for the imposition on any persons of

an obligation to afford facilities to any Government

department administering matters declared by the principal Act to be reserved matters or )(contains provisions ,

for the protection of any such Government department,

the said restrictions shall not extend and shall be deemed

never to have extended so as to prevent the Parliament

of Northern Ireland from prescribing the method of

determining disputes with reference to such obligation

or protection.

3.—(1) Where His Majesty becomes, or has before

the commencement of this Act become, entitled in right

of His Crown to any real or personal estate in Northern

Ireland of an intestate, the court shall on application

being made on that behalf grant administration of that

estate to a nominee of His Majesty, and if His Majesty

is pleased in accordance with the Treasury Solicitor Act,

1876, by warrant under His Royal Sign Manual to

nominate for that purpose the Treasury Solicitor, the

nominee shall be the Treasury Solicitor, or if the warrant

so provides, some person nominated in that behalf by

the Treasury Solicitor, and the person so nominated by

the Treasury Solicitor may be the Chief Crown Solicitor

for Northern Ireland, and the Treasury Solicitor Act,

1876, shall apply accordingly and shall be deemed to

extend to real as well as to personal estate:

Provided that this provision shall not. prevent the

grant of administration of such personal estate to any

1928. Northern Ireland Ch. 24. 189

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1928.

other petson in any case where the Treasury Solicitor or

other nominee has not made and has signified his intention not to make such an application.

(2) In so far as the estate of the intestate to which

His Majesty becomes, or has become, entitled as aforesaid

consists of or comprises real estate to which the intestate

was entitled for an interest not ceasing on his death,

it shall, upon the grant to such a nominee of such

administration as aforesaid, devolve upon and vest

in the administrator in like manner as if it were a chattel

real, and all powers, duties, rights, equities, obligations

and liabilities of a personal representative with respect to

chattels real shall attach to such administrator and shall

•have effect with respect to the real- estate so vested

in him:

Provided that nothing herein contained shall alter

or affect the order in which real and personal estates

respectively are applicable in or towards the payment of

funeral or testamentary expenses, debts or legacies.

(3) Neither the Treasury Solicitor nor the Chief

Crown Solicitor for Northern Ireland acting on the

nomination of the Treasury Solicitor shall, when applying

for or obtaining administration for the use or benefit of

His Majesty under this section, be required to give an

administration bond, nor shall he be required to deliver,

nor shall the court or the Ministry of Finance for Northern

Ireland be entitled to receive, in connection with any

such application or grant of administration, any affidavit,

statutory declaration, account, certificate or other statement verified on oath; but he shall deliver, and the court

and the said Ministry respectively shall accept, in lieu

thereof, an account or particulars of the estate of the

intestate, signed by him or on his behalf.

(4) Any grant of administration of the personal

estate of an intestate to the Chief Crown Solicitor for

Northern Ireland made before the passing of this Act

is hereby confirmed, and where such a grant has been

made and the estate of the intestate included real as well

as personal estate to which His Majesty became entitled

in right of His Crown, the court shall on application

being made for the purpose extend the grant so as to

cover such real estate.

190

Ch. 24.

Amendment

of Land

Purchase

Acts.

Northern Ireland 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1928.

(5) In this section, unless the context otherwise

requires—

" Intestate " includes a person who leaves a will

but dies intestate as to some beneficial interest

in his real estate, or, if probate of the will is

not' granted to an executor, in his personal

estate:

" Administration" means letters of administration

of a deceased person, whether general or limited:

" The court" means the High Court of Justice in

Northern Ireland:

The interest of a deceased person under a joint

tenancy shall be deemed an interest ceasing

on his death.

4.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Land Purchase Acts, the Land Purchase Commission, Northern

Ireland, may for the purposes of the distribution of

purchase money direct payment of a claim if of opinion

that the title thereto though imperfect is nevertheless

such as would make it improbable th^t any claim adverse

thereto could be sustained.

(2) The Commission shall be entitled to act on the

evidence of title submitted by a claimant without being

required to enquire as to any estate, right, claim or

interest undisclosed thereby which may at the time of the distribution of the purchase money be subsisting

or capable of arising.

(3) Where a person within the time allowed by this

section proves to the satisfaction of the Commission that

he or the person from whom he derives title was entitled

to claim to participate in the distribution of purchase

money, and that such claim was undisclosed at the time

of the distribution, he shall be entitled to be paid by

the Commission a sum equal to the value of his claim:

Provided that a person shall not be entitled to

compensation under this section where he or the person

from whom he derives title has caused or substantially

contributed to the loss by any act, neglect or default of

himself or his agent.

(4) The time allowed by this section shall be six

years from the date of the distribution of the purchase

money, or from the date after the distribution of the

1928. Northern Ireland Ch. 24, 25. 191

{Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1928.

purchase money when the claimant or the person from

whom he derives title first knew or might with reasonable diligence have ascertained the existence of the

claim:

Provided that—

(a) where the claimant was on the date of the

distribution of the purchase money an infant

his claim may be made within six years from

the time when he attains full age; and

(6) where any person interested is entitled as a

proprietor of a charge or as a mortgagee the

claim by him may be made within six years

from the last payment in respect of principal

or interest; and

(c) where any person interested is the owner of a

superior interest his claim may be made

within six years from the date of the last

payment in respect of such superior interest.

(5) This section shall be construed as one with the

Land Purchase Acts and may be cited with those Acts.

5. This Act may be cited as the Northern Ireland Short title

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1928, and, save as other- and con -

wise expressly provided, shall be construed as one with struction *

the principal Act.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to make provision with respect to the

representation of the University of Reading in

Parliament.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

1. The provisions of the Representation of the Representa-

People Act, 1918, shall be read and have effect as if in tion of the Third Part of the Ninth Schedule to that Act the Unwcrsity

University of Reading were added to the combination p^ DS

of universities consisting of the University of Durham, ment

the Victoria University of Manchester, the University 7&8 Geo.5.

of Liverpool, the University of Leeds, the University o. 64 .

192

Short title.

Qualification of probate and

district

probate

registrars,

and tenure,

&c. of

district

probate

registrars.

Ch. 25, 26. Representation of the 18 & 19 Geo. 5,

People (Reading University) Act, 1928.

of Sheffield, the University of Birmingham and the

University of Bristol. .

2. This Act may be cited as the Representation

of the People (Reading University) Act, 1928, and shall

be included among the Acts which may be cited together

as the Representation of the People Acts.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Supreme

Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

relating to probate registrars and registries, and

certain other matters, and to amend the law

with respect to the constitution of the Judicial

Committee of the Privy Council, and otherwise

with respect to the administration of justice

and matters connected therewith.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Amendments of 15 & 16 Geo. 5. o. 49, as to

Probate Registrars and Registries.

1.—(1) The following subsection shall be substituted

for subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-six

of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

1925 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "):—

" (3) A person shall not—

(a) be qualified to be appointed a probate

registrar, unless he is a practising barrister

or solicitor of not less than ten years ’

standing, or a district probate registrar of

not less than five years’ standing, or has

1928. Administration of Justice Ch. 26. 193

Act, 1928.

served not less than ten years as a clerk in 15 & 16

the principal probate registry: Geo - 5 c - 49 -

(6) be qualified to be appointed a district

probate registrar unless he is a practising

barrister or solicitor of not less than five

years’ standing, or a probate registrar, or

has served not less than ten years as a clerk

in the principal probate registry or a district

probate registry."

(2) In Part I. of the Third Schedule to the principal

Act after the words "Registrar, Probate Division " there

shall be added the words "(not including a district

probate registrar), " and the principal Act shall be deemed

as from the commencement thereof to have had effect as

if the said words had been contained therein as originally

enacted.

(3) The following subsection shall be added at the

end of section one hundred and nineteen of the principal

Act:—

" (3) This section shall in relation to a

district probate registrar have effect as if for

the words if appointed since the commencement

of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1884, ’ 47 & 48

there were substituted the words ‘if appointed c - 61 -

on or after the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight’."

(4) The following new section shall be inserted after

section one hundred and twenty-eight of the principal

Act:—

" 128a.— (1) A district probate registrar shall

be an officer of the Supreme Court, and (except

in the case of a' part-time or provisional registrar)

shall be deemed for all purposes to be a permanent

civil servant of the State.

(2) If in any case it appears to the President

of the Probate Division that the business to be

performed in any district probate registry is not

such as to require the services of a whole-time

registrar, he may, notwithstanding anything in

this Act, appoint a person to act as part-time

registrar, and a person so appointed shall be

entitled to a salary under this Part of this Act,

notwithstanding that he has been admitted to his

N

194

Ch. 26.

Temporary

provision as

to retiring

allowances

of district

probate

registrars.

Administration of Justice 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

office without a certificate from the Civil Service

Commissioners.

(3) On a vacancy occurring in the office of a

district probate registrar, any person, being a

person qualified for appointment as district

probate registrar, may be appointed to act as

provisional district probate registrar for such

period, not exceeding six months from the date

on which the vacancy occurs, as the President of the Probate Division may direct and with such

remuneration as the President, with the concurrence

of the Treasury, may determine."

(5) In section one hundred and twenty of the

principal Act (which provides that officers of the Supreme

Court shall not practise as barristers or solicitors) there

shall be substituted for the words "district probate

registrars " the words "any part-time district probate

registrars."

2.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect in

relation to any district probate registrar who was ap- >

pointed before the date of the commencement of this Part

of this Act and who, having either before that date or

within such period after that date as the President of the

Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division of the High

Court, with the concurrence of the Treasury, may prescribe, applied to be allowed to retire from his office, is

allowed by the President, with the concurrence of the

Treasury, to retire therefrom at some specified date, and

so retires:—

(a) If the registrar is one to whom a certificate has

been issued by the Civil Service Commissioners,

he shall, in addition to the annual compensation allowance for which he may be eligible

under the Superannuation Actsp 1834 to 1919,

be entitled to a lump sum equal to whichever

of the two following amounts is the less, that

is to say:—

(i) the amount of the difference between

the capitalised value of that annual allowance

and the capitalised value of two-thirds of the

annual salary on which the said annual allowance is computed (both the said values being

calculated in accordance with the tables for

1928.

Administration of Justice

Act, 1928.

Ch. 26.

195

life annuities issued by the National Debt

Commissioners); or

(ii) the amount of the annual salary of the registrar at the date of his retirement;

(&) If the registrar is one in whose ease a certificate

has not been so issued, the Treasury may grant

to him by way of compensation such gratuity *

not exceeding twice the amount of the salary

received by him during his last year of employment, as may seem to them just:

Provided that in the case of a registrar who

has not been required to devote his whole time

to his employment as a registrar, the foregoing

provision shall have effect as if one-and-a-half

times the amount of the salary were substituted

for twice the amount of the salary.

(2) The decision of the Treasury on any question which arises as to the application of this section to any person, or as to the amount of the compensation allowance, lump sum or gratuity to which a person to whom this section applies is entitled, shall be final, and for the purposes of calculating the amount of the compensation allowance, lump sum or gratuity to be granted to any such person the annual salary of that person at the date of his retirement and for each of the last three years of his employment shall be deemed to include an amount equal to the average annual amount of any agency fees received by him during the three years ending on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, and any amount so included shall be deemed to have been wholly paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

3. The following subsection shall be substituted

for subsection (2) of section one hundred and nine of the principal Act:—

" (2) The clerks in a district probate registry

shall be appointed by, and shall be removable by,

the President of the Probate Division, and shall

accordingly be deemed (subject always to the provisions of this Act) to be officers of the Supreme

Court:

Appointment and

status of

clerks in

district

probate

registries.

Provided that the provisions as to officers

of the Supreme Court contained in subsection (1)

196 Ch. 26. Administration of Justice 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

of section one hundred and ten, section one hundred

and eleven and subsection (1) of section one hundred

and eighteen of this Act shall not have effect in

relation to such clerks, and notwithstanding anything in section one hundred and nineteen of this 'Act any such clerk shall, if the President

with the approval of the Treasury so directs, be

entitled to a salary under this Part of this Act

notwithstanding that he has been admitted to his

office without a certificate from the Civil Service

Commissioners. 5 5

Superannuation

allowances

of clerks

in district

probate

registries.

4. The following section shall be inserted after

section one hundred and nine of the principal Act:—

" 109a. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this

section, employment as a clerk in a district

probate registry shall, on whatever date the employment commenced, be deemed to be for all

purposes employment in the civil service of the

State, and if a certificate has been issued to him

by the Civil Service Commissioners allowances,

may be granted in his case accordingly under the

Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919:

Provided that, except in so far as the Treasury

may direct, no account shall be taken for the

purposes of this section of service before the issue

of the certificate.

(2) Where a person who was immediately

before the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight, employed as a clerk in a district

probate registry is required by reason only of his

having attained any age to retire from service

as such a clerk, the Treasury may, if he has been

required to devote his whole time to employment

as such a clerk and if he had attained the age

of fifty-five years before the eighteenth day of

January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

grant to him by way of compensation such

gratuity, not exceeding twice the amount of the

salary received by him during his last year of

employment, as may seem to them just.

(3) Where any person to whom by virtue of this section any allowance or gratuity may be

granted has during the whole or any part of the

1928.

Administration of Justice

Act, 1928.

Ch. 26.

197

three years immediately preceding his retirement

been in receipt of agency fees, his annual salary

for those three years or that part of those three

years shall, for the purposes of this section, be

deemed, if the Treasury so direct, to include an

amount not exceeding the average' annual amount

of any agency fees received by him during the

three years ending on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, or, in the

case of a clerk whose grade was changed at any

time between the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and twenty-three, and the eighteenth

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven, during a period of three years ending on

such later date as the Treasury may think proper

to fix, and any amount so included shall be

deemed to have been wholly paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament.

(4) The decision of the Treasury on any

question which arises as to the application of this section to any person or as to the amount of

any superannuation allowance or gratuity thereunder shall be final."

5. This Part of this Act shall come into operation

on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight.

Part II.

General Amendments op 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 49.

6. The following subsection shall be inserted at the

end of section four of the principal Act:—

" (4) Without prejudice to the provisions of this Act relating to the distribution of business in

the High Court, all jurisdiction vested in the High

Court under this Act shall belong to all the

Divisions alike."

7. After section sixty of the principal Act there

shall be inserted the following section :—

" 60a. — (1) Where by any enactment, rule

or order any proceedings are directed to be transacted or disposed of by or under the direction

of a special judge or judges of the High Court,

Commencement.

Jurisdiction

of Divisions

of High

Court.

Power of

Lord Chancellor to

direct that

business

shall cease

to be

198

Ch. 26.

assigned to

special

judge.

Amendment

of s. 99 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 162 of

principal

Act.

Administration of Justice 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

the Lord Chancellor maj, if at any time it appears

to him desirable so to do, with a view to the more

convenient administration of justice, by order

direct that notwithstanding any such enactment,

rule or order such proceedings may be transacted

and disposed of by or under the direction of any

one or more of the judges of the High Court:

Provided that an order shall not be made

under this subsection except with the concurrence

of the President of the Division to which the

jurisdiction with respect to the proceedings is at

the time assigned."

" (2) Any order made under this section may

at any time be revoked, varied or amended by a

subsequent order so made."

.. 8. Section ninety-nine of the principal Act (which

relates to rules of court) shall be amended as follows:—

(1) At the end of paragraph (d) of subsection (1)

thereof there shall be inserted the words "and

" for providing that any interlocutory applica-

" tion to be made in connection with or for the

" purpose of any appeal or proposed appeal

" to be heard by a divisional court shall be

" heard and disposed of before a single judge ";

and

(2) After the words "High Court " in paragraph (/)

of subsection (1) thereof there shall be inserted

the words "and the procedure on appeals from

" any court or person to the Court of Appeal

" or the High Court, and the procedure in con-

" nection with the transfer of proceedings from

" any inferior court to the High Court or from

" the High Court to an inferiorcourt ".

9. In section one hundred and sixty-two of the

principal Act (which makes provision with respect to

the exercise of the discretion of the court in granting

administration), the following proviso shall be substituted

for the proviso to subsection (1) thereof:—

" Provided that—

(a) where the deceased died wholly intestate as

to his estate, administration shall be granted

to some one or more persons interested in the

residuary estate of the deceased, if they

1928.

Administration of Justice

Act, 1928.

Ch. 26.

199

make an application for the purpose, and as

regards lands settled previously to the death

of the deceased, be granted to the trustees,

if any, of the settlement, if willing to act;

and

(b) if, by reason of the insolvency of the estate

of the deceased or of any other special

circumstances, it appears to the court to be

necessary or expedient to appoint as administrator some person other than the person

who, but for this provision, would by law

have been entitled to the grant of administration, the court may in its discretion,

notwithstanding anything in this Act, appoint

as administrator such person as it thinks

expedient, and any administration granted

under this provision may be limited in any

way the court thinks fit; "

and the principal Act shall be deemed always to have

had effect as if the proviso hereby directed to be inserted

had been contained in the said subsection (1) as originally

enacted.

10. Section one hundred and sixty-nine of the Amendment

principal Act (which relates to the resealing of Irish of s. 169 of

grants) shall be amended by inserting after the words P cl P al

" Northern Ireland " in subsection (1) thereof the words Ac '

" in respect of the personal estate of a person who died

" domiciled in Northern Ireland, " and by inserting after

the words u together with the grant " in subsection (3)

thereof the words—

"(a) a certificate under the hand of the proper

officer of the High Court of Justice in Northern

Ireland that a bond has been given to that

Court in a sum sufficient to cover the property

in England as well as in Northern Ireland in

respect of the grant to be resealed; and

" (6)"

11. The following shall be substituted for section Places for

one hundred and seventy of the principal Act (which deposit of

provides that there shall be one place for the deposit of ^j^and

original wills and certain other documents):— other docu .

" 170. All original wills and other documents ments -

which are under the control of the High Court

200 Ch. 26. Administration of Justice 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

either in the principal probate registry or in any

district probate registry, shall be deposited and

preserved in such places as the President of the

Probate Division, with the consent of the Lord

Chancellor, may direct, and any wills or other

documents so deposited shall, subject to the

control of the High Court and the provisions of

probate rules and orders, be open to inspection."

Provisions

as to bonds

given under

order of

court.

12. The following section shall be inserted after

section two hundred and nineteen of the principal

Act:—

" 219a.—(1) A bond to be given by any

person under or for the purposes of any order of the Court of Appeal or the High Court shall be

given, except where otherwise expressly provided

in this Act, in such form and to such officer of the court, and by such official name, as may be

prescribed, with, if the court so requires, one

or more sureties, and that officer shall as such

have power to enforce any such bond or to assign

it, in accordance with the provisions of this section

to some other person.

(2) Where by rules of court made for the

purposes of this section an officer is at any time

substituted for the officer theretofore prescribed

as the officer to whom bonds of any class are to

be given, such rules may provide that bonds of

that class given before the rules come into operation shall have effect as if the official name of the

substituted officer were therein inserted in lieu of

that of the officer theretofore prescribed.

(3) Where it appears to the satisfaction of the court that the condition of a bond given in

accordance with the provisions of this section has

been broken, the court may, on an application in

that behalf, order that the bond shall be assigned

to such person as may be specified in the order

and the person to whom the bond is ordered to be

assigned shall be entitled by virtue of the order to

sue thereon in his own name as if it had been

originally given to him, and to recover thereon

as trustee for all persons interested the full

amount recoverable in respect of the breach of the condition thereof."

1928.

Administration of Justice

Act, 1928.

Ch. 26.

201

Part III.

Judicial Committee.

13. So much of the Judicial Committee (Amendment) Act, 1895, as imposes a limit on the number of

persons who may become members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council by reason of that Act, as

amended by any subsequent enactment shall cease to

have effect, and accordingly subsection (2) of section one

of that Act and subsections (1) and (3) of section three of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1913, shall be repealed.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous Provisions as to Matters connected

with the Administration op Justice.

14. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided in this

section, the following provisions shall have effect with

respect to the office of the Vice-Chancellor of the County

Palatine of Lancaster :—

(a) a person shall not be qualified for appointment

to the office unless he is a barrister of at least

ten years’ standing:

(b) the appointment to the office shall be made by

deed under the hand and seal of the Chancellor

of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster

(in this section referred to as " the Chancellor "),

unless the Chancellor otherwise determines:

(c) the person appointed to the office shall before

entering on the execution thereof take in the

presence of the Chancellor the oath of allegiance

and the judicial oath in the form prescribed by

the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868:

(d) the holder of the office shall hold it during

good behaviour, subject to a power of removal

by His Majesty on an address presented to His Majesty by both Houses of Parliament:

(e) the holder of the office shall take judicial precedence next after the Judges of the High Court:

(f) the holder of the office shall not be capable of

being elected to, or sitting or voting as a

member of, the Commons House of Parliament:

Repeal of

limit on

number of

dominion

judges who

may be

members of

Judicial

Committee.

58 & 59 Vict,

c. 44.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

Tenure of

office,

precedence

and qualification of

Vice-

Chancellor

of County

Palatine of

Lancaster.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 72.

202

Ch. 26.

Transfer of

funds in

court to

Charity and

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

14 & 15 Vict,

c. 104.

Administration of Justice 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

(g) the holder of the office shall not at any time

during his continuancer therein practise at the

Bar or act as arbitrator or referee for any

remuneration to himself:

(h) the holder of the office shall have his permanent

place of abode within such distance of the

cities of Liverpool and Manchester as the

Chancellor may from time to time direct.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section, with the

omission of paragraphs (a), (6) and (c), shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act, apply to the person who

is the holder of the office of Vice-Chancellor at the date

of the passing of this Act.

ff

15.— (1) Any funds for the time being vested in the

Accountant-General of the Supreme Court for and on

behalf of the Supreme Court and held by him in trust

for any charity subject to the jurisdiction of the Charity

Commissioners or of the Board of Education, or in trust

for any ecclesiastical corporation m the Church in ,

England may, if the Lord Chancellor, on an application

made in that behalf to the Accountant-General, as the

case may be, either by the Charity Commissioners or the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners, thinks fit so to direct, be

transferred to the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds

or the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, as the case may be;

and any funds transferred under any such order shall be

vested in and, held by the Official Trustees of Charitable

Funds or the Ecclesiastical Commissioners respectively

in trust for the charity or ecclesiastical corporation, upon

the trusts upon which the funds were held before the

transfer.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the principal Act

or in any rule or order made thereunder, no fees,

shall be payable under that Act or any such rule or

order in respect of a transfer of funds made under this

section.

(3) In this section—

The expression "ecclesiastical corporation " means

any ecclesiastical corporation within the meaning of the Episcopal and Capitular Estates

Act, 1851, and includes the incumbent of a

benefice:

1928.

Administration of Justice

Act, 1928.

Cn. 26.

203

The expression "benefice" means a benefice with

or without cure of souls, and includes

rectories and vicarages, perpetual curacies

and endowed public chapels, parochial

chapelries and chapelries or districts belonging or reputed to belong or annexed or

reputed to be annexed to any church or

chapel.

16. The powers of a court under section five of the

Guardianship of Infants Act, 1886, as amended by the

Guardianship of Infants Act, 1925, to make orders

regarding the custody of an infant and the right of

access thereto of either parent, may be exercised upon

the application of the father of an infant in like manner

as those powers may be exercised upon the application

of the mother of the infant.

17. Section one hundred and fifty-four of the

County Courts Act, 1888 (which regulates the sale of

goods taken in execution), shall be amended by inserting

therein after the words "put in possession by the bailiff "

the words "or may be safeguarded in such other manner

" as the high bailiff directs."

18. Subsection (3) of section four of the County

Courts Act, 1924, shall have effect, and be deemed

always to have had effect, as if for the proviso to the

said subsection there were substituted the following:—

" Provided that, if a registrar who was,

immediately before his appointment as registrar,

an assistant registrar or a civil servant, gives

notice in the prescribed form within the prescribed period of his desire to continue, in the

case of an assistant registrar subject to the provisions of this Act relating to the pensions of

persons in court service, or in the case of a civil

servant subject to the statutory provisions relating

to the pensions of civil servants, he shall, for the

purposes of pension, be deemed not to be a registrar to whom this section applies, but to be a

person employed in court service or a civil servant,

as the case may be."

Amendment

of Guardianship of

Infants Act,

1886.

49 & 50

Vict. c. 27.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 45.

Amendment

as to custody

of goods taken

in execution

in the county

court.

51 & 62 Vict,

c. 43.

Amendment

of s. 4 of

County

Courts Act,

1924.

14 & 15 Geo.

5. c. 17.

204 Ch. 26. Administration of Justice 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

Part V. -

General.

Minor 19. — (1) The amendments specified in the second

ment d "f column of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act

e &16 (being amendments consequential on the provisions

Geo. 5. c. 49, of this Act and amendments relating to matters of

51 & 52 Vict, minor detail) shall be made in the provisions of the

c. 43, and principal Act specified in the first column of that Part

16 & 17 Vict. c f that Schedule,

c. 20.

(2) The amendments specified in the second column

of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act (being

minor amendments of the County Courts Act, 1888)

shall be made in the provisions of that Act specified in

the first column of that Part of that Schedule.

(3) The amendment specified in the second column

of Part III of the First Schedule to this Act (being a

minor amendment of the Legitimacy Act, 1926) shall

be made in the provisions of that Act specified in the

first column of that Part of that Schedule.

Short title,

repeal,

construction and

printing.

(3) This Act (except so much thereof as amends

the Guardianship of Infants Acts, 1886 and 1925,) shall

not apply to Scotland.

(4) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

(5) Every enactment and word which is directed by

Parts I and II and this Part of this Act-to be substituted for any portion of the principal Act shall form

part of that Act in the place assigned to it by those

Parts of this Act, and the principal Act shall be construed as if the said enactment or word had been

enacted in the principal Act in the place so assigned

and had been enacted in lieu of the enactment or word

for which it is substituted.

A copy of the principal Act with the amendments

effected by Parts I and II and this Part of this Act shall

20.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Administration of Justice Act, 1928.

(2) The enactments set out in the Second Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified

in the third column of that Schedule.

1928.

Administration of Justice

Act, 1928.

Ch. 26.

205

be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments

and deposited with the Rolls of Parliament, and His Majesty’s printer shall print in accordance with the copy

so certified all copies of the principal Act which are

printed after the date on which those amendments

respectively take effect.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Amendments of the Supreme Court op Judicature

(Consolidation) Act, 1925.

Enactment

amended. Amendment.

Section 57

Section 112

Section 115

Section 116

Section 118

Section 161

In subsection (1), for the word "matter "

there shall be substituted the word "pro-

" ceeding."

In subsection (1) after the word "principal "

there shall be inserted the words "or a

" district."

In subsection (1), for the words "twenty-

eight " there shall be substituted the words

" twenty-seven."

In subsection (4) for the words "appointed

" before the commencement of this Act by

" virtue of the Court of Probate Act, 1857,

" or the Court of Probate Act, 1858, or

" appointed after the commencement of

" this Act by virtue of the corresponding

" provisions of this Act " there shall .be

substituted the words "holding any office

" a vacancy in which is to be filled under

" the provisions of this Act by the President

" of the Probate Division."

In subsection (1) after the words "to this

" Act " there shall be inserted the words

" or with respect to officers employed in

" district probate registries."

In subsection (5), after the word "whether "

there shall be inserted the words "the

testator or "

Section 19.

206

Ch. 26.

Administration of Justice 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

1st Sen.

— cont.

Enactment

amended.

Amendment.

Section 167

Section 171

Section 213

In subsection (4) there shall be substituted

for the words "is assigned in pursuance of

" the order" the words "ordered to be

" assigned, " and there shall be inserted

after the word "entitled" the words "by

" virtue of the order."

For the words from " obtained " to the end of the section there shall be substituted the

following:

" (a) from the registry in which the will or

documents relating to the grant are

preserved; or

(b) where the will or other document is

preserved in some" place other than

a registry, from the principal probate

registry; or

(c) subject to the approval of the principal probate registrar, from the

principal probate registry in any

case in which the will was proved

in or the gran# was issued from a

district probate registry."

In subsection (2) the words "except in the

" case of the fees to be taken in connection

" with non-contentious probate business "

shall be omitted.

First Schedule -

" 20 & 21 Vict,

c. 43.

After the provision relating to the Common

Law Procedure Act, 1862, there shall be

inserted the following provision:—

The Summary Jurisdiction Sections two, three,

Act, 1867. eight, ten and

eleven."

Part II.

« *

Amendments of the County Courts Act, 1888.

Section 71 - For the words "the Treasury" there shall be

substituted the words "the Lord Chancellor."

Section 168 - After the words "shall then be or believed to

be, with a warrant, " there shall be inserted

the words "thereon endorsed or, " and the

words " hand of the high bailiff and " shall

cease to have effect.

- This section shall cease to have effect.

Section 170

1928. Administration of Justice Ch. 26.

Act, 1928.

Part III.

Amendment of the Legitimacy Act, 1926.

Section 2 - - For the words "the Legitimacy (Declaration)

Act, 1858" there shall be substituted the

words " section one hundred and eighty-

" eight of the Supreme Court of Judicature

" (Consolidation) Act, 1925."

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

51 & 62 Vict. The County Courts Act,

c. 43. 1888.

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 23.

14 & 15 Geo.5.

o. 17.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 49.

The Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1890.

The County Courts Act,

1924.

The Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925.

In section seventy-one the

word " Treasury "; in section one hundred and fifty-

eight the words -‘hand of the high bailiff and "; and

section one hundred and

seventy.

Section seven.

The proviso to subsection (3)

of section four.

In subsection (1) of section

fifty - seven the word

"matter"; subsection (2)

of section one hundred and

nine; in subsection (1) of

section one hundred and

fifteen the words "twenty-

eight"; in subsection (4)

of section one hundred and

sixteen the words "ap-

" pointed before the com-

" mencement of this Act

" by virtue of the Court

" of Probate Act, 1857,

" or the Court of Probate

" Act, 1858, or appointed

" after the commence-

" ment of this Act by

207

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 20.

20 §

Gh. .26, '27. Administration-ofustice J.8 & 19 Geo. 5.

* Ac£ 1928.

2nd Sch.

cant.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Geo.5. The Supreme Court of

c. 49— ami. .Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925— cont.

" virtue of the corre-

" sponding provisions of

" this Act "; subsection (3)

of section one hundred and

twenty-six; the proviso to

subsection (1) of section one

hundred and sixty-two;

section one hundred and

seventy; in Bubsection (2)

of section two hundred

and thirteen the words

" except in the case of the

" fees (i to be taken in con-

" nection with non-conten-

" tious probate business."

CHAPTER 27: '

An Act to prohibit the use of young persons in

the conveyance or delivery of messages or information relating to betting; and for purposes

connected therewith.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Prohibition

of the use of

young

persons

in the

conveyance

or delivery

of messages

or information

relating to

betting.

1, —(1) Any person who causes or procures or

attempts to cause or procure any youpg person to

convey or deliver any slip, note or message, verbal or

written, which relates to any bet or wager, or to convey

or deliver any information, advice or money for the

purpose of maldng or procuring the making of any bet

or wager, or which relates to any bet or wager already

made, to any bookmaker, and any bookmaker who

accepts from a young person any such slip, note, message,

information, advice or money, shall each be guilty of an

offence and shall be liable, on conviction by a court of

summary jurisdiction, to imprisonment with or without

209

1928. Bettifig{Xuventle- . Ch. 27, '< 28.

Messengers) (co t land f Act, 1928.

hard labour for a term not exceeding one month* or to

a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both

imprisonment and fine, and any person convicted as

aforesaid a second time or subsequently shall be liable

to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three

months, or to a fine of not less than twenty pounds but

not exceeding fifty pounds.

(2) The expression "young person" means a person

under the age of sixteen years (not being an officer of the Post Office acting in the course of his duty).

The expression "bookmaker" means any person

who, whether on his own account or as servant or agent

to any other person, carries on, whether occasionally or

regularly, the business of receiving or negotiating bets, or

who in any manner holds himself out or permits himself

to be held out in any manner as a person who receives

or negotiates bets.

2. This Act shall extend to Scotland only and may

be cited as the Betting (Juvenile Messengers) (Scotland)

Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to amend paragraph (6) of section eleven

of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1883.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Paragraph (&) of section eleven of the Education

(Scotland) Act, 1883, shall have effect as though the

following were added:—

" Provided that where reasonable facilities

are provided by an education authority for the

conveyance of such child to and from a public

school beyond three miles from the residence of

such child, measured as aforesaid, such distance

shall not be a reasonable excuse for non-attendance

at’school."

Extent and

short title.

Amendment

of 46 & 47

Vict. c. 66.

s. 11 (6).

0

210

Short title.

Provisions

as to

slaughter of

animals, &e.

Licences.

Ch. 28, 29. Education (Scotland)18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

2. This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Act, 1928, and the Education (Scotland) Acts,

1872 to 1925, and this Act may be cited together as the

Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1928.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to provide for the humane slaughter of

animals in Scotland.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No animal, except swine, shall be slaughtered

in a slaughter-house or knacker’s yard except in accordance with the provisions of this section.

(2) Every such animal shall be instantaneously

slaughtered, or shall by stunning'"be instantaneously '

rendered insensible to pain until death supervenes, and

such slaughtering or stunning shall be effected by a

person who is at the time the holder of a licence issued

by the local authority under section two of this Act

by means of a mechanically-operated instrument in

proper repair and of a type approved by the local

authority.

(3) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with

or causes or permits any contravention or non-compliance

with any of the provisions of this section, or attempts

to slaughter an animal in a slaughter-house or knacker’s

yard otherwise than in accordance with the said provisions, he shall be liable on conviction by a court of

summary jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds

or on a second conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty

pounds or on a subsequent conviction to imprisonment

for a period not exceeding sixty days or to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment

and fine.

2.—(1) A licence to slaughter or stun animals in

accordance with the provisions of this Act shall not be

granted except to a male person of the age of eighteen

years or upwards who is, in the opinion of the local

1928. Slaughter of Ch. 29. 211

Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928.

O

authority, a fit and proper person to hold such a

licence.

(2) A licence under this section shall be valid only

in the district of the local authority granting the same,

and for a period not exceeding twelve months, and may be

renewed from time to time at the discretion of the local

authority. %

(3) The local authority may suspend a licence at

any time for such period as they may determine and,

where they are satisfied that the person is no longer a

fit and proper person to hold a licence, may revoke the

licence.

(4) Any person aggrieved by the refusal of the local

authority to grant a licence or by the suspension or

revocation by the local authority of a licence may appeal

to the sheriff against such refusal, suspension, or revocation, within one month of the intimation thereof, and

the decision of the sheriff shall be final.

(5) A fee, not exceeding five shillings, may be charged

by the local authority for each such licence and a fee

not exceeding one shilling for every renewal thereof.

(6) The provisions of this section shall apply to any

licence granted by the local authority for the purpose

of the provisions of this Act with regard to the Jewish

and Mohammedan methods of slaughter.

3. Any local authority which has provided or Employ-

established a slaughter-house may, if they think fit,

employ persons to slaughter or stun animals, in accord- men g bvloca

ance with the provisions of this Act, and may make authority,

such charges as they consider reasonable for the services of the persons so employed.

4. Any constable and any person authorised in Obstruction

writing by a local authority may enter any slaughter- officers,

house or knacker’s yard in the district of the local &c *

authority at any time when business is, or appears to be

in progress, or is usually carried on therein for the purpose

of ascertaining whether there is or has been any contravention of or non-compliance with the provisions of this Act, and if any person shall refuse to permit any

such constable or person to enter any premises which he

is entitled to enter under this Act, or shall obstruct or

impede him in the exercise of his duties under this Act,

he shall be liable on conviction by a court of summary

jurisdiction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

0 2

212

Ch. 29.

Provision

to local

Acts.

Revocation

of inconsistent provisions.

Definitions.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 38.

Slaughter of 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Animals (Scotland) Act, i928.

i 5. —(1) Section one of this Act shall not apply to

the slaughter of any animal in. a slaughter-house in

the city and royal burgh of Glasgow ‘so long as. the.

provisions of section seventy-two of - the Glasgow; Corporation Order, 1927, as amended by the immediately

succeeding subsection of- this section apply to such

slaughter. ' ‘

(2) Section seventy-two of the Glasgow Corporation '

Order, 1927, shall be amended as follows:—

(a) For the authorisation in writing referred to in

subsection (2) there shall be substituted a

licence granted by the corporation;

(b) In lieu of subsection (4) the provisions of section.

eight of this Act shall apply with the substitution of a reference to the provisions of the said section seventy-two for any reference

to any provisions of this Act, and of a licence

granted by the corporation for a licence granted

by the local authority; and

(c) The provisions of section two of this Act shall

apply to any licence granted by the corporation

in like manner as they apply to a licence granted

by the local authority.

(3) Save as provided in the foregoing subsections,

the provisions of any local Act, so far as inconsistent

with this Act, shall cease to have effect.

6. Any byelaws made by a local authority under any

Act, so far as inconsistent with any provision of this Act,

shall be invalid, but without prejudice to the validity of

anything done thereunder before the commencement of this Act.

7. For the purposes of this Act—

(a) " Slaughter-house " " knackers’., yard, " and

" local authority, " have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Public Health

(Scotland) Act, 1897;

(b) The expression "animal" means any horse,

mare, gelding, pony, foal, colt, filly, stallion,

ass, donkey, mule, bull, cow, bullock, heifer

calf, steer, ox, sheep, ewe, wether, ram,

lamb, pig, boar, hog, sow, goat and kid;

(c) Any expenses incurred by a local authority

in the exercise of their powers under this Act

1928. Slaughter of Ch. 29. 213

Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928.

.shall be defrayed in like manner as the expenses

of the local 'authority are defrayed under the

Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897:Provided

that in the* case of* a local authority owning a

slaughter-house such expenses may, if such

local authority so determine, be defrayed out

of the funds from which such slaughter-house

is maintained; '

(d) " Constable " includes any constable within the

• meaning of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1890, 53 & 54 Vict,

and any 'justice of the peace constable. c -. 67 -

8. The provisions of section one of this Act shall Saving for '

not apply where an animal is slaughtered for the food Jewish

of Jews by a Jew duly licensed for the purpose by the of

Chief Rabbi and holding a licence granted by the local s aughter *

authority or for the food of Mohammedans by a

Mohammedan holding a licence granted by the local

authority if such slaughtering is carried out according to

the Jewish or the Mohammedan method of slaughter, as

the case may be, and no unnecessary suffering is inflicted.

% %

9. —(1) Byelaws under section two hundred and Byelaws,

eighty-one of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, may 55 & 56 Vict,

provide for the prevention of cruelty to animals in o. 55.

knackers’ yards, and the local authority of a district,

other than a burgh, may make byelaws for the prevention

of cruelty to animals in slaughter-houses and knackers ’

yards, and the provisions of sections one hundred and

eighty-three to one hundred and eighty-seven, inclusive,

of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897, shall, with

the substitution of a Secretary of State for the Scottish

Board of Health, apply to byelaws made by the local

authority of a district other than a burgh.

• (2) The local authority of a burgh to which the

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, does not apply may

make byelaws for the prevention of cruelty to animals in

slaughter-houses and knackers’ yards, and the provisions

of sections three hundred and seventeen to three hundred

and twenty-four, inclusive, of the said Act shall apply

to such byelaws.

10. Section one of this Act shall not apply to the Provision as

slaughter under the Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to to Diseases

1927, of an animal if such slaughter is carried out by c mma 8

an officer of or person employed by the Minister of

214

Ch. 29, 30.

Slaughter of 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Animals (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Short title

and commencement.

Appointment of

Commissioners.

Agriculture and Fisheries by means of a mechanically

operated instrument in proper -repair and of a type

approved by the Minister, and section four of this Act shall not apply in respect of any slaughter-house

or knacker’s yard which for the time being is or is in

an infected place wit hin the meaning of the said Acts.

11-—(1) This Act shall apply to Scotland, and may

be cited as the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Act,

1928.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine:

Provided that section one, in so far as it relates to the

slaughter of any sheep, ewe, wether, ram or lamb, shall

not come into operation until the first day of October,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to make further provision for the

re-organisation of educational and other endowments in Scotland.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purposes of this Act it shall be

lawful for His Majesty to appoint nine Commissioners,

and to appoint a secretary to the Commissioners, and

as vacancies occur to supply such vacancies. The

Commissioners and the secretary shall hold, office during

His Majesty’s pleasure. His Majesty may from time to

time appoint one of the Commissioners to be chairman.

(2) The secretary and such assistant commissioners

and other officers, as the Commissioners may with the

consent of the Treasury as to number appoint, shall be

paid such remuneration as the Treasury may determine,

and such remuneration, together with all expenses

incurred by the Commissioners in the execution of this Act with the approval of the Treasury, shall be paid

out of moneys provided by Parliament.

1928.

Educational

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

215

2. Subject to the provisions hereinafter contained,

the Commissioners shall have power to prepare draft

schemes for the future government and management of

educational endowments, which schemes may provide—

(a) for altering the purposes to which such endowments are applied or applicable and the conditions and provisions regarding such application;

(b) for the application of the capital or income of

such endowments to such educational purposes,

mental or physical, moral or social, as the

Commissioners think fit having regard to the

public interest and to existing conditions, social

and educational: Provided always that the

capital of any such endowment shall not be

expended except on a purpose to which capital

may properly be devoted;

(c) for grouping, amalgamating, combining, or

dividing any such endowments;

(d) for altering the constitution of the governing

body of any such endowment, or uniting two

or more existing governing bodies or establishing

new governing bodies with such powers as shall

seem necessary, and for incorporating any

governing body, whether old or new;

(e) for altering the powers as to the investment of the funds of any such endowment.

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall

be the duty of the Commissioners in re-organising any

endowment in pursuance of the powers conferred by this Act to have special regard—

(a) to the spirit of the intention of the founders as

embodied either (i) in the original deed constituting the endowment where it is still the

governing instrument, or (ii) in the scheme

approved under the Act of 1882, or under any

other Act, or in any Provisional Order affecting

the endowment;

(b) to the interest of the locality to which the

endowment belongs;

(c) to the possibility of effecting economy in administration by the grouping, amalgamation, or

combination of any two or more endowments.

Powers of

Commissioners.

Directions

as to

schemes for

re-organisation.

216 Ch. 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

(2) In every scheme ■which abolishes or modifies

any privileges or educational advantages to which a

particular class of persons is entitled, whether as inhabitants of a particular area or as belonging to a particular

class in life or otherwise, the Commissioners shall have

regard to the educational interests of such class of persons:

Provided always that, where the governing instrument

of any educational endowment has expressly provided

for the education of children belonging to the poorer

classes, either generally or within a particular area, •

or otherwise for their benefit, such endowment for such

education or otherwise for their benefit shall continue,

so far as requisite, to be applied for the benefit of such

_ children.

4.—(1) The powers of the Commissioners under this Act shall not extend—

(a) to any educational endowment given either by

present gift made subsequently to the thirty-

first day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty, or by the will of a testator who died

after the said day;

(b) to any endowment vested in, or administered

by, or in the gift of any of the universities

of Scotland, or any of the colleges of such

universities (hereinafter in this Act referred

to as a university endowment); or

(c) to any endowment solely or mainly applicable

or applied for the purposes of theological

instruction or belonging to any theological

institution (hereinafter in this Act referred

to as a theological endowment); or

(d) to the property vested in the Carnegie Trustees

for the Universities of Scotland (hereinafter

in this Act referred to as the Carnegie Trust),

unless the founder or the governing body of such endowment, or the University Court of such university or the

said Carnegie Trustees respectively, shall intimate in

writing to the Commissioners their consent to such

endowment or Trust being dealt with under this Act.

(2) Where the University Court of any university

or the Carnegie Trustees intimate in writing to the

Act not to

apply to

certain endowments.

1928.

Educational

Endoivments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

217

Commissioners their consent that a university endowment

or the Carnegie Trust respectively shall be dealt with

under this Act, the provisions of this Act shall apply

to such endowment or Trust with the substitution for

the Department of the Scottish Universities Committee

of the Privy Council.

5. Where part of an endowment has been given Date of en-

on or before the thirty-first day of December, nineteen dowments.

hundred and twenty, and another part has been given

after the said day, and the two portions cannot in the

opinion of the Commissioners be conveniently separated

from each other, the date of the older part of the endowment shall be held to be the date of the endowment.

6. Where any part of an endowment is an educa- Mixed en-

tional endowment within the meaning of this Act, dowments.

and part of it is applicable or applied to other charitable

purposes, the scheme shall be in conformity with the

following provisions (except so far as the governing

body of such endowment assent to the scheme departing

therefrom), that is to say :—

(1) The proportion of the endowment or annual

income for the time being derived therefrom

which is applicable to such other charitable

uses shall not be diverted by the scheme from

such uses upless in the opinion of the Commissioners—

(a) there are no persons who are entitled

to benefit out of such part of the endowment;

or

(b) the purposes of such part of the endowment have failed altogether or have become

obsolete or useless or are otherwise sufficiently

provided for; or

(c) such purposes have become insi gnifi cant

in comparison with the magnitude of such

part of the endowment; or

(d) such purposes have become prejudicial

to the public welfare.

(2) The proportion of the endowment or annual

income for the time being so applicable to such

218

Ch. 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

other charitable uses shall be deemed to be the

proportion which, in the opinion of the Commissioners, is the proportion which has according

to the average of such number of years as the

Commissioners shall determine been appropriated as regards capital or applied as regards

income to such uses, or if that proportion

differs from the proportion which ought to have

been so appropriated or applied according to

the express directions of the instrument of

foundation or the decree of any competent

court or the statutes or regulations governing

such endowment, the proportion applicable to

such other charitable uses shall be the proportion

which ought, according to the express directions

of such instrument, or such decree or such

statutes or regulations, to have been appropriated or applied to such other charitable

uses:

(3) If the proportion applicable to other charitable

uses amounts to or exceeds one half of the whole

of the endowment, the governing body of such

endowment existing at the date of the scheme

shall, so far as regards its non-educational

purposes, remain unaltered by the scheme:

(4) Where the governing body remains so unaltered,

that body shall pay or apply for educational

purposes such proportion as under the former

provisions of this section is applicable to

those purposes, or such less sum as may be

fixed by the Commissioners:

(5) When any portion of the endowment or the

annual income of such portion has been

accumulated and not applied to- any purpose,

the Commissioners shall determine whether,

and in what proportion, such portion or income

is to be considered for the purposes of this

section as having been appropriated or applied

for educational purposes or for other charitable

uses.

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section,

the Commissioners shall have power by any scheme

s to deal with such endowments, and with the governing

1928.

Educational

Endoioments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

219

body thereof, in the same manner in all respects as if the

whole of it were an educational endowment.

7. Where the governing body of any endowment

(not being an educational endowment) are of opinion

that it is expedient that the endowment should be

dealt with by the Commissioners on any of the following

grounds, viz. :—

(a) That there are no persons entitled to benefit out

of the endowment; or

(b) That the purposes of the endowment have

failed altogether or have become obsolete or

useless or prejudicial to the public welfare,

or are otherwise sufficiently provided for, or

are insignificant in comparison with the magnitude of the endowment, or are not substantially

beneficial to the class of persons for whom the

endowment was originally intended; or

(c) That it is impossible, owing to the inadequacy

of the endowment or to the impracticable

character of the founder’s intentions, to carry

these intentions into effect,

the governing body may intimate in writing to the

Commissioners their consent to the endowment being

dealt with under this Act and thereafter such endowment

may be dealt with in all respects as if it were an

educational endowment.

8. —(1) Where the Lord Advocate is of opinion on

any such ground as is specified in the immediately preceding section of this Act that a scheme for the future

administration of any endowment to which this section

applies should be framed, he may present a petition

to the Court of Session for such a scheme and on any

such petition the Court shall have power to frame a

scheme for the future administration of the endowment

and for the application of the capital or income of the

endowment to any purposes, as nearly as may be analogous to those contained in the governing instrument,

as the Court shall think fit.

(2) This section shall apply to any such endowment

as is mentioned in the immediately preeeding section

Non-educa-

tional endowments.

Schemes by

Court of

Session.

220

Endowments for

apprenticeship fees.

Vested

interests.

Interests

acquired

after

passing of

Act.

Selection

of beneficiaries.

Ch. 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

or in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section four of this Act where the governing-body of such endowment

have not intimated their consent to its being dealt with

under this Act.

9. For the purposes and subject to the provisions

of this Act, endowments for the payment of apprenticeship

fees, or for the advancement in Mfe, or for the maintenance

or clothing, or otherwise for the benefit of poor children

shall be deemed to be and may be dealt with as educational endowments.

10. In framing a scheme for any endowment, the

Commissioners shall save or shall make due compensation

for the vested interests of individuals folding any office,

place, employment, pension, compensation allowance,

bursary, or emolument under or arising out of the

endowment at the date of the passing of this Act.

11. Every interest, right, privilege, or preference

which any person may acquire after the passing of this Act, in or relative to any endowment, or in the!

governing body thereof, or as member of any such

governing body, or in or relative to any office, place,

employment, pension, compensation allowance, bursary,

or emolument in the gift of any such governing body,

shall be subject to the provisions of any scheme made

under this Act; and the governing body of an educational

endowment shall not, during the continuance of the

powers of the Commissioners under this Act, begin to

build, rebuild, or enlarge any school buildings, or

teachers’ residences, or buildings connected therewith,

except with the written consent of the Commissioners, or

under the directions or powers of such a scheme, but

this provision shall not prevent them from continuing any

works begun before the commencementrof this Act, or

from doing anything necessary for the repair or maintenance of buildings or residences existing at the

commencement of this Act.

12. In framing a scheme for any endowment, the

Commissioners shall provide that in making a selection

from amongst those eligible for the benefits of the

endowment, due regard shall be paid to diligence, attainment and promise as ascertained in such manner as the

Commissioners 1 shall determine.

1928.

Educational

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

221

13 . In framing schemes the Commissioners shall,

so far as can be equitably arranged and as the circumstances of each particular locality require, provide for

extending to both sexes the benefit of endowments.

14 . — (1)In every scheme the Commissioners shall

provide for the dismissal at pleasure of every officer

in the employment of the governing body and of every

teacher and officer in any endowed school to which the

scheme relates, provided that (i) the scheme shall make

provision for the application in the case of the dismissal

of a certificated teacher of the provisions of section twenty-

one of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908, and of section

twenty-four of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918, with

t*he substitution of the governing body for the education

authority, and with any other necessary modifications,

and (ii) the scheme may confer on any such officer or

teacher (other than a certificated teacher) as aforesaid a

right of appeal to such authority and on such conditions

as to the Commissioners may seem fit.

(2) Any such scheme may contain provision for the

removal of any religious test or qualification applicable

to teachers.

15 . — (1)Every scheme shall provide for the

periodical inspection of any school sharing in any endowment dealt with by the scheme in such manner as the

Department may from time to time prescribe, and,

except in the case of a public or a grant-aided school, the

cost of such inspection shall be paid out of the funds of the endowment to which the scheme relates.

(2) Every scheme shall provide for the periodical

audit of the accounts of any endowment dealt with by

the scheme in such manner and by such person as the

Department may from time to time prescribe, and,

except in the case of a university or theological endowment or of the Carnegie Trust, the person to be so prescribed may be the accountant of the Department.

(3) The cost of any audit in pursuance of the foregoing subsection shall be paid out of the funds of the

endowment, and, where the audit is made by the accountant of the Department, there shall be chargeable and

included in the cost thereof such fees as the Department

with the consent of the Treasury may fix.

Benefits to be

extended to

both sexes.

Tenure of

office of

teachers,

&c.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 63.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 48.

Inspection

and audit.

222 Ch. 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Preliminary 16 . Before preparing the draft of a scheme for any

inquiry. endowment, the Commissioners may by themselves or

by any assistant commissioner hold such public inquiry

as they think proper, and shall give the governing body

or governing bodies an opportunity of being heard.

Governing

body may

lodge draft

scheme.

Printing

and publication of

draft

schemes.

Objections

to draft

schemes.

Framing of

schemes.

17 . Any governing body or any governing bodies

jointly may within two months after the commencement

of this Act give notice in writing of their intention to

submit a draft scheme for the consideration of the Commissioners, and if after such notice they submit such a

scheme within four months after the commencement of this Act the Commissioners shall take it into consideration

before preparing their scheme.

18 . When the Commissioners have prepared the

draft of a scheme, they shall cause it to be printed, and

printed copies of it to be sent to the governing body

of the endowment to which it relates, and shall also

cause the draft, or a proper abstract thereof, to be

published in such manner as they think sufficient for

giving information to all persons interested.

19 . During two months after the first publication

of the draft of a scheme, the Commissioners shall receive

any objections made to them in writing by any public

body or persons interested respecting such scheme, and

any amendments proposed thereon, and at any time after

the expiration of such two months the Commissioners,

if they think fit, may hold an inquiry, or they may refer

the draft of the scheme, and the amendments proposed

thereon, to an assistant commissioner, and direct him to

hold a local public inquiry concerning the subject-matter

of such scheme.

20 . As soon as may be after the expiration of the

said two months, or the holding of such inquiry by the

Commissioners, or the receipt by the Commissioners of the

report of the assistant commissioner on the local inquiry

held by him (as the case may be), the Commissioners

shall proceed to consider any objections made to them in

writing respecting the draft scheme, and any amendments proposed thereon, and the report (if any), and

thereupon they shall, if they think fit, frame a scheme

in such form as they think expedient, and submit it for

1928.

Educational

Endoivments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

223

the approval of the Department, provided that, where

a scheme has been prepared and submitted in pursuance

of this Act to the Commissioners, before the Commissioners have prepared the draft of a scheme, the Commissioners shall, if requested by the governing body who.

submitted it, submit such scheme with their own to the

Department.

21. The Department, as soon as a scheme is sub- Considera-

mitted to them, shall, before approving it, cause it, or of

a proper abstract of it, to be published in such manner by

as they think sufficient for giving information to all me b t

persons interested, together with a notice stating that

, during two months after the first publication of such

notice the Department will receive any objections made

to them in writing by any public body or persons

interested respecting such scheme. After the expiration

of the said two months, unless a case has been submitted

to the Court of Session within the time and in the manner

hereinafter provided, the Department may, if they think

fit, approve the scheme or may remit the scheme to the

Commissioners, with such declaration as the nature of the case seems to them to require, and if they remit the

scheme with a declaration the provisions contained in the

immediately succeeding section shall apply.

The Department as soon as they approve a scheme

shall forthwith, in such manner as they think sufficient

for giving information to all persons interested, publish

a notice that the scheme has been approved by them,

and that unless within two months after the first publication of such notice a petition is presented to the Department as in this section mentioned, the scheme may be

approved by His Majesty by an Order in Council without

being laid before Parliament.

During the said two months a petition praying that

the scheme may be laid before Parliament may be

presented to the Department by the governing body of the endowment to which the scheme relates, or by the

town council of any burgh directly affected by the

scheme, or by any education authority so affected, or by

any ratepayers (not less than twenty) of any burgh or

parish or place directly affected by the scheme, or

by any person or persons having a vested interest in the

endowment or any part of it.

224

Amended

schemes.

Quorum of

Commissioners.

Quorum of

governing

body.

Special case

to Court of

Session on

questions of

law.

Ch. 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

22. Where a scheme is remitted with a declaration

the Department shall transmit to the Commissioners

any objections made to them in writing respecting

such scheme, and the Commissioners may thereupon

. proceed to prepare an amended scheme and may

submit the same for the approval of the Department

in the same manner and subject to the same provisions

as are in this Act provided in the case of the approval

of a scheme, and so on from time to time as often as

occasion may require.

23. A scheme of the Commissioners shall not be

submitted to the Department unless a majority of the Commissioners for the time being have signified

in writing their approval of such scheme, but in all

other respects three Commissioners may act under

this Act.

24. The majority of members of a governing

body who are present at a meeting of their body duly

constituted shall have power to do anything that may

be required to be done by a governing body for the

purposes of this Act: Provided that this power shall

be in addition to and not in restraint of any power

which any meeting of such governing body may have

independently of this Act.

25. If—

(1) the governing body of any endowment to

which a scheme relates, or any person or body

corporate directly affected by such scheme,

feel aggrieved by the scheme on the ground

that it is not within the scope of, or is not

made in conformity with this Act, or

(2) any person, holding any office v .place, employment, pension, compensation allowance, bursary, or emolument under or arising out of

an endowment dealt with by the scheme, feels

aggrieved by the scheme on the ground that

it does not comply with the provisions of this Act as to saving or making due compensation for his vested interests,

such governing body, person, or body corporate may,

within one month after the first publication of the

► scheme, submit a case to the Court of Session, to which

1928.

Educational

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

225

the Commissioners shall and any others directly interested

may be parties, for the opinion of the said Court on

the question or questions therein stated, and if the

Court is of opinion that the scheme is contrary to law

on any of the grounds in this section mentioned, the

Department shall not approve thereof, but they may,

if they think fit, remit the same to the Commissioners

with a declaration as hereinbefore provided.

Subject to the provisions of the immediately

succeeding section, a case submitted under this section

shall be framed, lodged, amended, heard, and otherwise

dealt with in the same maimer, as nearly as may be,

as a special case presented in terms of the sixty-third

-section of the Court of Session Act, 1868.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 100.

26. In any proceeding before the Court of Session Deliverance

authorised by this Act, the judgment or deliverance of Court of

of the Court shall be final and not subject, to review; Session

and the Court shall dispose of all questions of expenses, ^p 0aalof

and may, if they think fit, direct the expenses or any questions of

part thereof (including the expenses of the Commissioners) expenses,

to be paid out of the funds of the educational endowment

to which the proceeding relates:Provided always that it

shall not be lawful for the Court to find the Commissioners

liable in expenses.

27. If at the expiration of the time for a petition Approval of

to the Department praying that a scheme be laid before schemes.

Parliament no such petition has been presented, it

shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Order in Council,

to approve such scheme without the same being laid

before Parliament. If any such petition has been

presented, the Department shall, as soon as may be,

cause the scheme to be laid before both Houses of

Parliament; and after it has lain two months before

Parliament, then it shall be lawful for His Majesty

by Order in Council to approve such scheme if no

address has been presented within such two months

by either of the said Houses praying His Majesty to

withhold his approval or to approve any part of the

scheme to which any address so presented does not

relate.

A scheme when approved by His Majesty in Council

shall have full operation and effect from the date of

P

226

Schemes

for small

endowments.

Amendment

of schemes.

Evidence of

scheme.

Inquiry by

assistant

commissioner.

Ch. 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

such Order in Council, in the same manner as if it had

been enacted in this Act; and thereupon every Act

of Parliament, letters patent, statute, deed, instrument,

trust, or direction relating to the subject-matter of the

scheme, so far as inconsistent with the provisions thereof,

shall be repealed and abrogated.

28. In the case of endowments belonging to any

grant-aided school or to any public school under the

Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1925, of less annual

value than fifty pounds, the procedure hereinbefore

prescribed shall not apply, if the governing body of such

endowment or the education authority within whose area

the school is situated, as the case may be, frame and

submit to the Department a scheme respecting such

endowment. The Department may approve such scheme

with or without any modifications as they think fit.

In framing and approving Bueh scheme the same powers

may be exercised, and subject to the same conditions, as

nearly as may be, as in the case of any scheme under this Act; and such scheme, when approved by the Departs

ment, shall have effect as if it were a scheme approved by

Order in Council under this Act.

29. Schemes may be from time to time framed and

approved for amending any scheme approved under this Act, and all the provisions of this Act relative to an

original scheme shall, with any necessary modifications,

apply also to- an amending scheme.

30. The Order in Council approving a scheme shall

be conclusive evidence that such scheme was within the

scope of and made in conformity with this Act, and the

validity of such scheme and order shall not be questioned

in any legal proceedings whatever.

31. Where any assistant commissioner holds a local

public inquiry under this Act, he shall for that purpose

hold a sitting or sittings in some convenient place in the

neighbourhood of the place where the endowment or

endowments to which the scheme relates is situate or

administered, and shall thereat take and receive any

evidence, oral or documentary, offered, or which may have

been called for or produced under the powers contained

1928.

Educational

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

227

in the immediately succeeding section, and shall hear

and inquire into any objections respecting the scheme or

the endowment or endowments, with power from time

to time to adjourn any sitting.

Notice shall be published in such manner as the

"Commissioners direct of every such kitting (except an

adjourned sitting) fourteen days at least before the

holding thereof.

32. In the execution of this Act the Commissioners

shall have the same powers as a judge of the Court of

Session with regard to the citation and examination of

witnesses and the recovery and inspection of documents,

°and it shall not be necessary that any warrant or citation

or order shall be signed by more than one Commissioner,

and if any warrant or order of the Commissioners in

exercise of the said pow’ers is not obeyed, a judge of The

Court of Session may on summary application by the

Commissioners grant a second warrant of citation and

diligence in ordinary form, or make such other order as

may be necessary.

This section shall authorise the citation and examination of witnesses and the recovery and inspection of

documents before an assistant commissioner; and any

assistant commissioner may administer an oath or

affirmation, as the case may be, to any witness or haver.

33. The assistant commissioner who holds an inquiry

shall make a report in writing to the Commissioners,

setting forth the result of the inquiry, and, when the

inquiry relates to a draft scheme, stating whether in

ins opinion the draft scheme referred to Mm should be

approved with or without alteration, and if with any,

then with what alteration, and his reasons for the same,

and the objections, if any, made on the inquiry and his

opinion thereon.

34. The cost of publishing and circulating any

draft scheme, or scheme or any abstract thereof, under

this Act, shall be paid out of the funds of the endowment

or endowments to which the same relates: Provided that,

d the Department or the Commissioners cause any draft

scheme or scheme or abstract thereof to be published

Power to

cite witnesses, &c.

Report of

assistant

commissioner.

Cost of

publishing

scheme, &c.

228

Service of

notices.

Signature

and evidence of

documents

of the

Department.

Annual

reports.

Returns,

&c., by

governing

body.

Ch. 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

in the Edinburgh Gazette, no fees shall be exigible in

respect of such publication.

35. —(1) Notices and documents required to be

served or sent for the purposes of this Act may be served

or sent by post, and shall be deemed to have been served

and received at the time when the letter containing the

same would be delivered in the ordinary course of the

post; and in proving such service or sending it shall be

sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notices

or documents was properly addressed and put into the

post office.

(2) Notices and documents required to be served on

or sent to a governing body for the purposes of this Act

may be served or sent by being left at the office, if any,

of such governing body, or by being served on or sent

to the chairman, secretary, clerk, or other officer of such

body, or if there is no office, chairman, secretary, clerk,

or officer, or none known to the Commissioners after

reasonable inquiry, by being served on or sent to the

principal teacher of the endowed school, if any, under such '

governing body.

36. Any scheme, declaration, minute, notice, or

other document for the purposes of this Act, if purporting

to be signed by a secretary, or assistant secretary of the

Department, shall, unless the contrary is proved, be

deemed to have been so signed and to have been approved

or made, as the case may be, by the Department.

37. The Commissioners shall in every year make

to the Department a report of their proceedings under

this Act during the preceding year, and the Department

shall cause such report to be laid with all convenient

speed before both Houses of Parliament *

38. Every governing body shall make such reports

and returns and give to the Commissioners such information as to the funds, estates, property, and income under

the control of the governing body as the Commissioners

may from time to time require.

Every governing body shall make such reports

and returns and give such information to the Department

as the Department may from time to time require.

1928,

Educational

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 30.

229

39. If the governing body of any educational Provision

endowment fail to give eii'ect to the provisions of any for default

scheme approved under this Act, it shall be lawful o^| OTernin g

for the Department, after such inquiry as they shall 0 y ‘

think proper, to send a requisition to such governing

body, requiring them to give effect to the provisions of

' the scheme, and the governing body shall comply with

the said requisition without undue delay, and, & they

fail, may be summarily compelled to do so by the Court

of Session, on a petition and complaint at the instance

of the Lord Advocate.

40. The powers of the Commissioners under this Duration of

Act shall not, unless continued by Parliament, be exer- powers of

fcised by them after the thirty-first day of December, Commis-

nineteen hundred and thirty-one. sioners.

41. —(1) After the expiry of the powers of the Powers of

Commissioners the Department shall have, except in the Department

case of a university endowment or of the Carnegie Trust,

the like powers regarding schemes for the future govern- a f ter expiry

ment and management of endowments as are conferred of powers of

by this Act on the Commissioners, and for the purpose Commis-

of the exercise by the Department of the said powers sioners.

the provisions of this Act regarding endowments shall

so far as applicable have effect with the substitution of the Department for the Commissioners subject to the

following modifications:—

(a) The provisions with regard to submission of

schemes for the approval of the Department

shall not apply, and the provisions which apply

in the case of a scheme submitted to the Department shall apply in like manner in the case of

a scheme framed by the Department:

(b) For the power conferred on the Department to

approve a scheme there shall be substituted a

power to confirm a scheme, and any reference to

approving a scheme shall be construed accordingly:

(c) References to remission of a scheme by the

Department to the Commissioners shall not

apply, and for the power so to remit a scheme

which in the opinion of the Court of Session is

contrary to law there shall be substituted a

power to frame an amended scheme:

230

Cel 30. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

(d) The provisions regarding references to, inquiries

by, or reports of an assistant commissioner shall

be construed as if for an assistant commissioner

there were substituted an officer of the Department or other person appointed by them for

the purpose of any such reference, inquiry, or

report, which appointment the Department

shall have power to make:

(e) When the Department after confirming a scheme

have published the notice referred to in section

twenty-one of this Act, the governing body, if

dis-satisfied with the scheme, may at any time

within two months after the first publication

of such notice present a petition to the Court of

Session for amendment of the scheme or for

the substitution of a new scheme, and on any

such petition the court may amend the scheme

or may frame a new scheme, and for such

purposes the court shall have the like powers

as are conferred by this Act on the Commissioners regarding scheih.es for the future 1

government and management of endowments:

(f) When a petition with regard to any scheme has

been presented to the Court of Session under

the foregoing paragraph, the provisions of this Act with regard to laying schemes before

Parliament shall not apply to any such scheme:

(g) Where the Court of Session have, in pursuance

of the foregoing powers, amended a scheme

or framed a new scheme, the scheme as so

amended or the new scheme as so framed shall

have the like effect as a scheme approved by

His Majesty in Council.

(2) After the expiry of the powers of the Commissioners the Scottish Universities Committee of the

Privy Council shall have, in regard to a university

endowment or the Carnegie Trust the like powers as are

conferred by the foregoing subsection on the Department,

and the said subsection in its application to any such

endowment or to the Carnegie Trust shall have effect

with the substitution of the said Scottish Universities

Committee for the Department, provided that paragraphs

(e), (/) and (g) shall not apply.

1928. Educational Ch. 30. 231

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

42. For the purposes of this Act, unless the context Interpreta-

otherwise requires, — tion -

" Endowment " shall mean any property, heritable

or moveable, dedicated to charitable uses, but

shall not, except with the consent of the governing body, include the funds, whether capital or

revenue, of any incorporation or society contributed or paid by the members of such incorporation or society by way of entry moneys or

other fixed or stated payments, nor burgess or

guildry fines paid to any such incorporation or

society, nor funds bequeathed or given to any

such incorporation or society for the benefit

solely of members or widows or families of

members of such incorporation or society:

" Educational endowment " shall mean any endowment which has been applied or is applicable in

whole or in part, whether by the declared intention of the founder, or by the consent of the

governing body, or in pursuance of any scheme

approved under the Act of 1882 qr under any

other Act or of any Provisional Order or by

custom or otherwise, to educational purposes:

" Governing body " shall mean the managers,

governors, or trustees of any endowment or

other person or persons having the administration of the revenue thereof:

" Governing instrument " shall mean, with regard

to any endowment, the scheme approved under

the Act of 1882 or under any other Act or any

Provisional Order, in accordance with which

the endowment is governed and managed or,

where there is no such scheme or Provisional

Order, the deed constituting the endowment:

" Provisional Order " shall mean Provisional Order

confirmed by Act of Parliament:

" The Department " shall mean the Scottish Education Department:

The expression "the Act of 1882 " shall mean the

Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882:45 & 46 Vict.

The expression "grant-aided school " shall mean a c ' 69 '

school in receipt of grants from the Department:

232 Ch. 30, 31. Educational 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Short title,

extent,

and commencement.

The expressions "the accountant of the Department, " " education authority, " " certificated

teacher, " and "public school" shall have the

like meanings as in the Education (Scotland)

Acts, 1872 to 1925.

43. —(lj This Act shall apply to Scotland only and

ma.y be cited as the Educational Endowments (Scotland)

Act, 1928.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to consolidate the Sale of Food and

Drugs Acts.

[3rd August 1928.]

E E it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commops, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

General Provisions.

Restrictions 1 . — (1)No person shall mix, colour, stain, or powder,

on mixing or order or permit any other person to mix, colour, stain

food and or powder—

drugs with

other ingre- (a) any article of food with any ingredient or

dients. material so as to render the article injurious

to health;

(b) any drug with any ingredient or material so

as to affect injuriously the quality or potency

of the drug;

with the intent that the article of food or drug may be

sold in that state.

(2) No person shall sell any article of food or drug

so mixed, coloured, stained or powdered as aforesaid.

(3) If any person contravenes any of the provisions of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall—

(a) in the case of a first offence in relation to an

article of food, or a drug, be liable on summary

1928.

Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

233

conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds;

and

(6) in the case of any offence in relation to an article

of food after conviction for a first offence in

relation to an article of food, or in the case of

any offence in relation to a drug after conviction for a first offence in relation to a drug,

be liable on conviction on indictment to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding six

months:

Provided that a person shall not be liable to be

convicted under this section in respect of the sale of

any article of food or of any drug if he shows to the

satisfaction of the court before whom he is charged

that he did not know, and could not with reasonable

diligence have ascertained, that the article of food or

drug sold by him was so mixed, coloured, stained or

powdered as aforesaid.

(4) Where any regulations made under the Public

Health (Regulations as to Food) Act, 1907 (as amended

by any subsequent enactment), and the enactments

mentioned in that Act, prohibit or restrict the addition

of any preservative or other ingredient or material to

an article of food, the addition of any such ingredient

or material—

(a) if made in contravention of the regulations,

shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act

be deemed to render the article injurious to

health;

(b) if made to an amount not exceeding the limit

(if any) specified by the regulations, shall not for

the purposes of this Part of this Act be deemed

to render the article injurious to health.

2.—(1) No person shall sell to the prejudice of the

purchaser any article of food or any drug which is not of the nature, or not of the substance, or not of the quality,

of the article demanded by the purchaser.

(2) If any person contravenes the provisions of this

section, he shall be guilty of an offence:

Provided that an offence under this section shall

not be deemed to have been committed—

(a) where any ingredient or material not injurious to

health has been added to the article of food or

7 Edw. 7.

c. 32.

Prohibition

against sale

of articles

of food and

drugs not of the nature,

substance or

quality

demanded.

234

Ch. 31.

Provision as

to sale of

compounds.

Protection

from liability where

article

properly

labelled.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

drug because it is required for the production or

preparation thereof as_an article of commerce

in a state fit for carriage or consumption, and

not fraudulently to increase the bulk, weight,

or measure of the article of food or drug, or to

conceal the inferior quality thereof;

• (b) where the food or drug is the subject of a

patent in force, and is supplied in the state

required by the specification of the patent, or

is a proprietary medicine;

(c) where the food or drug is unavoidably mixed

with some extraneous matter in the process

of collection or preparation;

(d) where the article being whisky, brandy, rum

or gin, is not adulterated otherwise than by

the admixture of water, and it is proved that

such admixture has not reduced the spirit more

than thirty-five degrees under proof.

(3) In any prosecution under this section it shall

be no defence to allege that the purchaser, having bought

only for analysis, is not prejudiced.

(4) Where any regulations made under the Public

Health (Regulations as to Food) Act, 1907 (as amended

by any subsequent enactment), and the enactments

mentioned in that Act, prescribe the composition of any article of food intended for sale, or prohibit or restrict the addition of any preservative or other ingredient or material to any such article, the purchaser of such article shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed for the purposes of this section to have demanded an article complying with the provisions of the regulations as regards the presence or amount of any constituent ingredient or material specified in the regulations.

3. If any person sells any compound article of

food, or any compounded drug, which is not composed

of ingredients in accordance with the demand of the

purchaser, he shall be guilty of an offence.

4. —(1) No person shall be guilty of any such offence

as aforesaid in respect of the sale of an article of food

or a drug mixed with any ingredient or material not

injurious to health, and not intended fraudulently to

increase its bulk, weight, or measure, or to conceal its

inferior quality, if at the time of delivering the article

1928.

Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

235

of food or drug he supplies to the person receiving it a

notice, by a label distinctly and legibly written or

printed on or with the article or drug, to the effect that

it is mixed.

(2) For the purposes of this section, a label shall

.not be deemed to be distinctly and legibly written or

printed if the notice of mixture given by the labeL is

obscured by other matter on the label: but nothing in this

subsection shall hinder or affect the use of any registered

trade mark, or of any label which had been continuously

in use for at least seven years before the first day of

January nineteen hundred.

(3) The Comptroller-General of Patents, Designs

° and Tirade Marks shall not register any trade mark

purporting to describe a mixture unless it complies

with the requirements of this section.

a

5. If any person abstracts from any article of Offences in

food any part of it so as to affect injuriously its nature, relation to

substance or quality, with the intent that it may be ^fronT 0

sold in its altered state without notice, or if any person art icies of

sells any article so altered without making disclosure food of parts

of the alteration, he shall be guilty of an offence. thereof.

Part II.

Provisions with respect to Special Articles.

6.—(1) Margarine, margarine-cheese and milk-

blended butter, whenever sold or forwarded by any

public conveyance shall be sold or consigned as margarine

or margarine-cheese, or in the case of milk-blended

butter under such name or names as may be approved

by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(2) It shall not be lawful to manufacture, sell or

expose for sale any margarine the fat of which contains

more than ten per cent, of fat derived from milk.

Conditions

to be observed in

dealings in

margarine,

margarine-

cheese, and

milk-

blended

butter.

(3) Every person dealing in margarine, whether

wholesale or retail, and whether as manufacturer,

importer, consignor, consignee, commission agent or

otherwise, shall conform to such of the following

regulations as may be applicable :—

(a) Every package containing margarine, whether

open or closed, shall have the word "Margarine "

236

Ch. 31.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

branded or durably marked on the top, bottom,

and sides thereof, in printed capital letters not

less than three-quarters of an inch square, the

brand or mark being on the package itself

and. not solely on a label ticket or other thing

attached thereto;

(b) There shall be attached to every parcel of

margarine exposed for sale by retail, in such

manner as to be clearly visible to the purchaser,

a label marked " Margarine " in printed capital

letters not less than one and a half inches

square;

(c) Margarine when sold by retail, save in a package

duly branded or durably marked as aforesaid,

shall in every case be delivered to the purchaser

in a paper wrapper, and the word "Margarine "

shall be printed on the outside of such wrapper,

(or, if more wrappers than one are used, on the

outside of the outer wrapper) in capital block

letters not less than half an inch long and

distinctly legible, and no other printed matter

(except a statement of the weight in pursuance

of any statutory requirement) shall appear on

the outside of the wrapper, or, if there are more

wrappers than one, of the outer wrapper;

(d) Margarine shall not be described in any

wrapper enclosing it, or on any package containing it, or on any label attached to a

parcel thereof, or in any advertisement or

invoice thereof, by any name other than either

" Margarine " or a name combining the word

" Margarine " with a fancy or other descriptive

name approved by the Minister of Agriculture

and Fisheries, and printed in type not larger

than, and in the same colour "as, the word

" Margarine."

(4) The requirements of paragraphs (a ), (6) and (c)

of subsection (3) of this section shall apply to margarine-

cheese and to persons dealing therein with the substitution of " Margarine-cheese " for " Margarine ":

Provided that, where margarine-cheese is sold or

dealt in otherwise than by retail, it shall be sufficient

compliance with those requirements if it is itself conspicuously branded with the words "margarine-cheese."

1928. Food and Drugs Ch. 31. 237

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

(5) The requirements of paragraphs (a), (6) and (c)

of subsection (3) of this section shall apply to milk-

blended butter and to persons dealing therein with the

substitution of a name approved by the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries for the word "margarine, "

save that there shall, in addition to the approved name,

be printed on the outside of the wrapper referred to, . in

paragraph (c), in such manner as the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may approve, such description of the article setting out the percentage of moisture or

water contained therein as may be approved by the Minister.

(6) Any substances purporting to be butter or

cheese which are exposed for sale and not marked in

the manner in which margarine, margarine-cheese or

milk-blended butter is required to be marked under

this Act shall be presumed to be exposed for sals as

butter or cheese as the case may be.

(7) Any person who contravenes any of the provisions of this section shall be guilty of an offence.

7. — (1) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries Power to

may, after such inquiry as he deems necessary, make make regu-

regulations for determining what deficiency in any

of the normal constituents of genuine milk, cream, of mnir

butter, or cheese, or what addition of extraneous butter/

matter or proportion of water, in any sample of milk cheese, &c.

(including condensed milk), cream, butter, or cheese,

or what proportion of any milk-solid other than fat

in any sample of butter or milk-blended butter, shall

for the purposes of this Act raise a presumption, until

the contrary is proved, that, the milk, cream, butter,

cheese or milk-blended butter is not genuine or is

injurious to health, and an analyst shall have regard

to such regulations in certifying the result of an

analysis under this Act.

(2) The Minister of Health may, after such inquiry

as he deems necessary, make regulations for prohibiting

the use as a preservative of any substance specified

in such regulations in the manufacture or preparation

for sale of butter, margarine, or milk-blended butter,

or for limiting the extent to which, either generally

or as regards any particular substance or substances,

238

Ch. 31.

Registration

of factories

and wholesale premises.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

preservatives may be used in the manufacture or

preparation for sale of butter, margarine, or milk-

blended butter.

(3) Any regulations made under this section shall

be notified in the London Gazette, and shall also be

made known in such other manner as the Minister

making the regulations may direct.

(4) Any person who manufactures, sells, or exposes

or offers for sale, or has in his possession for the purpose

of sale, any butter, margarine, or milk-blended butter

which contains a preservative prohibited by a regulation

under this section, or an amount of a preservative in

excess of the limit allowed by any such regulation,

shall be guilty of an offence.

8.—(1) All premises to which this section applies;

that is to say—

(a) factories of margarine, margarine-cheese, or

milk-blended butter;

(b) premises where the business of a wholesale

dealer in margarine, margarine-cheese, or milk-

blended butter is carried on;

(c) butter factories, that is to say, premises on

which by way of trade butter is blended, reworked, or subjected to any other treatment,

but not so as to cease to be butter;

shall be registered by the owner or occupier thereof

with the Food and Drugs Authority, in such manner as

the Minister of Health may direct; and any owner or

occupier who carries on such manufacture, business

or trade as aforesaid in premises not duly registered

shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Registration of premises under this section shall

be forthwith notified by the Food and Drugs Authority

to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(3) Premises shall not be used as a butter factory if

they form part of, or communicate otherwise than by a

public street or road with, any other premises which are

required to be registered under paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of this section; and if any

1928.

Food and Drugs

(. Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

239

premises are so used, the occupier thereof shall he guilty

of an offence, and the Food and Drugs Authority shall

remove from the register of butter factories kept by them

any premises used as a butter factory contrary to the

provisions of this subsection.

9. —(1) Every occupier of a factory of margarine,

margarine-cheese, or milk-blended butter, and every

wholesale dealer in any such substance, shall keep a

register showing the quantity and destination of each

consignment of margarine, margarine-cheese, or milk-

blended butter, as the case may be, sent out from his

factory or place of business, and the register shall be

O open to the inspection of any officer of the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries.

(2) If any such occupier or dealer—

(a) fails to keep such a register; or

(b) refuses to produce the register when required

to do so by an officer of the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries; or

(c) fails to keep the register posted up to date;

or

(d) wilfully makes any entry in the register which

is false in any particular; or

(e) fraudulently omits to enter any particular

which ought to be entered in the register;

he shall be guilty of an offence and liable for the first

offence to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and for any

subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

10 . If any substance intended to be used for the

adulteration of butter is found in any butter factory,

the occupier of the factory shall be guilty of an offence,

and if any oil or fat capable of being so used is found it

shall be deemed to be intended to be so used, unless the

contrary is proved.

11. —(1) If any butter which, when prepared for

sale or consignment, contains more then sixteen per cent,

of water is in any butter factory, or if any margarine

which, when prepared for sale or consignment, contains

more than sixteen per cent, of water is in any margarine

Registration

of consignment?.

Prohibition

of adulterants in

butter

factories.

Limit of

moisture in

butter, &o.

240

Ch. 31.

Restrictions

on the importation of

agricultural

and other

produce.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act> 1928.

factory, or if any such, butter or margarine is consigned

from a butter factory or margarine factory, the occupier

of the factory or consignor, as the case may be, shall

(whether the excess of moisture is due to adulteration

or not) be guilty of an offence unless he proves to the

satisfaction of the court that the butter or margarine

w t as not made, blended, reworked, or treated in the

factory.

(2) Any person who manufactures, sells, or exposes

or offers for sale, or has in his possession for the purpose

of sale, any milk-blended butter which contains more than

twenty-four per cent, of water, shall be guilty of an

offence.

12.—(1) If there is imported into the United

Kingdom any of the following articles, namely:—

(a) margarine or margarine-cheese, except in packages conspicuously marked " Margarine " or

" Margarine-cheese, " as the case may require;

(b) adulterated or impoverished milk or cream *

except in packages or cans conspicuously marked

with a name or description indicating that the

milk or cream has been so treated;

(c) condensed separated or skimmed milk, except

in tins or other receptacles which bear a label

whereon the words "Machine-skimmed Milk "

or •" Skimmed Milk, " as the case may require,

are printed in large and legible type;

(d) any adulterated or impoverished article of food

to which His Majesty may by Order in

Council direct that this section shall be applied,

unless the same be imported in packages or

receptacles conspicuously marked with a name

or description indicating that the article has

been so treated;

(e) butter containing more than sixteen per cent, of

water;

(f) margarine containing more than sixteen per

cent, of water, or more than ten per cent, of

fat derived from milk;

(g) milk-blended butter containing more than

twenty-four per cent, of water;

1928.

Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

241

(h) milk-blended butter, except in packages conspicuously marked with such name as may be

approved by the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries for the’ purpose;

(j) butter, margarine, or milk-blended butter which

contains a preservative prohibited by any

regulation made under this Act, or an amour/t

of a preservative in excess of the limit allowed

by any such regulation;

the importer shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Prosecutions for offences under this section shall

be undertaken by the Commissioners of Customs and

Excise, and, subject to the provisions of this Act, this

section shall have effect as if it were part of the Customs

(Consolidation) Act, 1876.

(3) If in any case the Commissioners of Customs

and Excise are of opinion that an offence against this

section has been committed, they shall communicate to

the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries for his information the name of the importer and such other facts as

they possess or may obtain as to the destination of the

consignment.

(4) For the purposes of this section, an article of

food shall be deemed to be adulterated or impoverished

if it has been mixed with any other substance, or if

any part of it has been abstracted, so as in either

case to affect injuriously its nature, substance, or

quality:

Provided that an article of food shall not be deemed

to be adulterated by reason only of the addition of any

preservative or colouring matter of such a nature and

in such quantity as not to render the article injurious

to health.

Part III.

Administration.

13 . The local authorities for the purposes of the

execution of this Act (in this Act referred to as the

Food and Drugs Authorities) are—

(1) as respects the city of London, the common

council;

Q

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 36.

Food and

Drugs

Authorities.

242

Ch. 31.

Duty of

authorities to

enforce Act.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(, Adulteration) Act, 1928.

(2) as respects any other part of the administrative

county of London, the metropolitan borough

council;

(3) as respects a county borough, or a borough

having a separate police establishment, or a

borough which had according to the census

of 1881 a population of not less than ten

thousand, and which had on the thirteenth

day of August, eighteen hundred and eighty-

eight, and for the time being has, a separate

court of quarter sessions, the council of the

borough;

(4) as respects any other area, the county council.

14.—(1) It shall be the duty of every Food and

Drags Authority to put in force from time to time, as

occasion may arise, the powers with which they are

invested, so as to provide proper securities for the sale

of food and drugs in a pure and genuine condition, and

in particular to direct their officers" 1 to procure samples

for analysis.

(2) 'If the Minister of Health or Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries after communication with the

Food and Drugs Authority is of opinion that the

authority have failed to execute or enforce any of the

provisions of this Act in relation to any article of food,

and that their failure affects the general interests of the

consumer or the general interests of agriculture in the

United Kingdom, as the case may be, the Minister

concerned may, by order, empower an officer to execute

and enforce those provisions or to procure the execution

and enforcement thereof in relation to any article of food

mentioned in the order.

(3) The' expenses incurred by either such Minister

or his officer under any such order shall be paid by the

Food and Drugs Authority to such Minister on demand,

and in default such Minister may recover the amount of the expenses with costs from the authority, and the

amount so paid or recovered shall be treated as expenses

incurred by the authority under this Act.

(4) For the purposes of this section, an order of the Minister concerned shall be conclusive in respect of any

1928. Food and Drugs Ch. 31. 243

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

default, amount of expenses, or other matter therein •

stated or appearing.

15 . —(1) It shall be the duty of every Food and Appoint-

Drugs Authority to appoint one or more persons as menfc of

analysts of articles of food and drugs within their area (in analyst8,

this Act referred to as public analysts), and the authority

may remove any such person.

(2) Every such appointment and removal shall at

all times be subject to the approval of the Minister of

Health who may give his approval absolutely or with

modifications as to the period of the appointment,

removal, or otherwise.

(3) Every person so appointed shall be a person

possessing competent knowledge, skill and experience,

and shall furnish such proof of competency as may |rom

time to time be required by regulation framed by the Minister of Health; and no person shall be appointed

as public analyst for any place who is engaged directly

or indirectly in any trade or business connected with the

sale of food or drugs in that place.

(4) The Food and Drugs Authority shall pay to

every public analyst appointed by them such remuneration as may be mutually agreed upon.

(5) The council of any borough, being a Food and

Drugs Authority, may agree that the public analyst

(appointed by any neighbouring borough or for the

comity in which the borough is situated, shall act for

their borough during such time as the council may think

proper, and the council shall make due provision for

the payment of his remuneration, and if such analyst

consents, he shall during such time as aforesaid be the

public analyst for the borough.

16 . —(1) Any medical officer of health, sanitary Power of

inspector, inspector of weights and measures, inspector sampling,

of a market, or police constable, acting under the direction

and at the cost of the local authority appointing him or

charged with the execution of this Act may purchase

any sample of any food or drug, and any such officer,

inspector, or constable acting as aforesaid is in this Act

referred to as a " sampling officer."

(2) A sampling officer may take at the place of

delivery any sample of any food in course of delivery

244 Ch. 31. Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

to the purchaser or consignee in pursuance of any contract

for the sale thereof to the purchaser or consignee:

Provided that no sample of food other than milk

shall be taken under this subsection except upon the

request or with the consent of the purchaser or consignee.

v' (3) A sampling officer may, without going through

the form of purchase, take for the purposes of analysis,

samples of any butter or cheese or substances purporting to be butter or cheese which are exposed for

sale and are not marked in the manner in which

margarine, margarine-cheese or milk-blended butter is

required to be marked under this Act.

(4) Any officer of Customs and Excise and any

sampling officer (except an inspector of a market and

in London an inspector of weights and measures), if he

has reason to believe that any package forwarded by any

public conveyance contains margarine, margarine-cheese

or milk-blended butter which is not consigned in accordance with the provisions of this Act , jmay examine and

take samples from that package, and ascertain, if

necessary by submitting the same to be analysed,

whether an offence under this Act has been committed.

(5) If any sampling officer applies to purchase

any article of food or any drug exposed for sale or on

sale by retail on any premises (including any street

or open space of public resort), and tenders the price

for the quantity which he requires for the purpose

of analysis not being more than is reasonably requisite,

and the person exposing the article or drug for sale, or

having it for sale on the premises, refuses to sell to the

officer such quantity thereof as aforesaid, or if the seller

or consignor or any person entrusted by him for the time

being with the charge of any article of food of which a

sampling officer is empowered to take a sample in course

of delivery refuses to allow the officer to take the

quantity which he requires for the purpose of analysis,

the person so refusing shall be guilty of an offence and

liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds:

Provided that, where any article of food or drug

is exposed for sale in an unopened tin or package

duly labelled, no person shall be required to sell it

except in the unopened tin or package in which it is

contained.

1928.

Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

245

17. —(1) Where a sampling officer procures a sample Right to

of food or of a drug, he shall, if he suspects the sample have

or the article from which the sample is taken to have analysed

been sold contrary to any provision of this Act, or y

that the provisions of this Act have otherwise been

infringed with respect to that article, submit it to be

analysed by the public analyst of the place for winch

he acts.

(2) Any purchaser of an article of food or of a

drug shall be entitled to submit it to be analysed by the

public analyst of the place in which the purchase was

made.

(3) The public analyst shall, upon payment to him

of a sum not exceeding ten shillings and sixpence, as

soon as practicable analyse any sample sent to him in

pursuance of this Act, and shall give to the person

by whom the sample is sent a certificate specifying

the result of the analysis in the form set forth in

the First Schedule to this Act, or a form to the like

effect.

(4) Where there is no public analyst for the place

for which the sampling officer acted or in which the

purchase was made, the sample shall be submitted

to and be analysed by the public analyst for some other

place; but in such a case the sum payable shall be

such sum as may be agreed.

18 . —(1) The person purchasing a sample of any Division of

article with the intention of submitting it to analysis and dealings

shall, after the purchase has been completed, forthwith With .

notify to the seller or his agent who sold the sample sampes-

his intention to have it analysed by the public analyst,

and shall then and there divide the sample into three

parts, each part to be marked and sealed or fastened up

in such manner as its nature will permit, and shall—

(a) if required to do so deliver one part to the

seller or his agent;

(b) retain one part for future comparison;

(c) if he thinks fit to have an analysis made

submit one part to the analyst.

(2) In the case of a sample taken of milk in course

of delivery, or of margarine, margarine-cheese or milk-

blended butter forwarded by a public conveyance.

246

Power of

Ministers

to have

articles

analysed.

Powers of

Commissioners of

Customs

and Excise

to have

.Ch. 31. Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

the person taking the sample shall, if the name and

address of the consignor appear -on the can or package

containing the article sampled, forward to him by

registered parcel or otherwise a portion of the sample

marked, and sealed, or fastened up.

(3) If the analyst does not reside within two

miles of the residence of the person requiring the

article to be analysed, the part submitted for analysis

may be forwarded to the analyst by registered parcel,

and the charge for the postage of such article shall be

deemed one of the charges of this Act or of the prosecution, as the case may be.

19. —(1) The Minister of Health may, in relation

to any matter appearing to him to affect the general

interests of the consumer, and the Minister of Agriculture

and-Fisheries may, in relation to any matter appearing

to him to affect the general interests of agriculture

in the United Kingdom, direct an officer to procure

for analysis samples of any article of food, and thereupon the officer shall have all the powers of a sampling '

officer under this Act, and this Act shall apply as if the

officer were a sampling officer except that—

(a) the officer procuring the sample shall divide

it into four parts, and shall deal with three

of such parts in the manner directed by the

last foregoing section, and shall send the fourth

• part to the Minister, and

(b) any fee for analysis shall be payable to the

analyst by the Food and Drugs Authority

of the place where the sample is procured.

(2) The Minister shall communicate the result of the analysis of any such sample to the Food and Drugs

Authority, and thereupon there shall be the like duty

and power on the part of the authority to cause

proceedings to be taken as if the authority had caused

the analysis to be made.

20. —(1) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise

shall, in accordance with directions given by the

Treasury after consultation with the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, take such samples of consignments

.of imported articles of food as may be necessary for the

1928.

Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

247

enforcement of the provisions of this Act imposing imported

restrictions on the importation of such articles. articles

(2) Where the Commissioners take a sample of any flam P led ’

consignment in pursuance of such directions, they shall

divide it into not less than three parts, and send one

part to the importer and one part to the Government

"Chemist and retain one part.

(3) Where a sample taken under this section is

certified by the Government Chemist to he margarine

or milk-blended butter, the Commissioners of Customs

and Excise shall upon receiving the certificate forthwith

notify the importer thereof.

21. —(1) The provisions of this Act relating to Special pro-

the taking of samples, and proceedings in connection visions as to

therewith, shall, in relation to milk, have effect subject ^Jjjphng of

to the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) So much of any contract as requires a purveyor

of milk, on a sample of his milk being taken under this Act or any enactment repealed by this Act, to send to

the person from whom he procured the milk any part of

such sample, or to give that person notice that a sample

has been so taken, shall be void.

(3) For the purpose of this section and the said

Schedule the expression "purveyor of milk" includes a

seller of milk whether wholesale or by retail.

22. —(1) Any officer of the Minister of Agriculture Inspection

and Fisheries or of the Minister of Health shall have ot factories,

power to enter at all reasonable times any premises

registered under this Act, and to inspect any process of

manufacture, blending, reworking, or treatment used

therein, and to take samples for analysis of any butter,

margarine, margarine-cheese, or milk-blended butter, or

of any article capable of being used in the manufacture,

treatment, or adulteration of any such article as aforesaid.

(2) Any sampling officer of a Food and Drugs

Authority shall, if specially authorised in that behalf

by the authority, have the like powers of entry, inspection, and sampling as regards any premises registered

"with the authority as a butter factory.

248

Ch. 31.

Approval of

names for

use in connection with

margarine

and milk-

blended

butter.

Obstruction

of officers in

discharge of

duties.

Quarterly

reports by

analysts.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(. Adulteration) Act, 1928.

(3) If the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries has

reason to believe—

(a) that on any unregistered premises there is

carried on any process of manufacture, blending,

reworking, or treatment or any wholesale dealing

which under this Act cannot be carried on

except on registered premises; or

(b) that on any premises butter is by way of trade

either made or stored, and that for the purposes

of this Act inspection is desirable;

the Minister may specially authorise any of his officers

to enter the premises, and in that case the officer shall

have the like powers of entry, inspection, and sampling

as if the premises were registered.

(4) Where under this section a special authority is

required, an officer of a Minister or of a Food and Drugs

Authority shall not be entitled to exercise any of his

powers under this section unless, if so requested by or

on behalf of the occupier of the premises to be entered,

he produces his authority.

23. The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may

approve a name or names for use in connection with

margarine, or under which milk-blended butter may be

imported or dealt with, but the Minister shall not approve

any name for any such purpose if it refers to or is

suggestive of butter or anything connected with the

dairy interest.

24. Any person who wilfully obstructs or impedes

any inspector or other officer in the course of his duties,

or by any gratuity, bribe, promise, or other inducement

prevents, or attempts to prevent, the due execution by

the inspector or officer of his duty under this Act,

shall be guilty of an offence.

25. Every public analyst shall report quarterly

to the authority appointing him the number of articles

analysed by him under this Act during the foregoing

quarter, and shall specify the result of each analysis •

and the sum paid to him in respect thereof, and the

report shall be presented at the next meeting of the

authority appointing the analyst, and every such

authority shall annually transmit to the Minister of

1928.

Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

249

Health at such time and in such form as the Minister

may direct, a certified copy of the quarterly report.

26. The expenses of the Food and Drugs Authority

under this Act shall be defrayed—

(a) in the case of the Common Council of the City

of London and a metropolitan borough, out

of the general rate;

(6) in the case of the council of a borough, out

of the borough fund or borough rate;

(c) in the case of a county council, out of the

county fund as expenses for general county

purposes:

Provided that—

(i) if the county includes any borough

having a separate court of quarter sessions

the council whereof is a Food and Drugs

Authority, the expenses shall be treated

as expenses for special county purposes

from contribution to which the borough

shall be exempt;

(ii)’if the county includes a borough

having a separate police establishment

but not having a separate court of quarter

sessions, the council whereof is a Food and

Drugs Authority, the council of the borough

may retain any sums levied by the council

as rating authority in pursuance of a

precept issued by the council of the county

so far as the precept relates to the raising

of money for the purposes of this Act.

Part IV.

Legal Proceedings.

27.—(1) Save as otherwise expressly provided, all

offences under this Act shall be prosecuted, and all fines

recoverable in accordance with the Summary Jurisdiction

Acts:

Provided that, where a sample has been purchased

for test purposes, any prosecution under this Act in

Expenses of

Food and

Drugs

Authorities.

Prosecutions and

ponalties for

offences.

250

Ch. 31.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

respect of the sale thereof shall not be instituted after

the expiration of twenty-eight days from the time of the purchase.

(2) Where an analyst having analysed any article has

given his certificate of the result from which it appears that

an offence under this Act has been committed, the person

causing the analysis to be made may take proceedings

under this Act before a petty sessional court having

jurisdiction in the place where the article of food or drug

sold was actually delivered to the purchaser or the sample

was taken.

(3) A person found guilty of an offence for which

• no special penalty is imposed by this Act shall be .

liable on conviction—

(a) in the case of a first offence, to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds; and

(b) in the case of a second offence, to a fine not

exceeding fifty pounds; and

(c) in the case of a subsequent offence, to a fine

not exceeding one hundred pounds; or if, in

the opinion of the court, the offence was committed by the personal act, default, or culpable

negligence of the person accused, and the court

is of opinion that a fine will not meet the

circumstances of the case, to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding three months:

Provided that, where the offence is the importation

in contravention of the provisions of this Act of butter,

margarine, margarine-cheese or milk-blended butter, the

maximum fine shall be either that above mentioned or

at the election of the Commissioners of Customs and

Excise a sum equal to the value of the goods imported

bearing the same mark or description, to be estimated

and taken according to the rate and price for which

goods of the like kind but of the best quality were sold

at or about the time of the importation.

(4) In determining whether, for the purposes of this

section, an offence is to be treated as a second or subsequent offence, the rules set out in the Third Schedule

to this Act shall be observed.

1928.

Food and Drugs

(. Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

251

(5) In any prosecution under this Act the summons

shall state the particulars of the offence or offences

alleged, and also the name of the prosecutor, and shall

not be made returnable in less than fourteen days from

the day on which it is served.

, (6) Where an employer is charged with an offence

under Part II. of this Act, he shall be entitled, upon

information duly laid by him, to have any other

person whom he charges as the actual offender brought

before the court at the time appointed for hearing the

charge, and if, after the commission of the offence has

been proved, the employer proves to the satisfaction of the court that he had used due diligence to enforce the

execution of Part II. of this Act, and that the said other

person had committed the offence in question without

his knowledge, consent or connivance, the said other

person shall be summarily convicted of the offence, and

the employer shall be exempt from any penalty.

28.—(1) Where a certificate of analysis has been

obtained on behalf of a prosecutor, a copy thereof shall

be served with the summons.

(2) Where a copy of a certificate of a public analyst

is intended to be produced by a defendant, a copy

thereof shall be sent to the prosecutor at least three clear

days before the return day, and if it is not so sent, the

court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing on such

terms as may seem proper.

(3) In any proceedings for an offence under the

foregoing provisions of this Act, the production by one

of the parties of a certificate of a public analyst in the

form prescribed by this Act shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein unless the other party requires

that the analyst shall be called as a witness.

(4) In any proceedings under this Act the part of the sample retained by the person who procured it shall

be produced at the hearing.

(5) In any proceedings for an offence under the

provisions of this Act restricting the importation of

articles of food, the certificate of the Government Chemist

of the result of the analysis shall be sufficient evidence

of the facts therein stated unless the defendant requires

Service and

evidence of

certificates

of analysis.

252

Ch. 31.

Conditions

under which

warranty

may be

pleaded as

defence.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

that the person who made the analysis shall be called

as a witness.

(6) In any proceedings for any such offence, the

certificate of the Government Chemist, or if the person

who made the analysis is called as a witness, the

evidence of that person, that an imported substance is

margarine or milk-blended butter shall raise a presumption until the contrary is proved that the substance

is margarine or milk-blended butter, and the defendant

shall not be entitled to require the person who made the

analysis to be called as a witness unless three clear days

before the return day he gives notice to the prosecutor

that he requires his attendance and deposits with the

prosecutor a sum sufficient to cover the reasonable costs

and expenses of his attendance, which cbsts and expenses

shall be paid by the defendant in the event of his

conviction.

29.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

a defendant shall be discharged from the prosecution

if he proves to the satisfaction of the court—

(a) in the case of a prosecution under Part II. of this Act for dealing with, selling, exposing or

offering for sale or having in his possession

for sale margarine, margarine-cheese, or milk-

blended butter, that he had purchased the

article in question as butter or cheese, as the

case may be, and with a written warranty or

invoice to that effect, and that he had no reason

to believe at the time of the commission of the

alleged offence that the article was other than

butter or cheese and that, at that time the

article was in the same state as when he

purchased it; and

(b) in the case of any other prosecution under

this Act in respect of the sale of an article,

that he had purchased the article in question

as the same in nature, substance and quality as

that demanded of him by the person to whom

he sold the article, and with a written warranty

to that effect, and that he had no reason to

believe at the time he sold it that it was

otherwise; and that he sold the article in the

same state as when he purchased it.

1928. Food and Drugs Ch. 31. 253

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

(2) A warranty or invoice shall only be a defence

to proceedings under this Act if—

(a) the defendant has within seven days of the

service of the summons sent to the prosecutor

a copy of the warranty or invoice with a

written notice stating that he intends to rely

on it and specifying the name and address

of the person from whom he received it and

has also sent a like notice of his intention to

that person; and

(b) in the case of a warranty or invoice given by

a person resident outside the United Kingdom

the defendant proves that he had taken reasonable steps to ascertain, and did in fact believe

in, the accuracy of the statement contained

therein; and

(c) in the case of a prosecution in England or

Wales in respect of a sample of milk, the

defendant has within sixty hours after the

sample was procured served such a notice as

is prescribed in paragraph (2) of the Second

Schedule to this Act.

(3) The person by whom the warranty or invoice

is alleged to have been given shall be entitled to appear

at the hearing and to give evidence, and the court

may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing to enable

him to do so.

(4) Where the defendant is a servant of the person

who purchased the article under a warranty or invoice,

he shall be entitled to rely on the provisions of this

section in the same way as his employer would have

been entitled to do if he had been the defendant,

provided that the servant further proves that he had

no reason to believe that the article was otherwise than

that demanded by the prosecutor.

30 .—(1)Every person who wilfully applies to an False

article of food, or drug, in any proceedings under this warranties

Act, a certificate or warranty given in relation to any and certifi -

other article of food or drug, or who wilfully gives a cates -

label with any article of food or drug sold by him which

falsely describes the article sold, shall be guilty of an

offence.

254

Ch. 31.

Power of

court to

require

analysis by

Government

Chemist.

Application

of fines.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

(2) Every person who, in respect of an article of food

or drug sold by him as principal or agent, gives to the

purchaser a false warranty in writing, shall be guilty

of an offence, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that when he gave the warranty he had reason

to believe that the statements or descriptions contained

therein were true.

(3) Where the defendant in a prosecution under

this Act has been discharged under the provisions of this Act relating to warranties, any proceedings under

this section for giving the warranty relied on by the

defendant in the prosecution, may be taken as well

before a court having jurisdiction in the place where the

article of food or drug to which the warranty relates

was purchased for analysis as before a court having

jurisdiction in the place where the warranty was given.

31. The court before which any proceedings are

taken, or an appeal heard, under this Act may, if it

thinks fit and shall upon the request of either party, ’

cause any article of food or drug to be sent to the

Government Chemist who shall make an analysis, and

give a certificate of the result of the analysis; and the

expense of such analysis shall be paid by the prosecutor

or the defendant as the court may by order direct.

32. Any fine recovered under this Act—

(a) in the case of a prosecution by a sampling

officer of the Food and Drugs Authority, shall

be paid to that officer, to be accounted for

by him to the authority and applied towards

the expenses of the authority under this Act;

(b) in the case of any other prosecution, shall be

paid and applied in accordance with the

law regulating the application of fines for

offences punishable summarily:

Provided that any part of a fine recovered in

respect of an offence under Part II. of this Act may, if

the court so directs, be paid to the prosecutor to

reimburse him for the costs of obtaining the analysis

and any other reasonable expenses to which the court

considers him entitled.

1928. Food and Drugs Ch. 31. 255

(. Adulteration) Act, 1928.

33. Nothing in this Act, save as otherwise expressly Saving for

provided, shall affect any contract or any rights or contracts,

remedies belonging to the parties thereto:

Provided that in any action brought by any person

for a breach of contract on the sale of any article of food

or of any drug, he may recover either alone or in addition

to any damages recoverable by him the amount of any

fi ne to which he may have been sentenced in respect of the transaction, together with any costs incurred by him

in or about his defence, if he proves that the article of

food or drug the subject of the transaction was sold to

him as and for an article of food or drug of the same

nature, substance, and quality as that demanded from

him, and that he purchased it not knowing it to be

otherwise and afterwards sold it in the same state in

which he purchased it, so, however, that the defendant

in the action shall be at liberty to prove that the conviction was wrongful or that the amount of costs incurred

was unreasonable.

Part V.

Miscellaneous.

34. In this Act, unless the context otherwise Definitions,

requires—

The expression "food " includes every article used

for food or drink by man, other than drugs or

water, and any article which ordinarily enters

into or is used in the composition or preparation

of human food, and also includes flavouring

matters and condiments:

The expression "drug " includes medicine for internal

or external use:

The expression "butter" means the substance

usually known as butter, made exclusively from

milk or cream, or both, with .or without salt or

other preservative, and with or without the

addition of colouring matter:

The expression "cheese" means the substance

usually known as cheese, containing no fat derived

otherwise than from milk:

256

Ch. 31.

Food'and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

The expression "margarine" means any article of

food, whether mixed with butter or not, which

resembles butter and is not milk-blended butter:

The expression "margarine-cheese" means any

substance, whether compound or otherwise, which

is prepared in imitation of cheese, and which

contains fat not derived from milk:

The expression "milk-blended butter" means any

mixture produced by mixing or blending butter

with milk or cream other than condensed milk or

cream:

The expression "importer" includes any person who,

whether as owner, consignor or consignee, agent or

broker, is in possession of, or in anywise entitled

to the custody or control of, the article.

Application 35. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the

to Scotland, following modifications:—

(a) The expression "defendant shall mean defender " and include " respondent ":

(&) The expression "information" shall mean

" complaint ":

(c) References to the Minister of Health shall be

construed as references to the Scottish Board

of Health; and references to the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries shall be construed as

references to the Board of Agriculture for

Scotland:

(d) " Borough " shall mean a burgh:

(e) The reference to the London Gazette shall be

construed as a reference to the Edinburgh

Gazette:

(f) The following section shall be substituted for

section thirteen:—

The local authorities for the purposes of the

execution of this Act (in this Act referred to

as the Food and Drugs Authorities) are, as

respects a burgh, the town council thereof, and

as respects any other area, the county council:

1928.

. Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act y 1928.

Ch. 31.

257

(g) Section twenty-one (relating to the sampling

of milk) shall not apply, and in lieu thereof the

following provisions shall have effect:—

(1) Every person who, himself or by his

servant, in any highway or place of public

resort sells milk or cream from a vehicle or

from a can or other receptacle shall have

conspicuously inscribed on the vehicle *or

receptacle his name and address, and in

default shall be guilty of an offence and

liable to a fine not exceeding two pounds:

(2) Every tin or other receptacle containing

condensed, separated or skimmed milk must

bear a label, clearly visible to the purchaser,

on which the words "machine-skimmed

" milk " or " skimmed milk, " as the case

may require, are printed in large and legible

type; and if any person sells or exposed or

offers for sale condensed, separated or

skimmed milk in contravention of this provision, he shall be guilty of an offence and

liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds:

(h) The following section shall be substituted for

section twenty-six:—

The expenses of the Food and Drugs Authorities under this Act shall be defrayed in

burghs out of the police assessment, and in

counties out of the county general assessment:

(t) Notwithstanding anything in section twenty-nine,

where proceedings are taken under this Act in

respect of milk, cream, skimmed milk, separated

milk or butter-milk, a warranty or invoice shall

not be available as a defence:

(j) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) (b) of

section one and of section twelve, offences under

this Act may be prosecuted either—

(i) in the sheriff court or in any court in

which a stipendiary magistrate sits as judge

at the instance of the procurator fiscal, or of the person who caused the analysis to be

R

258

Ch. 31.

Application

to Northern

Ireland.

Repeal*.

Short title

and commencement.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

made from which it appeared that an offence

had been committed; _or

(ii) in a burgh or police court at the

instance oOhe burgh prosecutor:

(k) The following subsection shall be substituted for

section thirty-two:—

Every fine recovered under this Act shall

be paid to the clerk of the court, to be

accounted for by him to the treasurer of the county general assessment or the police

assessment of the burgh as the court may

direct:

36. —(1) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate

to the importation of articles of food and to proceedings

for offences in relation thereto, shall apply to Northern

Ireland subject to the following modification, that is to

say, references to the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries shall be construed as references to the Ministry

of Agriculture for Northern Ireland.

(2) Save as aforesaid, this Act shall not extend to

Northern Ireland.

37. The enactments mentioned in the Fourth

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect any

regulation, registration, appointment, sample, analysis,

direction, order, certificate or approval made, effected,

taken or given under any of the enactments hereby

repealed, but every such regulation, registration, appointment, sample, analysis, direction, order, certificate

or approval shall have effeot as if made, effected, taken

or given under this Act.

38. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Food and

Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 1928.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

1928.

, Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

259

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Certificate of Public Analyst.

To *

I, the undersigned, public analyst for the

do hereby certify that I received on the day of

19, fromf, a sample of

for analysis (which then weighed^ ), and have

analysed it, and declare the result of my analysis to be as

follows:—

I am of opinion that it is a sample of genuine

or,

I am of opinion that the said sample contained the parts as

under, or the percentages of foreign ingredients as under.

Observations§

As witness my hand this

A.B.

at

day of

* Here insert the name of the person submitting the article for

analysis.

t Here insert the name of the person delivering the sample.

j When the article cannot be conveniently weighed, this passage

may be erased, or the blank may be left unfilled.

§ Here the analyst may insert at his discretion his opinion as to

whether the mixture (if any) was for the purpose of rendering the article

portable or palatable, or of preserving it, or of improving the appearance,

or was unavoidable, and may state whether in excess of what is ordinary,

or otherwise, and whether the ingredients or materials mixed are, or are

not, injurious to health.

In the case of a certificate regarding milk, butter, or any article

liable to decomposition, the analyst shall specially report whether any

change had taken place in the constitution of the article that would

interfere with the analysis.

Section 17.

260

Ch. 31.

Sections 21

and 29.

Food and Drugs . n 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Adulteration) Act, 1928.

SECOND 1 SCHEDULE.

Special Provisions as to Milk.

(1) Where a sample of milk is procured from a purveyor of

milk, he shall, on being required to do so by the person by

whom or on whose behalf the sample was taken state the name

and address of the seller or consignor from whom he received

the milk.

(2) The local authority in whose district the sample was

taken, may take or cause to be taken one or more samples of

milk in course of transit or delivery from such seller or consignor.

Within sixty hours after the sample of milk was procured,

from the purveyor he may serve on the local' authority a notice

stating the name and address of the seller from whom he received

the milk and the time and place of delivery to the purveyor by

the seller or consignor of milk from a corresponding milking, and

requesting them to take immediate steps to procure, as soon as

practicable, a sample of milk in the course of transit or delivery

from the seller or consignor to the purveyor, unless a sample has

been so taken since the sample was procured from the purveyor,

or within twenty-four hours prior to the sample being procured

from the purveyor:

Provided that the purveyor shall not have any such right

to require that such a sample shall be taken in cases where the

milk from which the sample procured from the purveyor was

taken was a mixture of milk obtained by the purveyor from

more than one seller or consignor.

If a purveyor has served on the local authority such a notice

as aforesaid, and the local authority have not procured a sample

of milk from the seller or consignor in accordance with the foregoing provisions, no proceedings under this Act shall be taken

against the purveyor in respect of the sample of milk procured

from him.

(3) An y sample of milk so taken in the course of transit or

delivery shall be submitted for analysis to the analyst to whom

the sample procured from the purveyor is or was submitted.

(4) If proceedings are taken against the purveyor of milk, a

copy of the certificate of the result of the analysis of every

sample so taken in the course of transit or delivery shall be

furnished to the purveyor, and every such certificate shall,

subject to the provisions of section twenty-eight of this Act,

be sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, and shall be

admissible as evidence on any question whether the milk sold

by the purveyor was sold in the same state as he purchased it.

1928.

Food and Drugs

(. Adulteration) Act, 1928.

Ch. 31.

261

(5) The local authority of the district in which the first- 2nd Soh.

mentioned sample was taken may, instead of, or in addition to, conU

taking proceedings against the purveyor of milk, take proceedings

against the seller or consignor.

(6) If a sample of milk of cows in any dairy is taken in

■course of transit or delivery from that dairy, the owner of the

cows may, within sixty hours after the sample of milk'was

procured, serve on the local authority a notice requesting them

to take immediate steps to procure as soon as practicable a

sample of milk from a corresponding milking of the cows, and

the foregoing provisions shall apply accordingly:

Provided that the person taking the sample shall be empowered to take any such steps at the dairy as may be necessary

to satisfy him that the sample is a fair sample of the milk of the

cows when properly and fully milked.

(7) For the purposes of this Schedule expressions have the

same meaning as in the Milk and Dairies (Consolidation) Act,

1915.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Section 27.

Rules for determining whether Offences are

Second or Subsequent Offences.

1. Any offence under section six or section eight of this Act (except an offence under paragraph (d) of subsection (3) of

section six, or an offence under section six so far as it relates

to milk-blended butter or an offence under subsection (3) of

section eight) shall, in relation to any other offence under

either of those sections except as aforesaid be deemed to be

a second or subsequent offence.

2. Any offence under paragraph (d) of subsection (3) of

section six, or under section six so far as it relates to milk-

blended butter, or under subsection (4) of section seven, subsection (3) of section eight, section ten or section eleven of this Act, shall, in relation to any other offence under any of the said

provisions, be deemed to be a second or subsequent offence.

3. Save as aforesaid, an offence under this Act shall not be

deemed to be a second or subsequent offence unless the former

offence or offences were an offence or offences under the same

provision of this Act.

262

Ch. 31.

Section 37.

Food and Drugs 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(. Adulteration) Act, 1928.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

38 & 39 Vict.

The Sale of Food and Drugs

The whole Act, except

c. 63.

Act, 1875. '

sections thirty, thirty-

one and thirty-six.

‘42 & 43 Vict.

The Sale of Food and Drugs

The whole Act.

c. 30.

Act Amendment Act,

1879. . .

if.

50 & 51 Vict.

The Margarine Act, 1887 -

The whole Act.

c. 29.

65 & 66 Vict.

The Burgh Police (Scotland)

In section four hundred

c. 55.

Act, 1892.

and thirty-two the

words " under the

Sale of Food and

' ' Drugs Act, 1875, and

also ".

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 51.

The Sale of Food and Drugs

Act, 1899.

The whole Act.

7 Edw.7. c. 21

The Butter and Margarine

Act, 1907.

The whole Act.

4 & 5 Geo. 5,

c. 46.

The Milk and Dairies (Scot-,

land) Act, 1914.

Section twenty-seven.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

The Milk and Dairies (Con-

Section nine and the

c. 68.

solidation) Act, 1915.

Third Schedule.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act, 1921

Section twenty-three.

c. 32.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

The Licensing Act, 1921 -

Section ten.

c. 42.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

The Sale of Food and Drugs

The whole Act.

o. 5.

Act, 1927.

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32. 263

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to

petroleum and to petroleum-spirit.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the Bang’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Licences for Keeping Petroleum-Spirit .

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act,

petroleum-spirit shall not be kept unless a petroleum-

spirit licence is in force under this Act authorising the

keeping thereof and the petroleum-spirit, is kept in

accordance with such conditions, if any, as may be

attached to the licence:

Provided that the foregoing provision shall not apply

to any petroleum-spirit kept either for private use or for

sale so .long as—

(a) it is kept in separate glass, earthenware, or

metal vessels, securely stopped and containing

not more than one pint each; and

(6) the aggregate amount kept would not, if the

whole contents of the vessels were in bulk, exceed

three gallons.

(2) The occupier of any premises in which petroleum-

spirit is kept in contravention of this section shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds for every day on which the contravention

occurs or continues, and the court before whom any

person is convicted under this subsection may order

that the petroleum-spirit, in respect of which the contravention occurs, and any vessel in which it is contained be

forfeited or otherwise dealt with in such manner as the

court thinks fit.

(3) If any person to whom a petroleum-spirit licence

is granted contravenes any condition of the licence, lie

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds for every day on which the

contravention occurs or continues.

Petroleum-

spirit not to '

be kept

without a

licence.

264

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Provisions

as to

licences.

2.—(1) The local authority-empowered under this Act to grant petroleum-spirit licences shall be—

(a) in the County of London, except the City of

London, the county council:

(b) in the City of London, the common council of the City of London:

(c) elsewhere, the district council:

Provided that in any harbour within the jurisdiction

of a harbour authority, whether situate or not within

the jurisdiction of any local authority hereinbefore

mentioned, the harbour authority shall be the local

•authority for granting petroleum-spirit licences to the

exclusion of any other local authority.

(2) A petroleum-spirit licence may be granted by a

local authority so as to be in force for such time, and

subject to such provisions as to renewal, as the local

authority think necessary.

(3) A local authority may attach to any petroleum-

spirit licence such conditions as they think expedient,

as to the mode of storage, the nature and situation of the premises in which, and the nature of the goods with

which, petroleum-spirit is to be stored, the facilities for

the testing of petroleum-spirit from time to time, and

generally as to the safe-keeping of petroleum-spirit.

(4) Where conditions to be observed by persons

employed are attached to any petroleum-spirit licence,

the occupier of the premises to which the licence relates

shall cause to be kept posted on the premises, in such

form and in such position as to be easily read by the

persons employed on the premises, a notice setting out

those conditions, and

(a) if the occupier of any premises f££ils to comply

with the foregoing requirements of this subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every

day on which the failure occurs or continues;

and

(b) if any person pulls down, injures, or defaces any

notice posted in accordance with the requirements of this subsection, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five

pounds; and

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32. 265

(c) if any person employed contravenes any condition

of which notice has been given in accordance

with the requirements of this subsection, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding five pounds.

' I

3. —(1) If on any application for a petroleum-spirit

licence a local authority refuse to grant the licence,

or grant the licence on conditions with which the applicant

is dis-satisfied, the local authority shall, if required by the

applicant so to do, deliver to him a certificate in writing

signed by the clerk or secretary of the local authority

stating the grounds on which the authority has refused

the licence or attached the conditions, as the case may be,

and the applicant may appeal to the Secretary of State

within ten days after the receipt of the certificate or

within such further time as the Secretary of State niay

allow.

(2) Every appeal to the Secretary of State under

this section shall be made in writing asking that the

licence may be granted notwithstanding the refusal of the local authority, or that the conditions may not be

attached or may be modified in such manner and to such

extent as may be set forth in the appeal, and shall be

accompanied by the certificate of the local authority

given under the last foregoing subsection, and on consideration of any such appeal the Secretary of State

may, if he thinks fit, grant the licence either without

conditions or subject to such conditions as he thinks

proper or may modify the conditions attached by the

local authority, and any licence so granted or modified

shall be in force for such time and be subject to such

provisions as to renewal as may be specified in the

licence, and shall, when certified under the hand of the

Secretary of State, have effect as if granted by a local

authority.

(3) Before exercising his powers under the last

foregoing subsection with respect to any appeal, the

Secretary of State may, if he thinks it necessary or

desirable, cause an inquiry and report upon the matter

to be made to him by such person as he may appoint

for the purpose.

4. In respect of every petroleum-spirit licence granted

by a local authority or by the Secretary of State under

this Act, fees shall be payable to the local authority or

Appeals

from

refusals

by local

authorities

to grant

licences.

Fees

payable for

licences.

266

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(i Consolidation) Act, 1928.

to the Secretary of State, as the case may be, by the

person to whom the licence is granted, at the rates shown

in the scale set out in the First Schedule to this Act or

such lower scale as the Secretary of State may, with the

consent of the Treasury, prescribe by regulations.

Provisions

as to the

labelling

of vessels

containing

petroleum-

spirit.

Labelling of Vessels containing Petroleum-Spirit.

5.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, where any

petroleum-spirit—

(a) is kept at any place; or

(b) is sent or conveyed between any two places in

Great Britain; or

(c) is sold or exposed or offered for sale;

there shall be attached to, or, where that is impracticable,

displayed near, the vessel containing the petroleum-

spirit, a label showing, in conspicuous characters, the

words " Petroleum - Spirit " and the words "Highly

Inflammable, " and—

(1) in the case of petroleum-spirit kept, the name

and address of the consignee or owner:

(ii) in the case of petroleum-spirit sent or conveyed,

the name and address of the sender;

(iii) in the case of petroleum-spirit sold or exposed

or offered for sale, the name and address of the vendor:

Provided that, for the purposes of the foregoing

provisions—

(a) petroleum-spirit shall not be deemed to be kept

during the seven days next after it has been

imported; and

(b) petroleum-spirit carried on any motor vehicle,

ship, or aircraft, but intended to be used only

for the purposes thereof shall not be deemed to

be conveyed.

(2) Any person who keeps, sends, conveys, sells,

or exposes or offers for sale any petroleum-spirit in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and the

court before whom any person is convicted in respect

of any such contravention may order that the petroleum-

spirit, in respect of which the contravention occurs, and

any vessel in which it is contained be forfeited or otherwise dealt with in such manner as the court thinks fit.

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

267

Transport of Petroleum-Spirit.

6.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations

as to the conveyance of petroleum-spirit by road and

for protecting persons or property from danger in connection with such conveyance, and in particular—

i

(a) for regulating the description and construction

of vehicles to be used in the conveyance of

petroleum-spirit by road:

(b) for prohibiting or subjecting to conditions and restrictions the conveyance by road of petroleum-

spirit with any explosive, or with any articles

or substances, or in passenger vehicles:

(c) for prescribing the quantity of petroleum-spirit

which may be conveyed at one time or in one

vehicle:

(d) for prescribing the precautions to be observed in

the conveyance of petroleum-spirit by road, and

in loading and unloading vehicles used in such

conveyance, and the time during which the

petroleum-spirit may be kept during such conveyance, loading, and unloading as aforesaid:

(e) for the publication and supply of copies of the regulations:

(f) adapting, on good cause being shown, the

regulations in force under this section to the

circumstances of any particular locality:

(g) the enforcement of the regulations in any

district by the local authority empowered under

this Act to grant petroleum-spirit licences in

that district.

(2) If any person contravenes or attempts to contravene any regulation made under this section, he

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds for every day on which the

offence occurs or continues, and the court before whom

any person is convicted under this subsection may order

that the petroleum-spirit in respect of which the offence

was committed and any vessel in which it is contained

be forfeited or otherwise dealt with in such manner as

the court thinks fit.

Regulations

as to the

conveyance

of petroleum-spirit

by road.

268

Byelaws as

to ships

loading and

carrying

petroleum-

spirit in

harbour.

28 & 29 Vict,

c. 125.

Ch. 32. Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

7.—(1) It shall be* the duty of every harbour

authority to make for the harbour under their jurisdiction

byelaws as to the loading of ships with petroleum-spirit

and generally as to the precautions to be observed with

respect to snips carrying petroleum-spirit whilst in the

harbour, and such byelaws shall in particular provide—

(a) for regulating the places at which ships are to

load or land petroleum-spirit and the time and

mode of, and the precautions to be taken on,

such loading and landing; and

(b) for regulating the places at which ships carrying

petroleum-spirit are to be moored; and

(c) for the due enforcement of the byelaws.

(2) No byelaws made by a harbour authority under

the last foregoing subsection shall come into force until

confirmed by the Minister of Transport and before submitting any such byelaws to the Minister the harbour

authority shall, in such manner as may be directed by

the Minister, publish a draft thereof together with notice

of their intention to apply for the Confirmation of the

byelaws.

(3) If it appears to the Minister of Transport that at

any harbour there are for the time being no byelaws or

insufficient byelaws in force under this section, the Minister may by notice require the harbour authority

having jurisdiction in that harbour to make and submit

to him byelaws for the purposes of this section, and if

the harbour authority make default in complying with

any such requirement within the time limited by the

notice, the Minister may make byelaws which shall have

effect as if they had been made by the harbour authority

and confirmed by him.

(4) If it appears to the Admiralty, that byelaws

under this section ought to be made with respect to any

place within the limits of a dockyard port as defined by

the Dockyard Port Regulation Act, 1865, but that there is

no harbour authority competent to make byelaws with

respect to that place, the Admiralty may make byelaws

with respect thereto, and any byelaws so made by the

Admiralty shall come into force without confirmation,

shall be published in such manner as the Admiralty think

proper, and shall have effect as if they had been made by

a harbour authority and confirmed by the Minister of

Transport.

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

269

(5) If it appears to a harbour master or to any

person acting under the orders of a harbour authority

that any ship or any petroleum-spirit is in a place in

which it ought not in accordance with any such byelaws

as aforesaid to be, he may cause it to be removed so as

to be in conformity with the byelaws, and any expenses

incurred by the harbour authority in .connection with

any such removal may be recovered summarily as a civil

debt from the owner of the ship or of the petroleum-

spirit, as the case may be.

(6) In the event of any contravention of the requirements of any byelaw in force under this section, the

owner and master of any ship in or in relation to which

the contravention occurs, and, except in the case of a

contravention in respect of the mooring of a ship, the

owner of any petroleum-spirit in respect of which the contravention occurs, shall each be guilty of an offence and

shall be liable on summary conviction thereof to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day on which

the offence occurs or continues:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to proceedings for any such offence to prove—

(a) if the proceedings are against the owner or

master of a ship for an offence in respect of the

loading or landing of petroleum-spirit, that all

reasonable means were taken by the master to

prevent the commission of the offence, and that

the offence was not caused or facilitated by

any act or neglect on the part of the owner or

of any person engaged or employed by the

owner or master; and

(b) if the proceedings are against the owner of

petroleum-spirit for an offence in respect of the

loading or landing thereof, or in respect of any

failure to observe precautions required to be

observed with respect to ships carrrying petroleum-spirit whilst in harbour, that the offence

was not caused or facilitated by any act or

neglect on his part or on the part of any person

engaged or employed by him.

8. The owner or master of every ship carrying a

cargo, any part of which consists of petroleum-spirit,

shall, on entering any harbour within Great Britain,

give notice of the nature of the cargo to the harbour

Notice

of ships

carrying

petroleum-

270

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

spirit to be

given on

entering

harbour.

Byelaws as.

to loading,

conveyance

and landing

of petroleum-spirit

in and upon

canals.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 25.

Regulations

as to the

keeping and

use of petroleum-spirit

for purpose

of motor

authority having jurisdiction over the harbour, and if

such notice is not given, the owner and master of the

ship shall each be guilty of an offence and shall be liable

on summary conviction thereof to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds, or on conviction thereof on indictment to

a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to proceedings

for any such offence to prove that neither the owner nor

the master knew the nature of the goods in respect of

which the proceedings, are taken, and that neither of

them could, with reasonable diligence, have obtained

such knowledge.

9. —(1) Every canal company shall have power to

make byelaws regulating the loading^ conveyance and

landing of petroleum-spirit in and upon the canal under

their jurisdiction, and as to the precautions to be observed

with respect thereto, and as to the due enforcement of the byelaws.

(2) No byelaws made under this section shall come

into force until confirmed by the Minister of Transport,

and before submitting any such byelaws to the Minister,

the canal company shall, in such manner as may be

directed by the Minister, publish a draft thereof together

with notice of their intention to apply for the confirmation of the byelaws.

(3) If any person contravenes or attempts to contravene any byelaw made under this section, he shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds for every day on which the offence occurs

or continues.

(4) Section forty of the Railway and Canal Traffic

Act, 1888 (which makes provision as to the byelaws of

canal companies) shall not apply to byelaws made

under this section.

Special Provisions as to Keeping, Use and Supply of

Petroleum-Spirit for Motor Vehicles.

10. —(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations as to the keeping and use of petroleum-spirit by

persons intending to use it for the purpose of any class of

motor vehicles, motor boats, aircraft, or engines specified

in the regulations, and any such regulations may exempt

from the operation of any of the foregoing provisions of

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

271

this Act the keeping and use of petroleum-spirit by vehicles,

persons intending to use it for the purpose of any such motorboats,

class as aforesaid to which the regulations apply. ^j^ines

(2) If any person contravenes or attempts to contravene any regulation made under this section, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds for every day on which the offence occurs

or continues, and the court before whom any person is

convicted under this subsection may order that the

petroleum-spirit in respect of which the offence was

committed, and any vessel in which it is contained, be

forfeited or otherwise dealt with in such manner as the

court thinks fit.

11.—(1) For the purpose of preserving for the Byelaws as

enjoyment of the public the amenities of any rural to petroleum

scenery or of any place of beauty or historic interest or of 8ta ‘

any public park or pleasure promenade or of any street tl0DS '

or place which is of interest by reason of its picturesque

character, the council of any county or borough may

make byelaws—

(a) regulating the appearance of petroleum filling

stations; or

(b) prohibiting the establishment of petroleum filling

stations,

in any part of their area to which the byelaws apply;

and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing

provisions, any such byelaws regulating the appearance

of petroleum filling stations may, in particular, require

compliance with such provisions as may be contained in

the byelaws as to the position, design, size, colour and

screening of such stations or of any parts thereof:

Provided that—

(i) as respects the City of London, the powers and

duties conferred and imposed by this section

shall be exercised and performed by the

Common Council of the City of London

instead of the London County Council; and

(ii) no byelaws made under this section by the

council of any county shall have effect in any

borough within the county; and

{iii) nothing in any byelaws regulating the

appearance of petroleum filling stations shall

prevent the use in any place to which the

272 Ch. 32. Petroleum"''. 18 & 1(5 Geo. 5.

(' Consolidation) Act, 1928.

byelaws apply, of any pump or other

apparatus approved for use in such, places

by the Secretary of State; and in making

any such byelaws a council shall make provision for exempting any station established

at the time of the making of the byelaws from

any restrictions requiring structural alterations for such period, not being less than

two years from that time, as they may think

.fit; and

(iv) in making any byelaws prohibiting the establishment of petroleum filling stations a

council shall have regard to the need for

reasonable facilities for the supply of petroleum in or near the part of their area to

which the byelaws apply.

(2) Any part of the area of a council to which

byelaws or a draft of any byelaws made under this

section apply shall be distinctly marked and shown on

plans to be signed by and deposited with the clerk of the

council making the byelaws, and thq said plans shall be

at all reasonable times thereafter open for the inspection

of the public without charge.

(3) No byelaws made under this section shall come

into force until confirmed by the Secretary of State, and

before submitting any such byelaws to the Secretary of

State the council by whom the byelaws were made shall,

in such manner as may be directed by the Secretary of

State, publish a draft thereof, together with notice of the place where the plans marked in accordance with the

provisions of this section may be inspected and of the

intention of the council to apply for the confirmation

of the byelaws.

(4) Where byelaws made under this section are in

force prohibiting the establishment of petroleum filling

stations in any part of the area of a council, the council

may, with a view, to securing the removal of all such

stations from that part of their area, serve upon every

occupier of a petroleum filling station established therein

before the date on which the byelaws came into force a

notice requiring him to remove it within such period,

not bfeing less than six months after the service of the

notice, as may be specified in the notice, and any

such notice may be addressed "the occupier" without

1928. Petroleum Ch. 32. 273

(<Consolidation) Act, 1928.

further name or description and may be served either by

delivering it or leaving it at, or by sending it by post

as a registered letter to, the usual or last known place of

abode of the occupier, or if his place of abode is not

known, by fixing it on some conspicuous part of the

petroleum filling station:

Provided that any person upon whom such a notice

is served shall be entitled to recover from the council by

whom it was served any expenses reasonably incurred

by him in carrying out the directions contained in the

notice, and shall, if he makes a claim within twelve

months after the service of the notice, be entitled to

recover from the council compensation for any loss

sustained by him in direct consequence of the requirements of the notice, and any question in dispute as to

whether compensation is payable under this subsection

or as to the amount of any compensation so payable

shall be determined by a single arbitrator appointed by

agreement between the parties or, in default of such

agreement, appointed by the Secretary of State.

(5) The occupier of any premises used or intended

to be used as a petroleum filling station shall have power,

notwithstanding anything in any conveyance or in any

lease or other agreement, to do all such things as may be

necessary for complying with the requirements of any

byelaw made or notice served under this section; and

where a notice has been served upon any person under

this section the council by whom the notice was served

may, with his consent, do on his behalf anything necessary

for complying with the requirements of the notice.

(6) If any person contravenes any byelaw made or

notice served under this section, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty

pounds for every day on which the contravention occurs

or continues, and if, after any person has been so

convicted in respect of a contravention of any byelaw

made under this section prohibiting the establishment

of petroleum filling stations or in respect of a contravention of any notice served under this section requiring

the removal of any such station, the petroleum filling

station is not removed within such time as the court

may allow, the council by whom the byelaw was made

or the notice served shall have power to do all such acts

as may be necessary for the removal thereof, and

S

274

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Regulations

as to classes

of petroleum-spirit

likely to be

dangerous

or injurious

to health.

any expenses incurred by a council in removing any

petroleum filling station established in contravention of

any such byelaw as aforesaid shall be recoverable from

the person convicted summarily as a civil debt.

(7) Any expenses incurred by a county council under

this section shall be defrayed as part of their expenses

for general county purposes.

(8) The council of any urban district shall have

power to enforce within their district any byelaws in

force under this section, and any expenses incurred by

a district council under this subsection shall be defrayed

as part of their general expenses.

Regulations as to special Classes of Petroleum-Spirit,

12.—(1) If the Secretary of State is satisfied that any

class of petroleum-spirit is by reason of the nature thereof

or of any substance mixed therewith likely to be dangerous

or injurious to health either generally or in the case of

any class of persons, he may make such regulations as

appear to him to be reasonably practicable and to meet

the necessity of the case, and in particular—

(a) for requiring the observance of such precautions

as may be prescribed for the protection of persons

employed or engaged in handling or using

petroleum-spirit of that class in connection

with any trade or business; and

(b) for requiring persons selling to the public petroleum-spirit of that class to give, in such manner

as may be prescribed, warning to purchasers of

petroleum-spirit of that class as to the dangers

thereof and the precautions to be observed with

respect thereto; and

(c) for prohibiting the sale or use of petroleum-spirit

which he may by order declare to be so

dangerous or injurious to health that precautions for the protection of persons employed

or engaged in handling or using such petroleum-

spirit are impracticable; and

(d) for the publication and supply of copies of the

regulations; and

(e) for the enforcement of the regulations in any

district by the local authority empowered under

this Act to grant petroleum-spirit licences in

that district:

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

275

Provided that any such regulations extending to

England shall be made after consultation with the Minister of Health.

(2) If any person contravenes or attempts to contravene any regulation made under this section, he shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds for every day on which the offence

occurs or continues, and the court before whom any

person is convicted under this subsection may order that

the petroleum-spirit in respect of which the offence was

committed, and any vessel in which it is contained, be

forfeited or otherwise dealt with in such manner as the

court thinks fit.

Accidents in connection with Petroleum-Spirit.

13.—(1) Whenever any accident which ‘occasions

loss of life or personal injury occurs by explosion or by

fire in or about or in connection with any licensed premises, the occupier of the premises shall, if the explosion or

fire involved petroleum-spirit, forthwith send or cause

to be sent to the Secretary of State notice of the accident

and of the loss of life or personal injury. A notice of

any accident of which notice is sent in pursuance of this section need not be sent to any ’inspector of

factories.

(2) Where, in, about, or in connection with any

ship or vehicle on which petroleum-spirit is being conveyed or loaded or from which petroleum-spirit is being

unloaded, any accident which occasions loss of life or

personal injury occurs by explosion or by fire, the owner

or master of the ship or vehicle shall, if the explosion

or fire involved petroleum-spirit, forthwith send or cause

to be sent to the Secretary of State notice of the accident

and of the loss of life or personal injury, but this provision

shall not apply where the petroleum-spirit carried or

loaded on, or unloaded from, the ship or vehicle is or

was for use only on that ship or vehicle or in any case

in which such notice as aforesaid is otherwise by law

required to be sent to some government department.

(3) Every such occupier, owner, or master as aforesaid who fails to comply with any of the provisions of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Notice to

be given

of accidents

connected

with

petroleum-

spirit.

276

Inquiry into

accidents

connected

with

petroleum-

spirit.

Ch. 32. Petroleum, 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

14 . The Secretary of State may direct an inquiry

to be made by a government inspector into the cause

of any accident of which notice is required by this Act

to be given to the Secretary of State, and where it

appears to the Secretary of State either before or after

the commencement of any such inquiry, that a more

formal investigation of the accident, and of the causes and

circumstances thereof, is expedient, he may by order

direct a formal investigation to be held, and with respect

to inquiries and investigations made or held under this Act the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) the Secretary of State may, by the same or any

subsequent order, appoint any person or persons

possessing legal or special knowledge to assist the

government inspector in holding a formal

investigation, or may direct such county court

judge, stipendiary magistrate, metropolitan

police magistrate, or other person or persons

as may be named in the order, to hold such an

investigation with the assistance of a government inspector or any other assessor or assessors

named in the order:

(b) the persons holding any formal investigation (in

this section referred to as the court) shall hold it

in open court in such manner and under such

conditions as they think most effectual for

ascertaining the causes and circumstances of the

accident, and for enabling them to make the

report in this section mentioned:

(c) the court shall have for the purpose of the

investigation all the powers of a court of summary jurisdiction when acting as a court in

hearing informations for offences against this Act, and shall have all the powers of a government inspector under this Act, and in addition

the following powers, namely—

(i) they may enter and inspect any place

or building the entry or inspection whereof

appears to them requisite for the said

purpose;

(ii) they may by summons under their

hands require the attendance of all such

persons as they think fit to call before them

and examine for the said purpose, and may

for the said purpose require to be furnished

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

277

to them answers or returns to such inquiries

as they think fit to make;

(iii) they may require the production of all

books, papers, and documents which they

consider important for the said purpose;

(iv) they may administer an oath, and

require any person examined to make and sign

a declaration of the truth of the statements

made by him in his examination:

(d) persons attending as witnesses before the court

shall be allowed such expenses as would be

allowed to witnesses attending before a court

of record; and in case of dispute, as to the amount

to be allowed, the dispute shall be referred by

the court to a master of the Supreme Court,

who, on request under the hands of the

members of the court, shall ascertain and certify

the proper amount of the expenses:

(e) if any person without reasonable excuse (proof

whereof shall lie on him) fails, after having

had the expenses (if any) to which he is entitled

tendered to him, to comply with any summons

or requisition of a court holding an investigation under this Act, or prevents or impedes the

court in the execution of their duty, he shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding ten pounds, or, in the case of a failure

to comply with a requisition for furnishing any

return or producing any document, not exceeding ten pounds for every day on which the

failure occurs or continues:

(f) the government inspector making an inquiry

into any accident and the court holding an

investigation of any accident under this section

shall make a report to the Secretary of State,

stating the causes of the accident and all the

circumstances attending it, and containing any

observations thereon or on the evidence or on

any matters arising out of the inquiry or investigation which he or they think right to

include in the report, and the Secretary of

State shall cause every report so made to him

to be made public in such manner as he thinks

expedient.

278 Ch. 32. Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(' Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Coroners’ 15.—(1) Where a coroner holds an inquest upon

inquests on the body of any person whose - death may have been

accidents 0 " 1 cause< ^y any accident of which notice is required by this

connected J ^- c to he given to the Secretary of State, the coroner

with petro- shall adjourn, the inquest unless a government inspector,

leum-spirit. or some person on behalf of the Secretary of State, is

present to watch the proceedings:

Provided that, if the accident has not occasioned the

death of more than one person, and the coroner has

sent to the Secretary of State notice of the time and

place of holding the inquest not less than forty-eight

hours before the time of the holding thereof, it shall not

be imperative on him to adjourn the inquest in pursuance

of this section if the majority of the jury think it unnecessary that he should do so.

(2) The coroner before the adjournment, may take

evidence to identify the body, and may order the interment thereof.

(3) The coroner, at least four days before holding the

adjourned inquest, shall send to the'Secretary of State

notice in writing of the time and place of holding the

adjourned inquest.

(4) A government inspector or person employed on

behalf of the Secretary of State shall be at liberty at

any such inquest as aforesaid to examine any witness,

subject nevertheless to the order of the coroner on points

of law.

(5) Where at any inquest there is given evidence of

any neglect having caused or contributed to an accident,

or evidence of there having been, in or about or in connection with any licensed premises or any ship or vehicle

carrying petroleum-spirit, any defect that appears to the

coroner or jury to require a remedy, the" coroner shall,

if no government inspector or person employed on behalf

of the Secretary of State is present at the inquest, send

to the Secretary of State notice in writing of the neglect

or defect.

Powers of Inspection, &c.

Powers of 16-—(1) A government inspector shall have power

government to make such examination and inquiry as may be necessary

inspectors, *to ascertain whether the provisions of this Act or of any

1928. Petroleum Ch. 32. 279

(< Consolidation) Act, 1928.

regulations made thereunder are complied with, and for

that purpose he—

(a) may enter, inspect, and examine at all

reasonable times by day any licensed premises,

and every part thereof, and any premises in

which any petroleum-spirit is kept, or is

suspected by him to be kept, ' in contravention

of the provisions of this Act or of any regulations

made thereunder; and

(b) may require the occupier of any premises

which he is so entitled to enter, or a person

employed therein by the occupier, to give him

samples of any petroleum on the premises.

(2) The occupier of any such premises as aforesaid,

his agents and servants, shall furnish the means required

by a government inspector as being necessary for every

such entry, inspection and examination which he is

entitled under this section to make

(3) If any person fails to permit a government

inspector to enter, inspect or examine as aforesaid, or to

comply with any such requisition of a government

inspector as aforesaid, or in any manner obstructs a

government inspector in the execution of his duties,

that person shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or on conviction on

indictment to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

17, —(1) Any officer authorised by a local authority

empowered under this Act to grant petroleum-spirit

licences—

(a) may purchase samples of any petroleum from

any dealer therein or from any person who

keeps petroleum for the purposes of any trade

or industry, or may on producing a copy of his

appointment purporting to be signed by the

clerk or secretary of the local authority require

the dealer or other person to show him every

place and any vessels in which petroleum in

his possession is kept and. to give him samples

of such petroleum on payment of the value

thereof; and

Powers of

officers of

local

authorities

as to

testing

petroleum-

spirit.

(b) may test or cause to be tested at any convenient

place and at such reasonable time as he may

appoint any samples so obtained by him.

280 Ch. 32. Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

(2) Any such officer shall, before testing or causing

to be tested any samples under the last foregoing subsection, give to the dealer or other person from whom

they were obtained notice in writing of the place and

time at which they are to be tested, and the dealer or

other person or any person appointed by him may be

present at the testing.

(3) If it appears to the person testing any samples

of petroleum obtained under this section that the

petroleum is petroleum-spirit, he may give a certificate

in writing to that effect, and a certificate so given shall be

received in evidence in any proceedings under this Act

against the person from whom the samples were obtained,

so, however, that if, after hearing any Evidence given by

or on behalf of that person, the court before which the

proceedings are taken is not satisfied as to the correctness of the certificate, the court may appoint some

person skilled in testing petroleum to test the samples

to which the certificate relates and to report whether the

certificate is correct or not. '

(4) Any expenses incurred in testing any samples

of petroleum under this section shall, if the person from

whom the samples were obtained is convicted of keeping,

sending, conveying, selling, or exposing or offering for

sale petroleum-spirit in contravention of this Act, be

paid by that person, and shall be recoverable as part

of the costs of the proceedings against him, but in

every other case shall be paid by the local authority.

(5) If any dealer in petroleum or person who keeps

petroleum for the purposes of any trade or industry, by

himself or by anyone in his employ or acting by his

direction or with his consent, refuses to show to an

officer authorised by the local authority any place or

vessel in which petroleum in his possession is kept, or to

give to such an officer such assistance as he may require for

examining any such place or vessel, or to give him samples

of such petroleum on payment of the value thereof, or

wilfully obstructs the local authority or any officer

thereof acting in the execution of this Act, that dealer

or other person shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

1928. Petroleum Ch. 32.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

18.—(1) If a court of summary jurisdiction is

satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable

ground for suspecting that any petroleum-spirit is being

kept, sent, conveyed, or exposed or offered for sale within

the jurisdiction of the court in contravention of this Act,

.the court shall grant a search warrant authorising any

person named therein to enter and examine any plage,

ship or vehicle named in the warrant and to search for

and take samples of petroleum therein and to seize and

remove any petroleum-spirit that he may find therein

kept, sent, conveyed, or exposed or offered for sale in contravention of this Act, and the vessel containing any such

petroleum-spirit, and to detain such petroleum-spirit

and vessel until a court of summary jurisdiction has

determined whether or not they are to be forfeited.

(2) Where any petroleum-spirit or vessel is seized

by virtue of a warrant granted under t his section—

(a) proceedings shall be commenced forthwith for

determining whether or not it is to be forfeited;

and

(b) the person seizing it shall not be liable to any

proceedings for detaining it or for any loss

or damage incurred in respect thereof except

where the loss or damage is due to any wilful

act or neglect while the petroleum-spirit or

vessel is so detained; and

(c) in the case of any petroleum-spirit or vessel

seized in any ship or vehicle, the person seizing

it may for the purposes of the removal thereof

use, diming twenty-four hours after the seizure,

the ship or vehicle in which it was seized,

with the tackle, beasts and accoutrements

belonging thereto, but if he do so shall pay to

the owner of the ship or vehicle reasonable

compensation for the use thereof: the amount

of such compensation shall, in default of agreement, be assessed by the court of summary

jurisdiction before which proceedings are taken

for determining whether or not the petroleum-

spirit or vessel is to be forfeited, and may be

recovered in like manner as fines under this Act may be recovered.

(3) If any person by himself or by anyone in his

employ or acting by his direction or with his consent

281

Warrants to

search for

and seize

petroleum-

spirit.

282

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

refuses or fails to admit into any place, ship or vehicle

occupied by him or under Ins control any person

authorised by a warrant granted under this section to

enter that place, ship or vehicle, or obstructs or prevents

any person .from making any search, examination or

seizure or taking any samples which he is authorised by

such a warrant to make or take, that person shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds and may be ordered by the court to

forfeit any petroleum-spirit that is found in his possession or under his control with or without any vessel in

which it is contained.

Power to apply Act to other Substances.

Power to 19.—(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council

make Orders apply to any substance any of the provisions of this

m Council ^ct specified in the Order, with such modifications, if any.

Act toother as ma y seem to Has Majesty to be desirable having regard

substances, to the nature of the substance to which the Order

relates. '

(2) While any Order in Council relating to any substance is in force under this section, the provisions of this Act thereby applied shall have effect as if the

substance were included in the definition of petroleum-

spirit, but subject to such modifications, if any, as may

be provided by the Order.

(3) Any Order in Council made under this section

may be varied or revoked by any subsequent Order.

Provisions

as to

apparatus

for and

method of

testing

petroleum.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 47.

Supplementary.

20.—(1) Models of the apparatus for testing petroleum, of which specifications are contained respectively

in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act and in the

First Schedule to the Petroleum Act, 1879, shall remain

deposited with the Board of Trade, and the Board shall,

on payment of such fee, not exceeding twenty shillings,

as the Board may from time to time prescribe,

cause every apparatus constructed in accordance with

either such specification which is submitted to them

for the purpose to be compared with the appropriate

model so deposited and to be verified, and shall stamp

with a mark approved by the Board and notified in the

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

283

London Gazette every such apparatus that is found to

be correct, so, however, that no apparatus constructed

in accordance with the specification contained in the

First Schedule to the Petroleum Act, .1879, shall after the

commencement of this Act be so verified and stamped

unless it has been previously verified and stamped on

dr before the third day of August, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight.

(2) No apparatus for testing petroleum stamped by

the Board of Trade in accordance with the provisions

of this section shall be deemed to have been verified by

the Board unless—

(a) it has been stamped within ten years; and

(b) no part of the apparatus has been materially

altered, repaired, or replaced since the apparatus

was last stamped

but save as aforesaid all such apparatus purporting to

be so stamped shall be deemed to have been verified by

the Board until the contrary is proved.

(3) All fees payable under this section shall be paid

into the Exchequer.

21, All regulations made by the Secretary of State

and all byelaws made by the Admiralty under this Act

shall be laid before each House of Parliament as soon as

may be after they are made, and, if an Address is

presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament

within the next subsequent forty days on which that

House has sat next after any such regulation or byelaw

is laid before it, praying that the regulation or byelaw

may be annulled, it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously

done thereunder or to the making of any new regulation

or byelaw.

22 . The Secretary of State or the Minister of

Transport, as the case may be, may confirm any byelaws

submitted to him under this Act with or without any

modifications, and any byelaws so confirmed shall be

published by the authority by whom they were submitted

in such manner as the Secretary of State or the Minister

of Transport, as the case may be, may direct.

Regulations

and byelaws to be

laid before

Parliament.

Confirmation and

publication

of byelaws.

284

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Interpretation.

36 & 37 Vict,

c. 48.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 17.

41 & 42 Vict

c. 49.

23. In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them (that is to say):—

" Amenities, " in relation to any place, includes any

view of or from that place:

" Canal " and " canal company " have respectively

the same meanings as in the Regulation of

Railways Act, 1873:

" Contravention " includes, in relation to any provision, a failure to comply with that provision,

and the expression "contravene " shall be

construed accordingly:

" Dock " includes any pier, jetty or other place, in

or at which ships can ship" or unship goods

or passengers:

" Government inspector" means a Government

inspector under the Explosives Act, 1875:

" Harbour" means any harbour, whether natural or

artificial, and any port, haven, estuary, tidal

or other river, canal on inland navigation

navigated by sea-going ships and, subject to

the provisions of this Act, any dock:

" Harbour authority" means any person or body of

persons in whom are vested by or under any Act

of Parliament powers and duties of improving,

maintaining or managing a harbour, so, however, that where, as respects any dock within

a harbour, such powers and duties are separately vested by or under any Act of Parliament

in any person or body of persons, that person

or body shall, as respects that dock, be the

harbour authority, and the dock shall be

deemed to be a separate harbour:

" I.W.G." means the denominations of standards

approved by Order in Council made under the

Weights and Measures Act, 1878, and dated

the twenty-third day of August, eighteen

hundred and eighty-three, known as the

" Imperial Wire Gauge ":

" Licensed premises" means any premises in respect

of which a petroleum-spirit licence is in force

under this Act:

" Motor vehicles " includes all mechanically-propelled

vehicles intended or adapted for use on roads:

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

285

" Petroleum " includes crude petroleum, oil made

from petroleum, or from coal, shale, peat or

other bituminous substances, and other products

of petroleum:

" Petroleum filling station" means any premises or

place used or intended to be used by way of

trade or for purposes of gain for fuelling motor

vehicles with petroleum, and includes any

building, advertisement, pump or other apparatus in, or used in connection with, any such

premises:

" Petroleum-spirit" means such petroleum as when

tested in the manner set forth in Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act gives off an

inflammable vapour at a temperature of less

than seventy-three degrees Fahrenheit:

" Petroleum-spirit licence" means a licence

authorising the keeping of petroleum-spirit

granted by a local authority empowered under

this Act to grant such a licence or by the

Secretary of State:

" Ship " includes every description of vessel used in

navigation, whether propelled by oars or otherwise.

24. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the

following modifications:—

(1) the following paragraphs shall be substituted

for paragraphs (a), (b)and (c) of subsection (1)

of section two of this Act—

(a) in a burgh the town council;

(b) in a county the county council;

(2) the expression "borough " shall mean " burgh, "

and any expenses incurred by a county or town

council under section eleven of this Act shall

be defrayed out of such rate leviable by the

council and payable by owners and occupiers

in equal proportions as the council may

determine;

(3) the expression "a Master of the Supreme Court "

means the Auditor of the Court of Session; the

expression " attending before a court of record "

means attending on citation in the High Court

of Justiciary; the expression "stipendiary

Application

to Scotland.

286

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(i Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Savings.

Short title,

extent,

repeal

and commencement.

magistrate" means the sheriff; and the expression "information" means complaint;

(4) any offence may be prosecuted in a court of

su mm ary jurisdiction or on indictment and any

penalty shall be recoverable on conviction by

a court of summary jurisdiction or on indictment, provided that no court of summary

jurisdiction shall, except in the case of an

offence which involves a fine for every day on

which the offence occurs or continues, have

power to impose a penalty exceeding fifty

pounds and no court of summary jurisdiction

other than the sheriff court shall have power to

impose a penalty exceeding twenty pounds;

(5) the expression "court of summary jurisdiction "

in section fourteen of this Act means the

sheriff, and elsewhere has the like meaning as

in the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts;

(6) any petroleum, petroleum-spirit, or other substance or thing ordered, -by a court to be

forfeited may be sold or otherwise disposed of

in such manner as the court shall direct;

(7) any penalty recovered and the proceeds of any

forfeiture sold shall be paid to the King’s and

Lord Treasurer’s Remembrancer where the

court is the sheriff court, to the county clerk

where the court is the justice of the peace

court, and to the treasurer of the burgh where

the court is the burgh or police court.

25. —(1) The powers conferred by this Act shall be in

addition to and not in derogation of any other powers

conferred on any local authority, harbour authority, or

canal company by any Act (not being an enactment

repealed by this Act), or by law or custom.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to exempt

any person from any penalty to which he would otherwise

be subject in respect of a nuisance.

26. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Petroleum

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule:

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

287

Provided that—

(a) any appointment, byelaw, regulation, order,

licence, certificate or warrant, made, granted,

given or issued and any proceedings taken,

under any enactment hereby repealed, shall

have effect as if made, granted, given, issued,

or taken under the corresponding provision

of this Act, and any byelaws made by a

harbour authority as defined by this Act with respect to the landing of petroleum- spirit, being byelaws which under the said repealed enactments applied with the necessary modifications to the loading of ships with such spirit, shall, until revoked, continue so to apply, and references in this Act to any appointment, byelaw, regulation, order, licence, certificate, warrant or proceedings shall have effect accordingly;

(b) any regulations made under section five of the

Locomotives on Highways Act, 1896, and

continued in force by subsection (4) of section

ten of the Petroleum (Amendment) Act,

1928, shall have effect as if made under

section ten of this Act, and in so far as

any such regulations relate to any substance

other than petroleum-spirit, section ten of this Act shall be deemed to have been applied

to that substance under section nineteen of this Act;

(c) any document referring to any enactment

repealed by this Act shall be construed as

referring to this Act and to the corresponding

enactment, if any, therein.

(4) The mention of particular matters in this section

shall not be held to prejudice or affect the general

application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation

Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

(5) This Act shall come into operation on the

fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight.

59 & 60 Vict,

e. 36.

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 20.

52 & 63 Vict,

c. 63.

288

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928’.

Section 4.

Section 20.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rates of Fees payable in respect of Licences

to keep Petroleum-Spirit.

Rates per

annum of

fees payable.

In respect of a licence to keep a quantity— £ s. d.

not exceeding 100 gallons - 050

exceeding 100 gallons, not exceeding 500 gallons - 0 10 0

, 500

99 99

, 1,000

99

- 0

15

0

, 1,000

» »

, 5,000

99

- 1

0

0

, 5,000

99 )J

, 10,000

99

- 2

0

0

, 10,000

99 99

, 20,000

99

- 3

0

0

, 20,000

99 99

, 50,000

99

- 4

0

0

exceeding 50,000 gallons

■ .

- 5

0

0

Note .—In the case of a solid substance for which by virtue

of an Order in Council made under section nineteen of this Act,

a licence is required to be granted under the said section, the

fee payable under this schedule shall be calculated as if ten

pounds weight of the substance were equivalent to one gallon.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Test Apparatus to be used and Manner of testing

Petroleum therewith so as to ascertain the

Temperature at which it will jghve off Inflammable Vapour.

Part I.

Specification of the Test Apparatus.

General.

The apparatus to be employed shall be the Abel Petroleum

Testing apparatus or the Abel apparatus modified by having

an oil cup provided with a stirrer. It shall be constructed to

the dimensions herein specified within the limits of accuracy

. prescribed by the tolerances set forth below.

1928. Petroleum Ch. 32.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

• The Oil Cup.

The oil' cup .consists of a cylindrical vessel open at the top

and fitted on the outside with a flat circular flange projecting

at right angles.

Within the cup, fixed through the wall and silver soldered

u or brazed in place, there is a gauge consisting of a piece of wire

bent upwards and terminating in a point.

Material:—brass or gunmetal.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Cup, wall and bottom thickness ...

17 I.W.G.

, internal diameter ....

2"

±0-05 '

, internal depth.

2-2 '

±0-05 '

Flange, thickness.

17 I.W.G.

, width.

0-5"

±0-05 '

, distance of upper side from top edge

0-375 '

±0-05 '

of cup.

Gauge, thickness, not less than -

10 I.W.G.

, distance of point from level of upper

0-7* '

±0-005 '

edge of cup.

The Cover.

The cup is provided with a close-fitting cover with a downward projecting rim barely reaching the flange on the cup.

The downward projecting rim is made solid -with the top or

silver soldered or brazed in place. Upon the cover are mounted a

thermometer socket, trunnions to support an oil-test lamp, a pair

of guides in which a slide moves, and a white bead. The top of the

cover is pierced by three rectangular holes symmetrically placed

on a diameter, one in the centre and the other two as close as

practicable to the inner sides of the cover-rim and opposite each

other. These three holes are covered or uncovered by means

of a slide moving in suitably disposed guides. The slide has two

perforations, one corresponding in all particulars to the centre

hole in the cover and the other to one of the holes at the side.

The movement of the slide is restricted by suitable stops, and its

length and the disposition of the holes are such, that at the outer

extremity of the movement of the slide, the holes in the cover

are simultaneously just completely opened and at the inner

extremity of the movement of the slide they are completely

closed.

The trunnions supporting the test lamp are fixed on the

top of the guides and the lamp is mounted in the trunnions so

that it is free to oscillate. The lamp is provided with a jet to

contain a wick and is so # arranged that when the slide is moved

so as to uncover the holes, the oscillating lamp is caught by a

T

289

2nd Sch.

—cont.

290

Ch. 32.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

2nd Son. pia fi xe(i in the slide and tilted over the central hole in such

— cont. a way that the lower edge of the cover bisects the circle

formed by the bore of the jet when in the lowest position.

The flame then occupies a central position within the hole in

both directions.

A suitably mounted gas-jet may be substituted for the lamp.

The thermometer socket is in the form of a split tube, mounted

on a diameter at right angles to the diameter through the

centres of the holes, and fitted at such an angle as to bring the

bulb of the thermometer, when in place, vertically below the

centre of the cover and at the correct distance from it.

A white bead, the dimensions of which represent the size of

test flame to be used, is mounted in a visible position on the cover.

Materials :—all parts excepting bead :—brass or gun-metal,

bead:—ivory or other suitable material.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Cover, thickness -

0 05"

+0-015"

, central hole, length (in direction of slide).

0-5 '

±0-005 '

, width

0-4',

±0-005"

, peripheral holes length (in

direction of slide).

0-2"

±0-005"

width

0-3 '

±0-005"

Slide, thickness -

20 I.W.G.

, width of upper surface

0-5"

+0-01 '

(excess only).

Lamp. Overall length of jet

Approx. 0 6 *

To suit the requirements for the

position of jet

when tilted.

, Bore of jet at end -

0-0625 '

±0-005 '

Bead. Diameter

Thermometer Socket:

0-16"

±0-01 '

Internal diameter -

0-6"

±0-01 '

Length of short side measured

from under surface of cover.

Approx. 0-5 '

Length of long side measured

from under surface of cover.

Approx. 0-75"

Distance of centre of socket

from centre of cover measured on the underside.

These dimensions are subject

to the correct placing of the thermometer when in

position.

Approx. 0 7 '

Vertical depth of lowest part

of thermometer below centre

1-5 '

±0-1 '

of under-side of cover.

1928.

Petroleum

(i Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Ch. 32.

291

Cover fitted vrith stirrer.

Provision may be made in the cover for the reception of a

stirrer which projects into the oil cup, for use with viscous

materials only.

A bush is mounted on the cover in a position diametrically

Opposite the thermometer mounting and its length is such and it

is set at such an angle that the stirrer rod clears the oil-level

gauge and the blades operate below the level of and without

fouling the thermometer bulb. The bush is placed as near as

practicable to the outer edge of the cover.

The stirrer consists of a round stem having four blades or

vanes silver soldered in place at one end. A collar is fixed on the

stem so that when the stem is inserted into the bush from below,

it is arrested at a position such that the correct length protrudes

into the oil cup. The top end of the stem is reduced and screwed.

A long sleeve having an internally screwed, knurled knob

soldered to its upper end, is passed over the upper end of the stem

and screwed home. The length of the sleeve is such that a flatfaced collar at its lower end just comes into contact with the upper

end of the bush, leaving the stirrer free to rotate without

appreciable vertical play.

A flat-headed cylindrical plug is provided for insertion in

the bush when the stirrer is not in use.

Materialbrass or gun-metal.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Stem, length overall ....

4 '

±0-1

, , Lower end to point of attach-

Approx. 0-1 '

ment of blades.

, , Lower end to upper surface of

1-9 '

±0-1 '

collar.

s, , Upper surface of collar to

2 '

±0-1 '

lower end of thread.

, , Diameter of stem

Approx. 0* 125 '

, , , of collar

Approx. 0-25 '

, Thread.

7 B A

Blades, Thiokness.

17 I.W.G.

, Length excluding root -

0-5 '

±0-01 '

, Breadth (all comers of blades

±0-01 '

rounded).

(0-3125').

, Blade angle.....

Approx. 45°

Sleeve. Length, to suit stem, giving free

rotation with no appreciable

vertical play when screwed home.

Diameter of bore .....

Sliding fit on

stem.

Diameter of collar -

Approx.0-25 '

2nd Sch.

— cont.

292

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Ch. 32. Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Heating Vessel.

The heating vessel or bath consists of two flat-bottomed

cylindrical copper vessels placed coaxially one inside the other

and soldered at their tops to a flat copper ring, greater in outside

diameter than the larger vessel and of smaller inside diameter

than the smaller vessel. The space between the two vessels is

thus totally enclosed and is used as a water jacket.

An ebonite or fibre ring of right-angle section is fitted into

the hole in the centre of the flat ring forming the top of the

bath and, when the apparatus is in use, the oil cup fits into,

and its flange rests upon, this ebonite or fibre ring so that the

oil cup is centrally disposed within the heating vessel. The

ebonite or fibre ring is secured in place by means of six small

screws having their heads sunk below the surface of the ring,

to avoid metallic contact between the bath and the oil cup.

A split socket, similar to that on the cover of the oil cup,

but set vertically, allows a thermometer to be inserted into the

water-space. A funnel and overflow pipe also communicate with

the water-space through the top plate and two loop handles are

provided thereon.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Inner vessel:

Thickness ....

24 I.W.G.

Internal diameter ...

3 *

±0-05 *

Internal depth ...

' 2-5 *

±0-05 '

Outer vessel:

Thickness, not less than -

24 I.W.G.

Internal diameter -

5-6 '

±0-1 *

Internal depth ...

5-75 *

±0-1 *

Top plate:

Thickness, not less than -

20 I.W.G.

Outer flange projection -

0-375 '

±0-1 '

Diameter of central hole

To suit ebonite or

Ebonite or fibre ring:

Internal diameter ...

fibre ring. Clearance

not to exceed 0-1*.

Easy fit on oil cup

External diameter of flange -

2-75"

±0-02 *

Overall depth of spigot -

0-25 *

±0-02 *

Thickness, flange and spigot -

0-08 *

±0 005 *

Screws, C.S. -

8 B.A. X 0-16 *

Thermometer socket:

Internal diameter -

0-6 *

±0-01 *

Height from top of plate

0-75 *

±0-05 '

The bath rests upon a cast-iron tripod stand, to the ring of

> which is attached a cylindrical copper jacket not less than

1928. Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928. Ch. 32.

293

24 I.W.G. flanged inwards at the top, and of such dimensions

that the bath, while resting firmly on the iron ring, just touches

with its outward projecting flange the inward-turned flange of the jacket. Two handles are provided on the outer jacket.

Diameter of the outer jacket 6-5 inches + 0-1 inches.

Spirit Lamp.

I

A spirit lamp is provided for raising the temperature of the

water bath, but any other means approved by the Board of

Trade may be employed for this purpose.

Thermometers.

Two thermometers are provided with the apparatus, the one

for ascertaining the temperature of the bath, the other for

determining the flashing point.

Oil Cup Thermometer.

- Mercury in glass, nitrogen filled, graduated, on

the stem, enamel back.

- Approximately 9 inches.

- Diameter 0• 24 inches to 0 28 inches.

- Spherical: made of a normal glass approved by

the Board of Trade.

Diameter, 0*36 inches ±0-05 inches.

- 50 degrees Fahrenheit to 150 degrees Fahrenheit

with expansion chamber. Distance from the

bottom of the bulb to the 50 degree line 2’75

inches to 3*15 inches. Distance from the

50 degree line to the 150 degree line not less

than 4*75 inches.

- A swelling is made in the stem to ensure that

the thermometer shall be fixed in its brass

collar so that the distance from the top of the

collar to the bottom of the bulb is 2-4 inches

+ 0*05 inches.

- Scale graduated in 1 degree Fahrenheit divisions.

Every fifth degree and tenth degree to be

indicated by longer lines. Figured at every

tenth degree in full.

- " Abel Oil Cup ":Identification number:" Fahrenheit ":Maker’s or Vendor’s name or trade

mark.

Water Bath Thermometer.

- Mercury in glass, nitrogen filled, graduated on

the stem, enamel back.

- Approximately 9 inches.

Type -

Length -

Stem

Bulb -

Range -

Immersion

Graduation

Marking

Type -

Length -

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Diameter, O'24 inches to 0*28 inches.

Cylindrical: mado-of a normal glass approved by

the Board of Trade. Length approximately

0*8 inches. Diameter not to exceed the

diameter of the stem.

90 degrees Fahrenheit to 190 degrees Fahrenheit

with expansion chamber. Distance from the

bottom of the bulb to the 90 degree line 3 95

inches to 4*35 inches. Distance from the 90

degree line to the 190 degree line not less than

3 55 inches.

A swelling is made in the stem to ensure that the

thermometer shall be fixed in its brass collar

so that the distance from the top of the

collar to the bottom of the bulb is 3*6 inches

+ 0*1 inches.

Scale graduated in 1 degree Fahrenheit divisions.

Every fifth degree and tenth degree to be

indicated by longer lines. Figured at every

tenth degree in full.

" Abel Water Bath ":Identification number:

" Fahrenheit ":Maker’s or Vendor’s name or

trade mark.

The brass collar of the thermometer is in eaoh case of the

following dimensions :—

Outside diameter - push fit in socket.

Thickness of tube - 22 I.W.G.

Thickness of flange - 0*1 inches. + 0*001 inches.

Note. —A model apparatus is deposited at the Standards

Department of the Board of Trade.

Section 23. Part II.

Manner of Testing Petroleum.

1. For the purposes of this Act petroleum shall be tested

either by means of apparatus constructed in accordance with the

specification contained in Part I of this Schedule, or by means

of apparatus constructed in accordance with the specification

contained in the First Schedule to the Petroleum Act, 1879, and

verified and stamped by the Board of Trade.

2. The test apparatus shall be placed for use in a position

where it is not exposed to currents of air or draughts.

3. The heating vessel or water-bath shall be filled by

pouring water into the funnel until it begins to flow out at the

spout of the vessel. The temperature of the water at the

beginning of the test shall be 130 degrees Fahrenheit and no

294 Ch. 32.

2nd Sch. Stem

~ cont - Bulb -

Range - -

Immersion -

Graduation -

Marking

1928.

Petroleum

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Ch. 32.

295

heat shall be applied to the water-bath during the test. When

a test has been completed and it is desired to make another test

the water-bath shall be again raised to 130 degrees Fahrenheit

which may conveniently be done while the petroleum cup is

being emptied, cooled and refilled with a fresh sample to be

tested. The next test is then proceeded with.

4. If an oil test-lamp is being used it shall be prepared

by fitting it with a piece of flat plaited candle-wick, ' and

filling it with colza or rape-oil up to the lower edge of the

opening of the spout or wick tube. The lamp shall be trimmed

so that when lighted it gives a flame of about 0*16 of an inch

diameter, and this size of flame, which is represented by the

projecting white bead on the cover of the oil-cup, is readily

maintained by simple manipulation from time to time with

a small wire tr imme r. A gas test-lamp may be employed, and

if so, the size of the jet of flame shall be adjusted to the size laid

down above.

6. The bath having been raised to the proper temperature,

the cup shall be placed on a level surface in a good light and the

oil to be tested shall be poured into it, until the level of the liquid

just reaches the point of the gauge which is fixed in the cup.

Before a test is begun the temperature of the oil shall be

determined and shall be brought to approximately 60 degrees

Fahrenheit. The cover, with the slide closed, shall then be put

on to the cup and pressed down so that its edge rests on the rim

of the cup, and the cup shall be placed into the bath or heating

vessel, every care being taken to avoid wetting the sides of the cup with the oil. The thermometer in the lid of the cup

has been adjusted so as to have the correct immersion when

the brass collar of the thermometer is properly seated, and its

position shall not in any circumstances be altered. When the

cup has been placed in the proper position, the scale of the

thermometer faces the operator.

6. The test-lamp shall then be placed in position upon the

lid of the cup. When the temperature has reached 66 degrees

Fahrenheit the operation of testing shall be begun, the test flame

being applied once for every rise of one degree, in the following

manner:—

The slide shall be slowly drawn open while a metronome,

set so as to beat at the rate of 76 to 80 beats in the

minute, beats three times and shall be closed during the

fourth beat. A pendulum of 24 inches effective length

may be used in place of the metronome, counting one

beat from one extremity of the swing to the other.

2nd Scht.

— cont.

296 Ch. 32, 33. Petroleum 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Consolidation) Act, 1928.

Section 26. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

1

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict.

The Petroleum Act, 1871

The whole Act.

c. 105.

42 & 43 Vict.

The Petroleum Act, 1879

The whole Act.

c. 47.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 4.

The Pees (Increase) Act,

1923.

Section four.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

The Petroleum Act, 1926

The whole Act.

c. 25.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

The Petroleum (Amend-

The whole Act.

c. 20.

ment) Act, 1928.

ii

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend the law relating to the

closing of shops; and for purposes connected

therewith.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Closing 1 . — (1)Every shop shall, save as otherwise provided

hours. by this Act, be closed for the serving of customers not

later than nine o’clock in the evening on one day in the

week (in this Act referred to as " the late day "), and

not later than eight o’clock in the evening on any

other day in the week, and those hours are in this Act

referred to as the " general closing hours."

(2) The late day shall be Saturday unless the local

authority by order fix some other day as the late day.

297

1928. Shops {Hours of Ch. 33.

Cbsing) Act, 1928.

and any such order may fix the same day for all shops,

or may fix—

(a) different days for different classes of shops; or

(b) different days for different parts of the district;

* or

(c) different days for different periods of the year:

Provided that, where the local authority have under

the Shops Act, 1912 (hereinafter referred to as " the

principal Act "), fixed any day as the weekly half-holiday

for any class of shop, or for any part of their district, or

for any period of the year, they shall, as respects that

class, part, or period, fix some other day as the late day.

- (3) Nothing in this Act or in any closing order

made under the principal Act shall prevent—

(a) the serving of a customer where it is proved

that the customer was in the shop before the

closing hour, or that reasonable grounds existed

for believing that the article supplied after the

closing hour to a customer was required in the

case of illness; or

(b) any transaction mentioned in the First Schedule

to this Act.

2. Subject as hereinafter provided, as respects the

trade or business of selling table waters, sweets, chocolates, or other sugar confectionery or ice cream, the

general closing hours shall be ten o’clock in the evening

on the late day and half-past nine o’clock in the evening

on any other day:

Provided that a local authority may, in their area

or in any part thereof, by order substitute for either of the general closing hours hereinbefore in this section

mentioned an earlier hour, not being earlier than eight

o’clock in the evening, if they are satisfied that such an

order is desired by the occupiers of a majority of the

shops to be affected by the order.

3. As respects the trade or business of selling tobacco

and smokers’ requisites, a looal authority may, in their

area or in any part thereof, by order substitute for the

general closing hours fixed by this Act later hours, not

being later than ten o’clock in the evening on the late

day or half-past nine o’clock in the evening on any other

day, if they are satisfied that such an order is desired

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

o. 3.

Special provisions as to

confectionery.

Special provisions as to

tobacco and

smokers ’

requisites.

298

Ch. 33.

Shops (Hours of 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Closing) Act, 1928.

Saving as

to closing

orders.

Power to

grant exemption in

respect

of exhibitions.

Special provisions as

to holiday

resorts and

sea fishing

centres.

by the occupiers of at least two-thirds in number of the

shops to be affected by the order.

4. Save as in this Act otherwise expressly provided,

nothing in this Act shall affect—

(a) any closing order in force at the commencement

of this Act fixing closing hours earlier than the

general closing hours fixed by or under the

provisions of this Act; or

(b) the power of a local authority by a closing

order made and confirmed in manner provided

by the principal Act to fix, subject to the

limits imposed by that Act, closing hours

earlier than the general closing hours fixed by

or under the provisions of this Act:

Provided that any closing order, whether made

before or after the commencement of this Act, shall be

of no effect in so far as it authorises sales after the

general closing hours fixed by or under the provisions

of this Act or contains provisions inconsistent with the

provisions of this Act. •

5. —(1) As respects any retail trade or business

carried on at an exhibition or show within the area

of a local authority, the local authority may by order

substitute for the general closing hours fixed by or under

this Act, or for any closing hour fixed by a closing order

made under the principal Act, later hours, not being later

than ten o’clock in the evening, if they are satisfied that

the retail trade or business so carried on is subsidiary or

ancillary only to the main purpose of the exhibition or

show.

(2) Any order under this section shall be made

subject to such conditions as the local authority may

consider necessary for securing that shop assistants

affected by the order shall not be employed in or

about the retail trade or business to which the order

relates for more than such number of hours as may

be specified by the order.

6. —(1) In places frequented as holiday resorts

during certain seasons of the year, and in places where

sea fishing is principally carried on during certain seasons

of the year, the local authority shall by order, during

such period as may be specified in the order, substitute

for the general closing hours fixed by or under this Act

1928. Shops (Hours of Ch. 33. 299

Closing) Act, 1928.

such later hours as they may think fit if, upon application being made to them for an order under this section,

they are satisfied that such an order is desired by the

occupiers of a majority of the shops to be affected by the

order:

Provided that the local authority shall not in any

year by orders under this subsection substitute later

hours for the closing hours fixed by this Act for periods

exceeding four months in the aggregate in that year.

(2) Any order under this section—

(a) may be made so as to apply to the whole or

to any part of the area of the local authority, and to all shops, or to shops of any

class, within that area or part; and

(b) shall be made subject to such conditions as

the local authority may consider necessary

for securing that shop assistants affected

by the order shall not be employed in or

about the business of a shop for more than

such number of hours as may be specified

by the order; and

(<*.) may suspend the operation of any closing

order made under the principal Act which

is, for the time being, in force in the area

of the local authority.

(3) If, while orders made under this section are

in force, any shop assistant affected by any such order

is, in any year, employed in or about the business of a

shop for extra hours, he shall, subject to the provisions

of the Second Schedule to this Act, be entitled to corresponding holidays, calculated in accordance with the

provisions of that Schedule, with full wages; and if at

the date of the termination of his employment or at the

end of the year, whichever first occurs, default has been

made in granting to him any holiday or wages to which

he is entitled under this subsection, the shop assistant

may recover as a debt due from the employer for every

day s holiday in respect of which such default has been

made a sum equal to one-sixth of the highest weekly

rate of wages paid to him in respect of his employment

in or about the business of the shop during the year or

the part thereof during which he has been employed

therein.

300

Cel 33.

Shops (Hours of 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Closing) Act, 1928.

Power to

suspend

operation

Act and

closing

orders on

special

occasions.

Offences.

(4) For the purposes of this Act—

" Extra hours " means? in relation to any shop

assistant, hours in excess of the customary

working day, being hours after the general

closing hours fixed by or under this Act

otherwise than by an order made under

this section;

"Customary working day" means, in relation

to any shop assistant, the daily number of

hours during which shop assistants of his

class are, while unaffected by any order

made under this section, customarily employed in or about the business of the shop

. in which he is employed;

ft

" Full wages " means, in relation to any holiday granted to a shop assistant, wages at a

rate equivalent to the rate of wages to

which he was entitled immediately before

the holiday.

7. —(1) The Secretary of State 1 'may by order for

such periods as he thinks fit suspend the operation of the

provisions of this Act relating to general closing horns

during the Christmas season or in connection with any

other special occasion, and while any order made under

this subsection is in force the provisions of any closing

order made under the principal Act shall be deemed to

be suspended except in so far as may be otherwise

directed by the order of the Secretary of State.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, a local authority

may, in connection with any special occasion, by order

suspend the operation of the provisions of this Act

relating to general closing hours and the provisions of

any closing order made by them under, the principal

Act for such period as they may think fit:

Provided that a local authority shall not in any

year by orders under this subsection suspend the operation of the said provisions for more than seven days in

the aggregate in that year.

8. In the case of any contravention of or failure to

comply with any of the provisions of this Act or of a

closing order made under the principal Act, or in the case

of any breach of a condition imposed by any order made

1928.

Shops (Hours of

Closing) Act, 1928.

Ch. 33.

301

under this Act, the occupier of the shop shall be guilty of

an offence against the principal Act and liable to a fine

not exceeding—

(a) iD the case of a first offence, five pounds;

(b) in the case of a second or subsequent offence,

twenty pounds.

9. The amendments in the second column of the

Third Schedule to this Act (being consequential amendments and amendments relating to matters of minor

detail) shall be made in the provisions of the principal

Act specified in the first column of that Schedule.

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Shops (Hours

of Closing) Act, 1928, and this Act and the Shops Acts,

1912 and 1913, may be cited together as the Shops Acts,

1912 to 1928.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the principal Act shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by this Act,

and this Act shall be construed as one with the Shops

Acts, 1912 and 1913.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) The enactments mentioned in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Transactions not prevented by this Act or by Closing Orders made under the

- Principal Act.

1. The sale after the closing hour of—

(a) meals or refreshments (including table waters, sweets,

chocolates, sugar confectionery, and ice cream), for

consumption on the premises, or (in the case of meals

or refreshments sold on railway premises) for consumption on the trains:

Consequential

and minor

amendments

of 2 Geo. 6.

c. 3.

Short title,

citation,

construction, extent

and repeal.

Section 1.

302

Ch. 33.

Shops (Hours of

Closing) Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

1st Soh.

— com.

Provided that—

(i) in the case of canteens attached to and

situated within or in the immediate vicinity of

any works, if persons are employed at such

works after the closing hour, and the canteen

is kept open only for the use of such persons,

meals or refreshments may be sold after the

closing hour for consumption anywhere within

the works premises; and *

(ii) for the purposes of the foregoing provisions

tobacco supplied at a meal for immediate consumption shall be deemed to form part of the

meal;

(b) newly cooked provisions and cooked or partly cooked

tripe to be consumed off the premises;

(c) intoxicating liquors to be consumed on or off the

premises;

(d) tobacco, table water or matches on licensed premises

during the hours during which intoxicating liquor is

permitted by law to be sold on the premises;

(e) tobacco, matches; table waters; // sweets, chocolates, or '

other sugar confectionery or ice cream, at any time

during the performance in any theatre, cinema, music

hall, or other similar place of entertainment so long

as the sale is to a bon& fide member of the audience

and in a part of the building to which no other

members of the public have access;

(f) medicine or medical or surgical appliances, so long as

the shop is kept open only for such time as is

necessary for serving the customer;

(g) newspapers, periodicals and books from the bookstalls of such terminal and main line stations as

may be approved by the Secretary of State;

(h) aircraft, motor, or cycle, supplies or accessories for

immediate use, so long as the shop is kept open

only for such time as is necessary for serving the

customer;

(i) victuals, stores, or other necessaries required by any

naval military or air force authority for His Majesty’s

forces or required for any ship on her arrival at or

immediately before her departure from a port, so

long as the shop is kept open only for such time

as is necessary for serving the oustomer.

2. The transaction after the closing hour of any post office

business.

1928.

Shops (Hours of

Closing) Act, 1928.

Ch. 33.

303

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Method of Calculating the Holidays to •which,

any Shop Assistant is entitled under Subsection (3)

of Section six of this Act.

1. The number of extra hours for which a shop assistant

has been employed in or about the business of the shop while

any one or more orders have been in force under section six of this Act shall be added together, any fraction of an hour not

exceeding half being treated as half an hour, and any fraction of

an hour exceeding half being treated as an hour.

2. For the pin-poses of this Schedule the number of hours

comprised in the customary working day on days other than

half holidays shall be taken as the standard unit.

3. The aggregate number of the extra hours, as calculated

in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of this Schedule

shall be divided by the standard unit, and the quotient, fractions

thereof being disregarded, shall be the number of the days ’

holiday to which the shop assistant shall be entitled.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Consequential and Minor Amendments of the Shops Act, 1912.

Enactments

amended. Amendment.

Section 9 - For the words "to such exemptions and conditions

(if any) as may be contained in closing orders "

there shall be substituted the words "in so far as

" the prohibition is affected by any closing order,

to such exemptions and conditions, if any, as

" may be contained in the order."

Section 6.

Section 9.

304

Ch. 33.

Shops (Hours of 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Closing) Act, 1928.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Section 10.

Enactments

amended. Amendment.

Section 10 - The following subsection shall be inserted after

subsection (1):—

" (1a) Where several trades and businesses

" are carried on in the same shop and any of

" those trades or businesses consist only of

" transactions* of such a nature that if they

" were the only transactions carried on in the

" shop the provisions of this Act relating to

" general closing hours would not apply to the

. " shop, the shop may be kept open after the

" general closing hour for the purposes of

" those transactions alone, subject, however,

" to such Conditions as may be prescribed ";

and in subsection (3) for the word "under "

there shall be substituted the words "or any

" proportion or number of occupiers or of shops

" for the purposes of "

Section 11 - The following subsection shall be inserted after

subsection (1):—

(Ia) Any order made 1 under this section may

be made so as to apply to the whole or to any

part of the area of the local authority, and to

all shops, or to shops of any class, within that

area or part.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

Extent of Repeal.

2 Geo. 5. c. 3 -

The Shops Act, 1912

In section five, sub-seo-

tiops (4) and (5) thereof; in section twelve,

paragraph (c) of subsection (1) thereof;

and the Third Schedule.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

The Shops (Early Closing)

The whole Act.

o. 58.

Act, 1920.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.

c. 60.

The Shops (Early Closing)

Act, 1920 (Amendment) Act, 1921.

The whole Act.

1928.

Reorganisation of Offices

(Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 34.

305

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to provide for the transference of the

respective powers and duties of the Scottish

Board of Health, the Board of Agriculture for

Scotland, and the Prison Commissioners fox

Scotland, to Departments of Health and Agriculture and a Prisons Department for Scotland,

and to make further provision with regard to

the office of Chairman of the Fishery Board

for Scotland and other offices in Scotland, and

with regard to the Public Registers, Records

and Rolls of Scotland. O [3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) On the appointed day, the Scottish Board

of Health, the Board of Agriculture for Scotland, and

the Prison Commissioners for Scotland shall cease to exist,

and the powers and duties of the said Boards (in which

expression the Prison Commissioners for Scotland are

included) shall be respectively transferred to and vested

in a Department of Health for Scotland, a Department

of Agriculture for Scotland, and a Prisons Department

for Scotland, acting under the control and direction of

one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and

consisting of a secretary and such other officers and

servants as the Secretary of State with the consent of the Treasury may determine. The offices of the said

Departments shall be situated in Edinburgh.

(2) On any transfer under this section of the powers

and duties of a Board to a Department the appointed

members of and the persons employed under the Board

shall be transferred and attached to the Department, and

shall perform such duties in relation to the business of the Department as the Secretary of State may direct,

provided that such members and persons shall be in

no worse position as regards tenure of office, salary or

U

Substitution of

Departments for

Boards of

Health and

Agriculture

and Prison

Commissioners for

Scotland.

306 Ch. 34. Reorganisation of Offices 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1928.

superannuation allowance than they would have been if

this Act had not passed.

(3) His Majesty may by Order in Council make

such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions, and, such adaptations in the enactments relating

to any powers and duties transferred to a Department

under this section, as may be necessary or expedient for

the purpose of giving full effect to the transfer of such

powers and duties, and of making them exercisable by

the Department and the officers thereof.

(4) On any transfer of powers and duties to a

Department under this subsection—

(a) the Department shall, subject as aforesaid, be

substituted for the Board in the construction

and for the purposes of any Act of Parliament,

decree, order, byelaw, regulation, contract,

deed, or other document passed, made or

executed, or of any action or proceeding raised

before such transfer:

Provided that, in any enactment relating t6

the appointment by the Board of secretaries,

officers, inspectors, clerks, servants or other

persons, a reference to the Board shall be

construed as a reference to the Secretary of

State; and

(b) all property belonging to or vested in or held

in trust for the Board shall pass to and vest

in and be held in trust for the Department,

subject to all debts and liabilities affecting the

same.

(5) The following provisions shall apply to each

of the Departments mentioned in subsection (1) of this

section :—

(a) The Department shall be a body corporate

with power to hold land so far as may be

necessary for the purposes of the powers and

duties transferred to or conferred or imposed

on them by this or any Act, and shall have

an official seal which shall be officially and

judicially noticed and which shall be authenticated by the signature of the secretary or other

officer of the Department authorised by the

Secretary of State to act in that behalf:

1928.

Reorganisation of Offices

(Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 34.

307

(b) The Department may sue and be sued in the

name by which it is referred to in the first

subsection of this section, and may for all

purposes be described by that name, and service

on the Department of all legal proceedings and

notices shall be effected by service on the

secretary of the Department:

(c) Any act to be done or deed to be signed or

instrument to be executed by or on behalf of the Department may be done, signed or executed

in the name of the Department by the secretary

or other officer of the Department authorised

by the Secretary of State to act in that behalf:

(d) Every document purporting to be an order or

other instrument issued by the Department

and to be sealed with the seal of the Department authenticated in the manner provided by

this section or to be signed as aforesaid shall

be received in evidence and be deemed to be

such order or other instrument without further

proof unless the contrary is shown:

(e) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as 31 & 32 Vict.

amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, o. 37.

1882, shall apply to the Department as if the 45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict.

Department were mentioned in the first column c’ '

of the Schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and

as if the secretary or any officer of the Department authorised by the Secretary of State to

act in that behalf were mentioned in the second

column of that Schedule.

(6) The appointed day for the transfer of the powers

and duties and the abolition of any of the Boards under

subsection (1) of this section shall be such day as the

Secretary of State may appoint as regards that Board,

and the enactments respecting that Board set forth in

the first part of the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed

as from that day to the extent specified in the third

column of that Schedule.

2. No vacancy in the office of member of the Vacancies

Scottish Board of Health, or of the Board of Agriculture ^j"o ber '

for Scotland, or in the office of Prison Commissioner for Boards of

Scotland existing at the passing of this Act or occurring A^dcuitSe

thereafter, shall be filled, and so much of subsection (2) and in office

308

of Prison

Commissioner not

to be filled.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

Limitation

of office in

Fishery

Board to

five years

not to apply

to chairman.

58 & 59 Vict,

c. 42.

Office of

Deputy Clerk

Register to

cease.

Keeper of the Registers and

Records of

Scotland.

Ch. 34. Reorganisation of Offices 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1928.

of section three of the Scottish Board of Health Act,

1919, as requires that the first-mentioned Board shall

at all times include certain members having the qualifications therein set forth shall cease to have effect.

3. So much of subsection (1) of section four of the

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895, as provides

that the members of the Fishery Board for Scotland

shall hold office for five years, unless they sooner die or

resign office, shall cease to apply to the chairman of the

Board, and accordingly it shall be lawful for His Majesty

from time to time, on the recommendation of the

Secretary of State, to appoint a person to hold office as

a member and chairman of the Board during His Majesty’s

pleasure.

4. The present vacancy in the office of Deputy

Clerk Register shall not be supplied, and that .office shall

cease to exist.

5. —(1) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State

with the consent of the Lord President of the Court

of Session to appoint a Keeper 6f the Registers and

Records of Scotland, who shall receive out of moneys

to be provided by Parliament such salary as the

Treasury may fix, and on such appointment being

made there shall be transferred to and vested in such

Keeper the whole powers and duties of the Deputy

Clerk Register, and the whole powers and duties of the

Keeper of the General Register of Sasines, the Register

of Homings, the Register of Inhibitions and Adjudications and the Register of Entails (hereinafter referred

to as the Keeper of the General Register of Sasines),

and of the Keeper of the Register of Deeds.

(2) In the event of a vacancy in the office of Keeper

of the Registers and Records of Scotland, or in his

absence from any cause, the Secretary of State, may

authorise a member of the staff of any office the duties

whereof are vested by this Act in the said Keeper or

any other fit person to discharge the duties of the officer

for the time being.

(3) On the appointment of a Keeper of the Registers

and Records of Scotland, the offices of Keeper of the

General Register of Sasines and Keeper of the Register

of Deeds shall cease to exist, and the persons discharging

the duties of these offices and all persons employed

1928.

Reorganisation of Offices

(Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 34.

309

under them and in the Record Department at the date

of such appointment as aforesaid, shall be transferred

and attached to the office of the Keeper of the Registers

and Records of Scotland, and shall perform such duties

in relation "to the duties of the said office as the Secretary

* of State may direct: Provided that such keepers and

persons shall be in no worse position as regards tenure

of office, salary or superannuation allowance than they

would have been if this Act had not passed and the

vacancy in the office of Deputy Clerk Register had been

filled.

6. In the event of a vacancy in the office of Lord

Clerk Register, or in his absence from any cause, the

Principal Clerk of Session, or in the event of a vacancy

in that office, or in his absence from any cause, such

person as the Secretary of State may designate for .the

purpose, shall have and may exercise all the powers and

duties at or in connection with the election of representative peers of Scotland heretofore belonging to or

exercised or exercisable by the Lord Clerk Register:

Provided that the duties heretofore discharged by the

staff of the Record Department in connection with such

election shall continue so to be discharged.

7. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State

by order to direct that the office of Director of Chancery

shall be discontinued, and to provide for the exercise

and performance of any powers and duties of the said

Director by the Keeper of the Registers and Records of

Scotland, the Principal Extractor of the Court of Session,

the Sheriff Clerk of Chancery, or the sheriff clerks of

counties in such manner as may seem expedient to him

after consultation with the Lord President of the Court

of Session.

8. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State by

order to provide for the transfer of the powers and

duties of the office of Keeper of the Minute Book and

Record of Edictal Citations to the Principal Extractor

of the Court of Session, and upon such order taking

effect the said office and the office of clerk to the said

keeper shall be discontinued.

9. Any order made under either of the two immediately preceding sections may make provision for any

matter incidental to or consequential on any transfer

Principal

Clerk of

Session’s

duties at

election of

representa

tive peers.

Provision

for discontinuance

of the

office of

Director of

Chancery.

Office of

Keeper of the Minuto

Book and of

his clerk to

be discontinued.

Consequential provisions.

310 Ch. 34. Reorganisation of Offices 18 & 19 Geo. 5.,

(Scotland) Act, 1928.

of rights, authorities or ^duties thereby directed, including

any incidental or consequential adaptation or modification

of the provisions of any Act of Parliament.

10. Sections eighteen and twenty of the Court of

Session (No. 2) Act, 1838, in so far as they relate to the

appointment or employment by the Principal Extractor

of the Acts and Decrees of the Court of Session of an

Assistant and of Clerks are hereby repealed, and the

right of appointing the said Assistant shall be vested in

the Secretary of State, who may also appoint, with the

consent of the Treasury as to numbers and salaries, such

clerks in the office of the said principal extractor, as

may be deemed necessary. The salaries payable to any

clerks so appointed shall be paid out of moneys to be

provided by Parliament.

Amendment 11 . Section four of the National Galleries of Scotland

of 6 Edw. 7. Act, 1906 (which section relates to the constitution of

c. 50, s. 4. the Board of Trustees for the National Galleries of

Scotland), shall in so far as it requires certain members

of the Board to have the qualification therein set forth

cease to have effect.

Savings. 12. Nothing in this Act contained or done in

pursuance thereof shall affect any power or duty in

regard to the public registers, records and rolls of

Scotland, and the keepers and other officers thereof

at present vested in or exercised or exercisable by the

Treasury or the Court of Session.

13. In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires—

The expression "powers " includes rights, authorities

and privileges:

The expression "the Register of Deeds" means the

Register of Deeds, Probative Writings, Protests

and Certificates of Judgment in the Books of the Lords of Council and Session.

Repeals. 14. The enactments specified in the second part

of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the

extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

[Short title.] 15. This Act may be cited as the Reorganisation

of Offices (Scotland) Act, 1928.

Interpretation.

Appointment of

Assistant

Extractor

and Clerks.

1 & 2 Vict,

c. 118.

1928.

Reorganisation of Offices

(Scotland) Act, 1928.

Ch. 34.

311

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Section 1.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict.

The Prisons (Scot-

Section seven; section nine so

c. 53.

land) Act, 1877.

far as relating to salaries of the Prison Commissioners,

and in section ten the last

paragraph.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

The Small Land-

Subsection (1) of section four;

c. 49.

holders (Scotland)

Act, 1911.

subsection (2) of section four

so far as relating to the issue

of instructions or regulations

by the Secretary of State;

subsections (8) and (9) of

section four so far as relating

to members of the Board.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Scottish Board

Section one; section three so

c. 20.

of Health Act,

1919.

far as unrepealed, and

section seven.

Part II.

Section 14.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

31 & 32 Vict.

The Land Registers

In section twenty-five the

c. 64.

(Scotland) Act,

words " Lord Clerk Regis-

1868.

" ter."

42 & 43 Vict.

The Lord Clerk

In section four, the proviso

c. 44.

Register (Scotland),

Act, 1879.

and section five.

6 Edw. 7. c. 50.

The National Gal-

In section four the words from

leries of Scotland

" three of whom " to "in

Act, 1906.

" Scotland."

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Scottish Board

In section three the words

c. 20.

of Health Act,

from " and shall at all times"

1919.

to " years’ standing."

312

Ch. 35.

Easter Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Date of -

Easter-day.

24 Geo. 2.

c. 23.

25 Geo. 2.

c. 30.

Short title,

commence,

ment and

extent.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to regulate the date of Easter Day and

days or other periods and occasions depending

thereon! [3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

1. Easter-day shall, in the calendar year next but

one after the commencement of this Act and in all

subsequent years, be the first Sunday after the second

Saturday in April, and section three of the Calendar

(New Style) Act, 1750, the new calendar, tables and

rules annexed to that Act, and section two of the

Calendar Act, 1751, are hereby amended and shall be

read and construed accordingly, an<|, in particular, the>

Calendar (New Style) Act, 1750, shall, as respects such

calendar years as aforesaid, have effect as if in the

"Rules to know when the Moveable Feasts and Holy

Days begin" contained in that Act, for the words

" is always the first Sunday after the full moon which

" happens upon or next after the twenty-first day of

" March, and if the full moon happens upon a Sunday,

" Easter Day is the Sunday after, " there shall be substituted the words "is always the first Sunday after the

second Saturday in April."

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Easter Act,

1928.

(2) This Act shall commence and come into operation on such date as may be fixed by Order of His

Majesty in Council, provided that, before any such

Order in Council is made, a draft thereof shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament, and the Order shall

not be made unless both Houses by resolution approve

the draft either without modification or with modifications

to which both Houses agree, but upon such approval

being given the order may be made in the form in which

it has been so approved: Provided further that, before

, making such draft order, regard shall be had to any

1928. Easter Act, 1928. Ch. 35.

opinion officially expressed by any Church or other

Christian body.

(3) This Act shall extend to the United Kingdom,

the Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands, and Bis

Majesty in-Council may by Order extend this Act to any

other part of His Majesty’s dominions, except such parts

as are mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this ^ct,

and to any territory under His Majesty’s protection in

which His Majesty has jurisdiction, and to any territory

in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the League of

Nations has been accepted by His Majesty other than

the territories mentioned in Part II. of the said Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

British India.

The Dominion of Canada.

The Commonwealth of Australia (including Papua and

Norfolk Island).

The Dominion of New Zealand.

The Union of South Africa.

The Irish Free State.

Newfoundland.

Southern Rhodesia.

Malta.

Part II.

New Guinea.

Western Samoa.

South West Africa.

Nauru.

313

Section 2.

314

Ch. 36.

Naval Prize Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Transfer of

rights and

liabilities of the Naval

Prize Fund

to Consolidated Fund.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

c. 30.

Application

of balance

of Naval

Prize Fund,

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to make provision for winding up the

Naval Prize Fund and the dissolution of the

tribunal established under the Naval Prize

Act, 1918.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of enabling the Naval Prize

Fund established under the Naval Prize Act, 1918, to

be wound up, and the tribunal established thereunder to

be dissolved, there shall be transferred from the Naval

Prize Fund to the Exchequer—

(a) the right to receive any sums which but for

this Act would be payable into the Naval Prize

Fund under Part I of the Schedule to the Naval

Prize Act, 1918;

(b) the liability for all such costs, charges, expenses

and claims as are mentioned in Part II of the

said Schedule, and as would, but for this Act,

be chargeable on the Naval Prize Fund;

and the sums required for the payment of the costs,

charges, expenses and claims, the liability for which is

so transferred, shall be charged on and be payable out

of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof.

(2) In consideration for such transfer as aforesaid,

there shall be paid out of the Naval Prize Fund to the

Consolidated Fund the sum of one hundred and twenty-

six thousand five hundred pounds, being the amount

agreed between the Treasury and the Admiralty to

represent the net estimated amount of the liability

imposed on the Consolidated Fund by reason of such

transfer as aforesaid.

2. The balance of the Naval Prize Fund after the

payment of the said sum of one hundred and twenty-six

thousand five hundred pounds shall be applied by the

Admiralty in satisfaction of any claims for shares of

1928.

Naval Prize Act, 1928.

Ch. 36.

315

prize money which may hereafter be established and,

subject thereto, for the purposes specified in subsections (3) and (4) of section one of the Naval Prize

Act, 1918.

3. The tribunal established by the Naval Prize Act,

1918, shall be dissolved, and the records of the tribunal

and its seal shall be transferred to the Admiralty and

dealt with in such manner as the Admiralty may

direct.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Naval Prize

Act, 1928, and the Naval Prize Act, 1918, and this Act,

may be cited together as the Naval Prize Acts, 1918

and 1928.

(2) The provisions of the Naval Prize Act, 1918,

mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, are hereby

repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Naval Prize Act, 1918,

Repealed.

Subsection (1) of section one.

In subsection (2) of section one, the words "Subject to the

payment of such costs, charges, expenses and claims as aforesaid."

Section two.

Schedule.

Dissolution

of tribunal.

Short title,

construction

and repeal.

Section 4.

316

Ch. 37.

Post Office and 18 & 19 Geo. 5.,

Telegraph [Money) Act, 1928.

Grant for

development of

postal

telegraphic

and telephonic

systems.

4 Edw. 7.

c. 21.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 26.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to provide for raising further money for

the development of the postal, telegraphic and

telephonic systems.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Without prejudice to the exercise of any

powers previously given for the like purpose, the

Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the

United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof such

sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-

seven and a half million pounds, as may be required by

the Postmaster-General for developing, according to

estimates approved by the Treasury, the postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems. "

(2) The Treasury may, if they think fit, for the

purpose of providing money for sums so authorised to

be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or for repaying

to that fund all or any part of the sums so issued,

borrow by means of terminable annuities for a term not

exceeding twenty years, and all sums so borrowed shall

be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament for the service of the Post

Office, and if those moneys are insufficient shall be

charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, or

the growing produce thereof.

(4) The Treasury may also, if they think fit, for the

same purpose borrow money by means of the issue of

Exchequer Bonds, and the Capital Expenditure (Money)

Act, 1904, shall have effect as if this Act had been in

force at the time of the passing of that Act.

(5) Section five of the Telephone Transfer Act, 1911

(which relates to audit), shall have effect as if this Act

were included amongst the Acts therein mentioned.

2. This Act may be cited as the Post Office and

Telegraph (Money) Act, 1928.

Short title.

1928.

Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

Cn. 38.

317

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs

in the Isle of Man.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The duties of customs on wines removed or Duties on

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section one of wines,

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927, shall continue to 17 & 18

be payable as from the first day of August, nineteen Ge°. 5. c.20.

hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and tw r enty-nine.

2.—(1) On and from the eleventh day of June, Duty on

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, in lieu of the customs sweets,

duty theretofore payable on sweets, there shall, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine,

be payable on sweets removed or imported into the Isle

of Man a duty of customs at the rate of one shilling

and sixpence for every gallon.

(2) In this section the expression "sweets " means

any liquor which is made in Great Britain or Northern

Ireland from fruit and sugar, or from fruit or sugar

mixed with any other material, and which has undergone

a process of fermentation in the manufacture thereof,

and includes British wines, made wines, mead, and

metheglin.

3, The additional duties of customs on spirits Duties on

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by Bpirits.

section three of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1921, as & 12

amended by section three of the Isle of Man (Customs) 10 7 C ' 40 '

Act, 1926, shall continue to be payable as from the first (j eo 5 c 27

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,

until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine.

4. The additional duties of customs on ale or beer Duties on

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by ale or beer,

section two of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall 15 & 16

continue to be payable as from the first day of August, Geo. B '- c ‘ BG '

318

Ch. 38.

Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Duties on

hops.

Duties on

tobacco.

Duties on

matches.

Duties on

mechanical

lighters.

Duties on

cocoa.

14 & 15 ,

Geo. 5. o. 24.

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and-twenty-nine.

5. The duties of customs on hops, and extracts,

essences and other similar preparations made from

hops, removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed

by section five of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925,

shall continue to be payable as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

6 . The duties of customs on tobacco removed or

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section six of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927, shall continue to

be payable as from the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

’ 7. The duties of customs on matches removed or

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section seven

of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927, shall continue to

be payable as from the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, until th '6 first day of August

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

8 . —(1) On and from the eleventh day of June,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, there shall

be payable on any mechanical fighter removed or imported

into the Isle of Man and on any component part of a

mechanical fighter so removed or imported, other than a

flint, a duty of customs of sixpence:

Provided that the Commissioners may, subject to

such conditions (if any) as they think fit to impose,

exempt from duty under this section any mechanical

lighters which are shown to their satisfaction to be

intended to be used as parts of miners’- lamps, and the

component parts of any such mechanical fighters.

(2) In this section the expression "mechanical

lighter" means any mechanical or chemical contrivance

which is portable and is intended for producing a spark

or flame, whether by itself or when brought into contact

with gas.

9. The duties of customs on cocoa removed or

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section four of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924, shall continue to

1928.

Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

Ch. 38.

319

be payable as from the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

10 . The duties of customs on silk or artificial silk Duties on

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by silk -

section seven of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, as

amended by section eight of the Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1926, shall continue to be payable as from the first

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,

until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine.

11. The duty of customs on lace removed or Duty on

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section nine lace *

of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, as amended by

section ten of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926, and

section ten of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927, shall

continue to be payable as from the first day, of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day

of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

12. The duties of customs on motor cars, including Duties on

motor bicycles and motor tricycles, and their acces- motor oars,

sories and component parts, removed or imported

into the Isle of Man imposed by section six of the Isle of

Man (Customs) Act, 1925, as amended by section six of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926, and section eleven

of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927, shall continue to

be payable as from the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

13. The duties of customs on— Duties on

(a) musical instruments, including gramophones,

pianolas and other similar instruments; ments,

(b) accessories and component parts of musical clocks,

instruments, and records and other means of watches > &c

reproducing music; and

(c) clocks and watches, and component parts of

clocks and watches,

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

section six of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925,

320

Ch. 38.

Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Duties on

cinematograph films.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 29.

shall continue to be payable as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

14. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section

the duties of customs on cinematograph films removed

or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by section six

of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, as amended by

section twelve of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927,

shall continue to be payable as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

(2) The duties of customs imposed as aforesaid

shall cease to be payable in the case of a film which is

certified by the Royal Society of London for Promoting

Natural Knowledge to be solely an illustration of scientific* investigation for exhibition before members of a

recognised scientific body, and which is imported only

for the purpose of such exhibition free of charge.

(3) If any person exhibits, otherwise than as aforesaid, any film which is exempted from duty under the

last foregoing subsection, he shall be liable on conviction

for the offence, prosecuted in the manner in which

offences punishable on summary conviction may for the

time being be prosecuted in the Isle of Man, to a fine

not exceeding fifty pounds in respect of each offence.

(4) Subject to compliance with such conditions as

the Commissioners may by regulations prescribe, any

negative cinematograph films which are certified by the

Board of Trade to satisfy the requirements of subsection (3) of section twenty-seven of the Cinematograph

Films Act, 1927 (which prescribes what films shall be

deemed to be British films for the purposes of that Act),

and parts of any films so certified shall, "for the purpose

of the customs duties imposed as aforesaid, be treated

as if they were blank film.

(5) Subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall be

deemed to have had effect as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and subsection (4) of this section shall be deemed to have had

effect as from the eleventh day of June, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight.

1928.

Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

Ch. 38.

321

15. The duties of customs on cutlery, gloves and Duties on

mantles for incandescent lighting removed or imported cutlery,

into the Isle of Man imposed by section fourteen of the § love f a d

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926, shall continue to be for

payable as from the first day of August, nineteen descent

hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of August, lighting,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

16. The duty of customs on translucent or vitrified Duty on

pottery removed or imported into the Isle of Man translucent

imposed by section fourteen of the Isle of Man (Customs) ° r nitrified

Act, 1927, shall continue to be payable as from the first po ery "

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until

the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine.

17. — (1) On and from the eleventh day of June, Duties on

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of buttons and

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, there shall enamelled

be payable on buttons removed or imported into the hollow '

Isle of Man (not being buttons manufactured in Great ware ’

Britain or Northern Ireland), a duty of customs of an

amount equal to thirty-three and one-third per cent, of the value of the goods.

(2) On and from the thirteenth day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, there shall

be payable on wrought enamelled hollow-ware removed

or imported into the Isle of Man (not being hollow-ware

manufactured in Great Britain or Northern Ireland), a

duty of customs of an amount equal to twenty-five per

cent, of the value of the goods.

(3) In this section the expression "buttons " means

buttons made of any material, and whether finished or

unfinished, of a description commonly used for the

fastening or decorating of wearing apparel or household

linen, not being buttons forming part of any other

article, and the expression "wrought enamelled hollow-

ware" means wrought enamelled hollow-ware, whether

of iron or steel, of a description commonly used for

domestic purposes.

(4) The provisions of subsections (2), (3) and (5) of

section fourteen of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926,

shall apply to the goods chargeable with duty under this

section and to the duties imposed by this section as they

X

322

Ch. 38.

Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Duty on

hydrocarbon oils

a pply to the articles chargeable with duty under that

section and to the duties imposed by that section, and

the provisions of section ten of the Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1925 (which relates to the definition of value for

the purposes of ad valorem duties), shall apply for the

purposes of the assessment and collection of duties under

this section as they apply for the purposes of the assessment and collection of duties under that Act.

18. — (1) On and from the eleventh day of June,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the first day

of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, a customs

duty at the rate of fourpence per gallon shall be payable

on all hydrocarbon oils removed or imported into the

Isle of Man (not being oils manufactured or produced in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland otherwise than by

refiring hydrocarbon oils imported into Great Britain or

Northern Ireland).

(2) There shall be allowed from the duties payable

under this section a rebate at the rate of fourpence pei;

gallon on the delivery for home consumption of any

goods other than fight oils.

(3) If on an application made for the purposes of this subsection by the owner of a fishing boat entered in

the fishing boat register it appears to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the applicant has at any time

within the period of six months preceding the date of

his application, or within such longer period preceding

that date as the Commissioners may in any special case

allow, used any quantity of hydrocarbon oil on board

the boat, he shall be entitled to obtain from the Commissioners repayment of any duty which has been paid

in respect of the oil so used:

Provided that—

(a) an application for the purposes of this subsection must be made in such manner as the

Commissioners may prescribe; and

(b) no person who has previously made an application under this subsection for repayment

of duty shall be entitled to make a further

application until the expiration of at least

three months from the date on which the

last preceding application was made.

1928.

Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

Ch. 38.

323

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression "hydrocarbon oils " means

petroleum oils, coal tar, and oils produced from

coal, shale, peat or any other bituminous

* substance, and all liquid hydrocarbons;

(b) the expression "light oils" means hydrocarbon

oils of which not less than' fifty per centi )>y

volume distils at a temperature not exceeding

one hundred and eighty-five degrees centigrade, or of which not less than ninety-five

per cent, by volume distils at a temperature

not exceeding two hundred and forty degrees

centigrade, or which give off an inflammable

vapour at a temperature of less than

22*8 degrees centigrade when tested in

manner prescribed by the Acts relating to

petroleum;

(c) the expression "fishing boat" means a boat

used for the purposes of fishing by a person

gaining a substantial part of his livelihood

thereby.

The method of testing oils for the purpose of

ascertaining whether they comply with the provisions

of paragraph (b) of this subsection relating to the

distillation of a certain volume thereof at a certain

temperature shall be such as the Commissioners may

prescribe.

19. The Commissioners may make regulations with Regula-

respect to the collection of the duties continued or tions.

imposed by sections seven, eight and eighteen of this Act, and may for that purpose apply, with the necessary

modifications, to any article removed or imported into

the Isle of Man upon which duties are imposed by those

sections any enactments applicable to duties on the like

article imported into Great Britain or Northern Ireland,

and any regulations made under subsection (3) of section

seven of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927, shall have

effect as if they had been made under this section.

20. —(1) In this Act the expression "the Commis- Interpre-

sioners" means th'e Commissioners of Customs and Nation and

Excise. short titIe -

(2) This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1928.

324 Ch. 39, 40. Rag Flock Act (1911) 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act* to amend the Rag Flock Act, 1911.

[3rd August 1928.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen as to the meaning of the phrase "flock manufactured from rags" as

used in the Rag Flock Act, 1911:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Interpreta- 1 . For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared

tion of that the expression "flock manufactured from rags "

1 Ge i‘ 6 ' means flock which has been produced wholly or partly

c '’s’* by tearing up woven or knitted or felted materials,

whether old or new, but does not include flock obtained

wholly in the processes of the scouring and finishing of

newly woven or newly knitted or newly felted fabrics.

Short title 2. This Act may be cited as the Rag Flock Act

and con- (1911) Amendment Act, 1928, and this Act and the

struction. p, a g p’lock Act, 1911, may be cited together as the

Rag Flock Acts, 1911 and 1928.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to make provision for a line-throwing

appliance on certain ships.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Powers of 1 . The power of the Board of Trade, under section

Board of four hundred and twenty-seven of the Merchant Shipping-

Trade under Act, 1894, to make rules for life-saving appliances, shall

57 6 C» 58 427 include power to make rules with respect to the number,

extended so’ description, and mode of construction of line-throwing

1928.

Merchant Shipping Ch. 40, 41.

(Line-throwing Appliance) Act, 1928.

325

appliances to be carried by British ships according to the

class in which they are arranged; and accordingly

paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of the said section shall

have effect as if there were therein inserted after the

word " life^rafts " the words "line-throwing appliances."

2. This Act shall be cited as the Merchant

Shipping (Line-throwing Appliance) Act, 1928, and shpll

be construed as one with Part V. of the Merchant

Shipping Act, 1894, and this Act and the Merchant

Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1925, may be cited together

as the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1928.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Betting Act, 1853, to

legalise the use of totalisators on certain racecourses, and to make further provision with

regard to betting thereon.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Nothing contained in the Betting Act, 1853,

shall apply to any approved racecourse or any act done

thereon on the days on which horse races but no other

races take place thereon.

(2) Notwithstanding any rule of law or enactment

to the contrary, it shall be lawful on any approved

racecourse, and whether in a building or not, —

(a) for the Racecourse Betting Control Board and

any person authorised by them to set up and

keep a totalisator;

(6) for the Board and any person authorised by

them to operate, in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and for the purpose of

effecting betting transactions on horse races

only, a totalisator on days when horse races

but no other races take place on the racecourse;

(c) for any person to effect betting transactions by

means of a totalisator lawfully operated:

as to include

power to

make rules

as to linethrowing

appliances.

Short title

and construction.

Betting Act,

1853, not to

apply to

racecourses.

16 & 17 Vict,

c. 119.

326

Ch. 41.

Establishment of

authority.

Racecourse Betting 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

taken to imply that the Boar dr or any person authorised

by the Board, are entitled, in the exercise of the powers

conferred by this subsection, to infringe in any maimer

the rights of any other persons in or over any land or

any right of property.

(3) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) the expression "totalisator" means the contrivance for betting known as the totalisator

or pari-mutuel, or any other machine or

instrument of betting of a like nature, whether

mechanically operated or not;

(b) the expression "approved racecourse " means

any ground used for the purpose of a racecourse for racing with horses, and any ground

adjacent thereto, in respect of which ground,

or adjacent ground, there is in force a certificate of approval issued under this Act.

2. —(1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be

established a Racecourse Betting Control Board (in this Act referred to as the Board) which shall consist of a

chairman and eleven other members.

(2) The Board shall be a body corporate and shall

have perpetual succession and a common seal, and may

acquire and hold such land on or adjacent to a racecourse as may be reasonably required for the purpose of

operating a totalisator thereon and such land as may be

reasonably required for the offices of the Board, and may

sell or lease any land held by them which is not required

for the aforesaid purposes.

(3) The chairman shall be appointed by the Secretary

of State for the Home Department.

(4) The other members of the Board shall be

appointed as follows:—

By the Secretary of State for the Home

Department.1

By the Secretary of State for Scotland - 1

By the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries 1

By the Chancellor of the Exchequer - - 1

By the Jockey Club - - - 3

By the National Hunt Committee - - 2

By the Racecourse Association, Limited - 1

By the Committee of Tattersalls - - 1

1928.

Racecourse Betting

Act, 1928.

Ch. 41.

327

(5) Any member of the Board may be removed at

any time from the Board by the body or person by whom

he was appointed.

(6) The Board may pay to the chairman such salary

as they may deter min e, and may pay to him and the

other members of the Board any travelling and other

expenses reasonably incurred by them as such members.

(7) The Board may appoint officers, servants, oragents,

and prescribe their duties and fix their remuneration.

(8) The Board may regulate their own procedure and

make standing orders governing the conduct of their

business whether by themselves or committees of their

number.

(9) The first meeting of the Board shall be convened

by the chairman.

(10) No act or proceeding of the Board shall be

questioned on account of any vacancy in their number

or on account of the appointment of any member having

been defective.

3. The Racecourse Betting Control Board—

(1) may for the purposes of this Act issue (subject

to such conditions as they may impose) and

at any time revoke certificates of approval

in respect of racecourses and ground adjacent

thereto;

(2) shall make it a condition of the grant of a certi-

cate of approval of any racecourse that the

persons having the management of such

racecourse shall provide a place, whether

in a building or not, where bookmakers

may carry on their business and to which

the public may resort for the purpose of

betting, and that the charge to a bookmaker

and to any assistant accompanying him, for

admission to an enclosure on the racecourse

for the purpose of the bookmaker’s business

shall, in the case of a bookmaker, not exceed

five times the amount, and in the case of an

assistant not exceed the amount of the

highest charge made to members of the public

for admission to the enclosure;

(3) shall distribute or cause to be distributed

the whole of the moneys staked by means

Powers and

duties of

Board.

328

Ch. 41.

Racecourse Betting 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

of a totalisator on any race among the

persons winning bets made by means of the

totalisator on that race, after deducting or

causing to be deducted such percentage of

those moneys as the Board may from time to

time determine either generally or with

respect to any particular racecourse;

(4) shall establish a fund known as the totalisator

fund, into which shall be paid the percentage

deducted as aforesaid of moneys staked by

means of the totalisator, and any other

moneys received by the Board;

(5) may, for the purposes of this Act, borrow

money upon the security of such fund or

otherwise, and lend money for the purpose of

setting up or operating totalisators in accordance with the provisions of this Act;

(6) shall (subject to the payment out of the

totalisator fund of all taxes, rates, charges,

and working expenses, and to the retention (

of such sums as they think fit to meet

contingencies, and to the payment out of the said fund of such sums as they think fit

to charitable purposes) apply the moneys

from time to time comprised in the totalisator

fund in accordance with a scheme prepared

by the Board and approved by the Secretary

of State for purposes conducive to the

improvement of breeds of horses or the sport

of horse racing;

(7) may do all such things as are incidental to the

foregoing matters;

(8) shall submit annually to the Secretary of

State a report of their proceedings, together

with an account, in such form as may be

prescribed by the Secretary of State, of the

moneys received and expended by them

during the year, and such report and account

shall be laid by the Secretary of State before

both Houses of Parliament.

Prohibition 4. —(1)If any person has on any approved racecourse

of betting an y betting transaction with a person apparently under

transactions a g e G f seventeen years, whether by means of a

1928.

Racecourse Betting

Act, 1928.

Ch. 41, 42.

329

totalisator or not, and whether he or the person

apparently under the age of seventeen is acting on his

own behalf or on behalf of another person, he shall

be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds.

(2) It shall be a defence to a charge under this

section to prove that the person apparently under the

age of seventeen years was at the time of the alleged

offence actually of or over that age.

(3) In the case of a betting transaction effected by

means of a totalisator with a person apparently under

the age of seventeen years, the transaction shall for the

purposes of this section be deemed to have been had

with the persons having the management of the approved

racecourse upon which the totalisator was being operated

and not with any other person.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Racecourse

Betting Act, 1928.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend the law with respect to offences

against persons under the age of sixteen.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section two of the Criminal Law Amendment

Act, 1922, shall be read as if for the period "nine

months " therein specified as the limit of time mentioned in the second proviso to section five of the

Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, as amended by

section twenty-seven of the Prevention of Cruelty to

Children Act, 1904, there was substituted the period of

twelve months.

with persons

under

seventeen.

Short title

and extent.

Period of

limitation

under 12 &

13 Geo. 5.

c. 56. s. 2

extended.

48 & 49 Vict,

o. 09.

4 Edw. 7.

c. 16.

330

Short title,

construction and

commencement.

Power to

make advances, &c.

to agricultural mortgage loan

company.

Ch. 42, 43. Criminal Law 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment Act, 1928.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Criminal Law

Amendment Act, 1928, and the Criminal Law Amendment Acts, 1885 to 1922, and this Act may be cited

together as the Criminal Law Amendment Acts, 1885 to

1928.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

lay of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to secure, by means of the formation of a

company and the assistance thereof out of public

funds, the making of loans for agricultural

purposes on favourable terms, and to facilitate

the borrowing of money on the security of

farming stock and other agricultural assets, and

for purposes connected therewith.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

' by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

Part I.

Long Term Credits.

1, —(1) With a view to the incorporation of a

company having for its principal objects—

(a) the making of loans on mortgages of agricultural land;

(6) the making of loans under the Improvement

of Land Acts, 1864 and 1899, for agricultural

purposes;

and with a view to securing that loans by such a

company shall be made on terms most favourable to the

borrowers, it shall be lawful for the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (hereinafter referred to as the

1928.

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1928.

Ch. 43.

331

Minister) with the approval of the Treasury to undertake that, if such a company having such objects and

complying with the provisions hereinafter contained is

incorporated, he will—

(1) make advances to the company (for the purpose

of establishing a guarantee fund), not exceeding

in the aggregate seven hundred and fifty

thousand pounds, and not at any time exceeding

in the aggregate the amount at that time of the

paid-up share capital of the company; such

advances—

(a) to be payable in instalments so, however, that the aggregate amount paid shall

not exceed—

On incorporation of the company .£250,000

By 30th April 1929 - - £500,000

By 30th April 1930 - - £750,000

(b) to be free from interest for a period of

sixty years, and thereafter to carry interest

at such rate, not exceeding the average

yield of such Government funded stocks, as

the Treasury from time to time may determine;

(ii) make payments of ten thousand pounds per

annum for ten years as contributions towards

the cost of the administration of the company.

(2) The Treasury may agree to procure the underwriting of debentures to be issued by the company as

hereinafter mentioned to such aggregate amount as may

be necessary to raise a sum not exceeding five million

pounds.

(3) The Treasury may subscribe to debentures to be

issued by the company to an amount not exceeding one

fourth of each issue of debentures, and not exceeding in

the aggregate one million two hundred and fifty thousand

pounds, and any such subscriptions shall be deemed to be

a local loan within the meaning of the National Debt and 50 & 51

Local Loans Act, 1887, and that Act shall apply c - 16 -

accordingly.

(4) Such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum

of eight hundred and twelve thousand five hundred

332 Ch. 43. Agricultural Credits 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

pounds as may be required for the purpose of making

such advances as aforesaid or "for procuring the underwriting of debentures as aforesaid shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof

at such times and to such amounts as the Treasury think

fit.

(5) The sums payable towards the cost of the

administration of the company shall be paid out of

moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) Any sums paid by the company by way of repayment of or interest on advances made by the Minister

shall be paid to the Exchequer.

Provisions 2.—(1) The company to be so formed as aforesaid

as to com- shall be a company limited by shares and registered

pany. under the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1917.

j

(2) The Memorandum and Articles of the company

shall be subject to the approval of the Minister, and shah

contain such provisions as are hereinafter mentioned, and

shall not be alterable without the approval of the Minister.

(3) The Memorandum or Articles of the company

shall make provision—

(a) for securing that, of the directors, one shall be

a person nominated by the Treasury, so long as

any part of the advances made by the Minister

remains outstanding;

(b) for restricting the dividends on the share capital

of the company to five per cent, per annum;

(c) for regulating the loans to be made by the

company on mortgage, so that a loan shall in no

case exceed two-thirds of the estimated value of the mortgaged property at the time of the loan,

and that the loans shall be repayable by equal

yearly or half-yearly instalments of capital and

interest spread over a period not exceeding

sixty years, or repayable on such other terms

as may be authorised by the said Memorandum

or Articles;

(d) for empowering the company for the purpose of

making loans to raise money by means of the

issue of debentures;

1928.

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1928.

Ch. 43.

333

(e) for the creation of suitable reserve funds, and

as to the investment and application of the

sums standing to the credit of those funds;

(f) for regulating the use of the guarantee fund to

which the advances made by the Minister are

to be carried;

J

(g) for requiring the company to supply to the Minister copies of balance-sheets and profit-

and-loss accounts;

(h) for the repayment of the advances made by the Minister; so however that provision shall be

made—

(i) that, if at the expiration of fifteen years

from the incorporation of the company, the

advances made by the Minister to, the

guarantee fund exceed seven-and-a-half per

cent, of the aggregate amount of the loans

made by the company on mortgages and

land charges up to that date, the excess

shall, if the Minister so requires, be repaid;

(ii) that in any year, after thirty years

from the incorporation of the company, in

which the total reserves including the

guarantee fund (but excluding the share

capital) exceed seven-and-a-half per cent, of the liabilities (other than share capital and

guarantee fund), there shall be allocated to

the repayment of the guarantee fund one-half

of the profits remaining after paying the

maximum dividend on the share capital;

(i) for providing that in the event of the company

being wound up, the liability of the company

to the Minister for the amount of the advances

outstanding shall rank after other liabilities of the company to creditors, and that if, after the

discharge of such other liabilities, the sum

available is insufficient to pay the sums so outstanding and the paid up share capital in full,

the sum so available shall be divided between

the Minister and shareholders in the proportion

which the amount of the outstanding advances

of the Minister bears to the amount of the paid

up share capital of the company.

334

Ch. 43.

Debenture* of the company to

be authorised

trustee investment.

15 Geo. 5. o. 19.

11 <fe 12 Geo. 5.

c. 58.

Application

of excess

reserves—

Agricultural

charges on

farming

stock and

assets.

Agricultural Credits 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

(4) For the purposes oL this Part of this Act

references to debentures shall include references to debenture stock and references to shares and share holders

shall include references to stock and stock holders.

3. Debentures issued by the company shall be

included amongst the securities in which a trustee may

inwest trust funds under the powers of section one of the

Trustee 'Act, 1925, or section ten of the Trusts (Scotland)

Act, 1921.

4. If after the repayment of the advances made by

the Minister to the guarantee fund the reserves increase

more rapidly than is required for the maintenance of the

reserves as provided for in the Memorandum or Articles

of the company, the company shall apply such part of the excess reserves for the benefit of borrowers in accordance with a scheme or schemes to be prepared by the

company to the satisfaction of the Minister.

Part II.

Agricultural Short-term Credits.

5. —(1) It shall be lawful for a farmer as defined

by this Act by instrument in writing to create, in favour

of a bank as so defined a charge (hereinafter referred

to as an agricultural charge) on all or any of the farming

stock and other agricultural assets belonging to him

as security for sums advanced or to be advanced to him

or paid or to be paid on his behalf under any guarantee by

the bank and interest, commission and charges thereon.

(2) An agricultural charge may be either a fixed

charge, or a floating charge, or both a fixed charge and

a floating charge.

(3) The property affected by a fixed charge shall

be such property forming part of the farming stock

and other agricultural assets belonging to the farmer

at the date of the charge as may be specified in the

charge, but may include—

(a) in the case of live stock, any progeny thereof

which may be born after the date of the

charge; and

(b) in the case of agricultural plant, any plant

which may whilst the charge is in force be

substituted for the plant specified in the

charge.

1928.

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1928.

Ch. 43.

335

(4) The property affected by a floating charge

shall be the farming stock and other agricultural assets

from time to time belonging to the farmer, or such part

thereof as is mentioned in the charge.

(5) The principal sum secured by an agricultural

charge may be either a specified amount, or a fluctuating

amount advanced on current account not exceeding

at any one time such amount (if any) as may be

specified in the charge, and in the latter case the charge

shall not be deemed to be redeemed by reason only of the current account having ceased to be in debit.

(6) An agricultural charge may be in such form and

made upon such conditions as the parties thereto may

agree, and sureties may be made parties thereto.

(7) For the purposes of this Part of this Act— '

" Farmer" means any person (not being an incorporated company or society) who, as

tenant or owner of an agricultural holding,

cultivates the holding for profit; and ‘‘agriculture " and " cultivation " shall be deemed

to include horticulture, and the use of

land for any purpose of husbandry, inclusive

of the keeping or breeding of live stock,

poultry, or bees, and the growth of fruit,

vegetables, and the like;

" Bank" means any firm, incorporated company,

or society, carrying on banking business and

approved by the Minister;

" Farming stock" means crops or horticultural

produce, whether growing or severed from

the land, and after severance whether subjected to any treatment or process of manufacture or not; five stock, including poultry

and bees, and the produce and progeny thereof;

any other agricultural or horticultural produce whether subjected to any treatment

or process of manufacture or not; seeds and

manures; agricultural vehicles, machinery,

and other plant; agricultural tenant’s fixtures and other agricultural fixtures which

a tenant is by law authorised to remove;

336

Ch. 43.

Agricultural Credits 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

" Other agricultural assets" means a tenant’s

right to compensation under the Agricultural

Holdings Act, 1923, for improvements, damage

by game, disturbance or otherwise, and any

other tenant right.

Effect of, 6 . —(1) A fixed charge shall, so long as the charge

fixed charge, continues in force, confer on the bank the following rights

and impose upon the bank the following obligations,

that is to say :—

(a) a right, upon the happening of any event

specified in the charge as being an event

authorising the seizure of property subject to

the charge, to take possession of any property

so subject;

(b) where possession of any property has been so

taken, a right, after an interval of five clear

days or such less time as may be allowed by the

charge, to sell the property either by auction or,

if the charge so provides, 'by private treaty, and

either for a lump sum payment or payment by

instalments;

(c) an obligation, in the event of such power of sale

being exercised, to apply the proceeds of sale

in or towards the discharge of the moneys

and liabilities secured by the charge, and

the cost of seizure and sale, and to pay the

surplus (if any) of the proceeds to the farmer.

(2) A fixed charge shall, so long as the charge continues in force, impose on the farmer the following

obligations :—

(a) an obligation whenever he sells any of the

property, or receives any money in respect of

other agricultural assets comprised in the charge,

forthwith to pay to the bank the amount of the

proceeds of the Bale or the money so received,

except to such extent as the charge otherwise

provides or the bank otherwise allows; the sums

so paid to be applied, except so far as otherwise

agreed, by the bank in or towards the discharge

of moneys and liabilities secured by the charge;

(b) an obligation in the event of the farmer receiving

any money under any policy of insurance on

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 9.

1928.

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1928.

Ch. 43.

337

any of the property comprised in the charge, or

any money paid by way of compensation under

the Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to 1927, in

respect of the destruction of any live stock

comprised in the charge, or by way of compensation under the Destructive Insects and Pests

Acts, 1877 to 1927, in respect of the destruction

of any crops comprised in the charge, forthwith

to pay the amount of the sums so received to

the bank, except to such extent as the charge

otherwise provides or the bank otherwise allows;

the sums so paid to be applied, except so far as

otherwise agreed by the bank, in or towards the

discharge of the moneys and liabilities secured

by the charge.

(3) Subject to compliance with the obligations so

imposed, a fixed charge shall not prevent the farmer

selling any of the property subject to the charge, and

neither the purchaser, nor, in the case of a sale by auction,

the auctioneer, shall be concerned to see that such obligations are complied with notwithstanding that he may be

aware of the existence of the charge.

(4) Where any proceeds of sale which in pursuance

of such obligation as aforesaid ought to be paid to the

bank are paid to some other person, nothing in this Act

shall confer on the bank a right to recover such proceeds

from that other person unless the bank proves that such

other person knew that the proceeds were paid to him

in breach of such obligation as aforesaid, but such other

person shall not be deemed to have such knowledge by

reason only that he has notice of the charge.

7. — (1) An agricultural charge creating a floating Effect of

charge shall have the like effect as if the charge had floating

been created by a duly registered debenture issued by charge -

a company:

Provided that—

(a) the charge shall become a fixed charge upon

the property comprised in the charge as

existing at the date of its becoming a fixed

charge—

(i) upon a receiving order in bankruptcy

being made against the farmer;

(ii) upon the death of the farmer;

Y

338

Ch. 43.

Supplemental

provisions

as to

agricultural

charges.

4 & 5 Geo. 6

c. 59.

Agricultural Credits.

• Act, 1928.

18 & 19. Geo. 5.

(iii) . upon .the' dissolution of partnership

in the case-whe/O the property charged is

partnership property

(iv) upon notice in writing to that effect

being given by the bank-.on the happening

of any event which by virtue of the charge

confers on the bank the right to give such a

notice;

(b) the farmer, whilst, the charge remains a

floating charge, shall be subject to the like

obligation as in the case of a fixed charge to

pay over to the bank the amount received by

him by way of proceeds of sale, in respect of

other agricultural assets," under policies of

insurance, or by way of compensation, and the

last foregoing section shall apply accordingly:.

Provided that it shall not be necessary for a

farmer to comply with such obligation if

and so far as the amount so received is

expended by him in the purchase of farming

stock which on purchase becomes subject to

the charge.

8 . —(1) An agricultural charge shall have effect

notwithstanding anything in the Bills of Sale Acts, 1878

and 1882, and shall not be deemed to be a bill of sale

within the meaning of those Acts.

(2) Agricultural charges shall in relation to one

another have priority in accordance with the times at

which they are respectively registered under this Part of this Act.

(3) Where an agricultural charge creating a floating

charge has been made, an agricultural charge purporting

to create a fixed charge on, or a bill of sale comprising

any of the property comprised in the floating charge

shall, as respects the property subject to the floating

charge, be void so long as the floating charge remains

in force.

(4) Farming stock subject to an agricultural charge

shall not, for the purposes of section thirty-eight of the

Bankruptcy Act, 1914, be deemed to be goods in the

possession, order, or disposition of the farmer, in his

trade or business, by the consent and permission of the

1928. Agricultural Credits Ch. 48. 339

• 'Act, 1928*. .

true owner thereof, under such circumstances that he is

the reputed owner thereof. ■

(5) Where a farmer who is adjudged bankrupt has

created in. favour of a bank an" agricultural charge on

any of the farming - stock or other agricultural assets

■ belonging to .him, and the . charge was created within

three months of the date of the presentation of "the

bankruptcy "petition and operated to secure any sum

owing to the bank immediately prior to the giving of the

charge, then, unless it is proved that the farmer immediately after the execution of the charge was solvent,

the amount which but for this provision would have been

secured by the charge shall be reduced by the amount

of the sum so owing to the bank immediately prior to

the giving of the charge, but without prejudice to the

bank’s right to enforce any other security for that sum

or to claim payment thereof as an unsecured debt.

(6) Where after the passing of this Act the farmer

has mortgaged his interest in the land comprised in the

holding, then, if growing crops are included in an agricultural charge, the rights of the bank under the charge

in respect of the crops shall have priority to those of the

mortgagee, whether in possession or not, and irrespective

of the dates of the mortgage and charge.

(7) An agricultural charge shall be no protection in

respect of property included in the charge which but

for the charge would have been liable to distress for rent,

taxes, or rates.

(8) An instrument creating an agricultural charge

shall be exempt from stamp duty.

9.-—(1) Every agricultural charge shall be registered Registration

under this Act within seven clear days after the execution of agricul-

thereof, and, if not so registered, shall be void as against t ral

any person other than the farmer: c arges '

Provided that the High Court on proof that omission

to register within such time as aforesaid was accidental

or due to inadvertence may extend the time for registration on such terms as the Court thinks fit.

(2) The Land Registrar shall keep at the Land

Registry a register of agricultural charges in such form

and containing such particulars as may be prescribed.

340

Ch. 43.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 22.

Agricultural Credits 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928. ‘

(3) Registration of an agricultural charge shall be

effected by sending by post to "the Land Registrar at the

Land Registry a memorandum of the instrument creating

the charge and such particulars of the charge as may

be prescribed, together with the prescribed fee; and the

Land Registrar shall enter the particulars in the register

and shall file the memorandum.

(4) The register kept and the memoranda filed under

this section shall at all reasonable times be open to

inspection by any person on payment (except where the

inspection is made by or on behalf of a bank) of the

prescribed fee, and any person inspecting the register or

any such filed memorandum on payment (except as

aforesaid) of the prescribed fee may make copies or

extracts therefrom.

(5) Any person may on payment of the prescribed

fee require to be furnished with a copy of any entry in

the register or of any filed memorandum or any part

thereof certified to be a true copy b^ the Land Registrar.

(6) Registration of an agricultural charge 'may be

proved by the production of a certified copy of the entry

in the register relating to the charge, and a copy of any

entry purporting to be certified as a true copy by the

Land Registrar shall in all legal proceedings be evidence

of the matters stated therein without proof of the

signature or authority of the person signing it.

(7) The provisions of the Land Charges Act, 1925,

as to official searches under that Act, shall apply as if

they were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable

to this Part of this Act.

(8) Registration of an agricultural charge under this

section shall be deemed to constitute actual notice of the

charge, and of the fact of such registration, to all persons

and for all purposes connected with the property comprised in the charge, as from the date of registration or

other prescribed date, and so long as the registration

continues in force:

Provided that, where an agricultural charge created

in favour of a bank is expressly made for securing a

current account or other further advances, the bank, in

relation to the making of further advances under the

1928.

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1928.

Ch. 43.

341

charge, shall not be deemed to have notice of another

agricultural charge by reason only that it is so registered

if it was not so registered at the time when the first-

mentioned charge was created or when the last search (if

any) by or on behalf of the bank was made, whichever

last happened.

(9) The Lord Chancellor may make regulations prescribing anything which under this section is to be

prescribed, subject as respects fees to the approval of the .Treasury, and generally as to the keeping of the

register and the filing of memoranda, the removal of

entries from the register on proof of discharge, and the

rectification of the register.

10.—(1) It shall not be lawful to print for publica- Restriction

tion or publish any list of agricultural charges or of onpublica-

the names of farmers who have created agricultural tl0r ) of

. . EL"

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this

section, he shall in respect of each offence be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty

pounds:

Provided that no person other than a proprietor,

editor, master printer, or publisher, shall be liable to be

convicted under this section.

(3) No prosecution for an offence under this

section shall be commenced without the consent of the Attorney-General.

(4) For the purpose of this section, " publication "

means the issue of copies to the public, ana " publish "

has a corresponding meaning, and without prejudice to

the generality of the foregoing definition the confidential notification by, an association representative of a

particular trade to its members trading or carrying

on business in the district in which property subject

to an agricultural charge is situate of the creation of the charge shall not be deemed to be publication for

the purposes of this section.

11.— (1) If, with intent to defraud, a farmer Frauds by

who has created an agricultural charge— farmers.

(a) fails to comply with the obligations imposed

by this Act as to the payment over to the

bank of any sums received by him by way

342

Ch. 43.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 86.

Temporary

provision as

to advances

outstanding

at passing

of Act.

Rights of

tenants.

Provisions

as to

agricultural

societies.

Agricultural Credits 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

of proceeds of sale, or in respect of other agricultural assets, or under a policy of insurance

or by way of compensation; or

(b) removes or suffers to be removed, from his

holding any property subject to the charge;

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and liable on

conviction on indictment to penal servitude for a term

not exceeding three years.

(2) Section twenty-four of the Criminal Justice

Act, 1925, shall have effect as if offences under this

section were included amongst the offences specified

in the Second Schedule to that Act.

12. Until the first day of "January, nineteen

hundred and thirty-one, the foregoing provisions of this

Part of this Act shall be subject to the following modification :—

Where a bank has before the passing of this Act made advances to a farmer, whether by

means of an overdraft or otherwise, an agricultural

charge created in favour of the bank shall be

enforceable only in respect of moneys advanced in

addition to and in excess of a sum equal to the

amount of such advances outstanding at the

passing of this Act.

13 . Any farmer being the tenant of an agricultural

holding shall have the right to create an agricultural

charge notwithstanding any provision in his contract of

tenancy to the contrary.

14 . —(1) A debenture issued by a society registered

under the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893

to 1928, creating in favour of a bank a floating charge

on property which is farming stock within the meaning

of this Part of this Act, may be registered in like

manner as an agricultural charge, and section nine of this Act shall apply to such a charge in like manner as

it applies to an agricultural charge, and the charge

if so registered shall as respects such property be valid

notwithstanding anything in the Bills of Sale Acts, 1878

and 1882, and shall not be deemed to be a bill of

sale within the meaning of those Acts:

Provided that, where any such charge is so registered,

notice thereof signed by the secretary of the society

1928.

Agricultural Credits

Act, 1928.

Cn. 43, 44.

343

shall be sent to the central office established under the

Friendly Societies Act, 1896, and registered there.

(2) Any such debenture may create a floating

charge on. any farming stock the property in which is

vested in the society.

Part III.

General.

15. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural

Credits Act, 1928.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

(3) This Act shall not (except as otherwise expressly

provided) extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland/

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to make provision, with a view to the

grant of relief from rates in respect of certain

classes of hereditaments, for the distinction in

valuation lists of the classes of hereditaments to

be affected, and the apportionment in valuation lists of the net annual values of such

hereditaments according to the extent of the

user thereof for various purposes.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Distinction of Hereditaments in Valuation Lists.

1.—(1) In every valuation list the classes of

hereditaments hereinafter mentioned shall, in the

prescribed manner, be distinguished from each other

59 & 60

Vict. c. 25.

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

Distinction

of hereditaments and

344

apportionment of

values in

valuation

lists.

15 & 1G

Geo. 5. c. 90.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 67.

Definition

of agricultural hereditaments.

12 & 13

Geo.5. c. 51

Ch. 44. Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

and from all other hereditaments, that is to say, there

shall be so distinguished—

(a) agricultural hereditaments;

(b) industrial hereditaments;

(c) freight-transport hereditaments;

and where by this Act the net annual value of any

such hereditament is required to be apportioned such

apportionment shall be shown in the prescribed manner

in the valuation list.

(2) Valuation lists which will come into force

after the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, shall be made in conformity with the

provisions of this Act; and the principal Act, that is

to say, .

(a) in relation to places outside London, the Rating

and Valuation Act, 1925, as amended by any

subsequent enactment; and

(b) in relation to London, the Valuation (Metropolis)

Act, 1869, as amended by any subsequent

enactment, including this Act,

shall apply accordingly. "

(3) For the purpose of enabling valuation lists

which will be in force on the first day of October,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, to be brought into

conformity with this Act, the provisions set out in the

First Schedule to this Act shall have effect.

Provisions as to Agricultural Hereditaments.

2.—(1) In this Act the expression "agricultural

hereditament" means any hereditament being agricultural land or agricultural buildings.

(2) In this Act the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them:—

" Agricultural land" means any land used as arable

meadow or pasture ground only, land used

for a plantation or a wood or for the growth

of saleable underwood, land exceeding one

quarter of an acre used for the purpose of

poultry farming, cottage gardens exceeding

one quarter of an acre, market gardens, nursery

grounds, orchards or allotments, including

allotment gardens within the meaning of the

Allotments Act, 1922, but does not include land

occupied together with a house as a park,

gardens (other than as aforesaid) pleasure

1928. Rating and Valuation Ch. 44. 345

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

grounds, or land kept or preserved mainly or

exclusively for purposes of sport or recreation,

or land used as a race-course; and for the

purpose of this de fini tion the expression "cottage garden" means a garden attached to a

house occupied as a dwelling by a person of the labouring classes:

" Agricultural buildings" means buil di ngs (other

than dwelling-houses) occupied together with

agricultural land or being or forming part of a

market garden, and in either case used solely in

connection with agricultural operations thereon.

Provisions as to Industrial Hereditaments.

3.—(1) In this Act the expression "industrial Definition of

hereditament" means a hereditament (not being a industrial

freight-transport hereditament) occupied and used' as a

mine or mineral railway or, subject as hereinafter

provided, as a factory or workshop:

Provided that the expression industrial hereditament does not include a hereditament occupied and used

as a factory or workshop if it is primarily occupied

and used for the following purposes or for any combination of such purposes, that is to say—

(a) the purposes of a dwelling-house;

(b) the purposes of a retail shop;

(c) the purposes of distributive wholesale business;

(d) purposes of storage;

(e) the purposes of a public supply undertaking;

(f) any other purposes, whether or not similar to

any of the foregoing, which are not those of

a factory or workshop.

(2) For the purposes of this Act any place used

by the occupier for the housing or maintenance of his

road vehicles or as stables shall, notwithstanding that it

is situate within the close, curtilage or precincts forming

a factory or workshop and used in connection therewith, be deemed not to form part of the factory or

workshop, but save as aforesaid, the expressions

"factory" and "workshop" have respectively the

same meanings as in the Factory and Workshop Acts,

1901 to 1920.

(3) Where two or more properties within the same

curtilage, or contiguous to one another, are in the same

346

Ch. 44.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 50.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 77.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 50.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

occupation and, though treated as two or more here- '

ditaments for the purposes of rating and valuation by

reason of being situate in different parishes or of having

been valued at different times or for any other reason,

are used as parts of a single mine, mineral railway,

factory, or workshop, then, for the purposes of determining

whether the several hereditaments are industrial hereditaments they shall be treated as if they formed parta

of a single hereditament comprising all such hereditaments.

(4) In this Act the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is

to say:—

" Mine " has the meaning assigned to it by section

one hundred and twenty-two of the Coal Mines

Act, 1911, or section forty-one of the Metalliferous Mines Regulation Act, 1872, as amended

by subsection (2) of section nineteen of the

Mining Industry Act, 1920, as the case may

require, but also includes any premises, place, or

works, whether below grohnd or above ground,

primarily occupied and used for the purpose of

draining or otherwise protecting from damage

any mine or group of mines or occupied and

used for pumping or raising brine for the purpose of manufacture or sale from shafts, wells,

springs, or mines:

"Mineral railway" means a railway, tramway, or

ropeway used primarily for the transport of

minerals gotten from a mine, or from two or

more mines, to a freight-transport hereditament

or between any two such hereditaments or to

any dock not being a freight-transport hereditament and in the latter case includes also such

dock:

" Public supply undertaking" means any undertaking primarily carried on for the supply of

gas, water, electricity or hydraulic power for

public purposes, or to members of the public,

or to any one or more undertakings carried

on under any special Act or Order having

the force of an Act:

" Retail shop " includes any premises of a similar

character where retail trade or business (including repair work) is carried on.

1928. Rating and Valuation Ch. 44. 347

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

4. —(1) In every valuation list every industrial Entries in

hereditament occupied and used wholly for industrial

purposes shall be shown as being so occupied and used,

and as respects every such hereditament occupied and heredita-

used partly for industrial purposes, the net annual ments.

value thereof shall be shown, in the prescribed manner,

as being apportioned between the occupation and jiser

of the hereditament for industrial purposes, and the

occupation and user thereof for other purposes.

(2) For the purpose of determining in what proportions an industrial hereditament is occupied and

used for industrial purposes and for other purposes

respectively, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) The hereditament shall be deemed to be occupied

and used for industrial purposes except in so

far as any part thereof is, under this Act or

under the enactments relating to the regulation

of mines, factories and workshops, to be deemed

neither to be, nor to form part of, a mine,

factory, or workshop:

(b) Where the net annual value of a hereditament

does not exceed fifty pounds or where the part

of the net annual value of a hereditament

attributable to purposes other than industrial

purposes does not exceed ten per cent, of the

part thereof attributable to industrial purposes,

the hereditament shall be treated as if it were

occupied and used wholly for industrial purposes;

and where the part of the net annual value

attributable to such other purposes exceeds ten

per cent, of the part thereof attributable to

industrial purposes, the part attributable to

such other purposes shall not be treated as

being attributable to those other purposes

except in so far as it exceeds ten per cent,

of the part attributable to industrial purposes:

(c) Where two or more hereditaments in the same

occupation are, by virtue of the provisions of

subsection (3) of the last foregoing section,

treated as if they formed parts of a single

hereditament, each of the several hereditaments

shall be deemed to be occupied and used for

industrial purposes and for other purposes

348

Ch. 44.

Definition

of freight-

transport

hereditaments.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 55.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5,

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

respectively in the proportion in which, if all

the hereditaments formed a single hereditament,

that single hereditament would be deemed to

be so occupied and used.

Provisions as to Freight-transport Hereditaments.

5. — (1) In this Act the expression "Freight-trans-

port hereditament" means all or any of the following

hereditaments:—

(a) A hereditament occupied and used wholly or

partly for railway transport purposes as part

of—

(i) a railway undertaking carried on by a

railway company, for which a schedule of

standard charges has been settled under the

Railways Act, 1921, or to which such a

schedule is for the time being applied under

section thirty-three of that Act, being an

undertaking whereof the railway is used

for the conveyance of merchandise otherwise

than by passenger train or carriage; and

(ii) a fight railway undertaking carried on

by a light railway company, being an undertaking whereof the light railway is used as a

public railway for the conveyance of merchandise otherwise than by passenger train

or carriage:

(b) A hereditament occupied and used wholly or

partly for canal transport purposes as part of

a canal undertaking whereof the canal is used

for the conveyance of merchandise:

(c) A hereditament occupied and used wholly or

partly for dock purposes as~part of a dock

undertaking being an undertaking whereof a

substantial proportion of the volume of business

is concerned with the shipping and unshipping

of merchandise not belonging to or intended for

the use of the undertakers:

Provided that a hereditament primarily occupied

and used as offices for, or for purposes ancillary to, the

general direction and management of a railway, canal or

dock undertaking, shall not be deemed a freight-transport

hereditament.

1928. Rating and Valuation Ch. 44. 349

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

(2) In this Act the following expressions have

the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them :—

" Transport purposes" means all or any of the

following purposes:—

(a) " railway transport purposes, " that is

to say, all purposes connected with the conveyance or transport by railway of passengers

and their luggage, or of carriages, parcels or

merchandise, including the construction,

maintenance and repair of all ways, works,

machinery and plant used in connection with

the undertaking;

(b) " canal transport purposes, " that is to

say, all purposes connected with the conveyance or transport by canal, or by a railway

forming part of a canal undertaking, of passengers and their luggage, or of carriages,

parcels or merchandise, including the construction, maintenance and repair of all

ways, works, machinery and plant used in

connection with the undertaking;

(c) " dock purposes, " that is to say, all

purposes connected with the shipping or unshipping at a dock of passengers and their

luggage, or of carriages, parcels or merchandise,

or the conveyance or transport thereof by a

railway forming part of a dock undertaking,

including the construction, maintenance and

repair of all ways, works, machinery and

plant used in connection with the undertaking, or connected with the provision of

accommodation for vessels and their stores,

equipment and tackle (including fishing

tackle), whether for purposes of repair or

otherwise.

(3) In this Act the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is

to say—

" Canal undertaking " includes any inland navigation

undertaking comprising as part thereof an

inland navigation used for the conveyance of

merchandise, and " canal " in relation to such

350

Ch. 44.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

Entries in

valuation

lists as to

freight-

transport

hereditaments.

an undertaking shall _be construed as including

an inland navigation:

" Dock " includes any harbour, wharf, pier, jetty or

other works in or at which vessels can ship

or un-ship merchandise or passengers not being

a pier or jetty primarily used for recreation:

" Dock undertaking" means an undertaking carried

on by a dock authority, but also includes any

other undertaking comprising as part thereof

a dock in so far only as its business is carried

on at and in connection with that dock:

"Dock authority" means any person or body of

persons, wdiether incorporated or not, who are

authorised to construct or are owners or lessees

of any dock authorised by or under any Act:

" Light railway " includes a tramroad authorised

by any special Act, but does not include any

light railway laid wholly or mainly along a

public carriageway and used wholly or mainly

for the carriage of passengers:

" Light railway company " includes any person or

body of persons, whether incorporated or not,

who are authorised to construct or are owners

or lessees of any light railway authorised by or

under any Act or who are working a light

railway under any working agreement:

" Merchandise " has the same meaning as that

assigned to it by section fifty-seven of the

Railways Act, 1921:

" Railway company " has the same meaning as that

assigned to it by section eighty-five of the

Railways Act, 1921:

" Vessel " includes any ship or boat, or any other

description of vessel used in navigation.

6.—(1) In every valuation list etfery freight-transport

hereditament, which is occupied and used wholly for

transport purposes shall be shown as being so occupied

and used, and as respects every such hereditament

occupied and used partly for transport purposes the net

annual value thereof shall be shown in the prescribed

manner as being apportioned between the occupation

and user of the hereditament for transport purposes and

the ^occupation and- user thereof for other purposes.

1928.

Ch. 44.

851

Eating and Valuation

(. Apportionment) Act, 1928.

(2) Where a freight-transport hereditament is not

occupied and used for more than one transport purpose

the nature of that purpose shall be shown, and where a

freight-transport hereditament is occupied and used

partly for -one transport purpose and partly for either

or both of the other transport purposes, the proportions

of the net annual value of the hereditament attributable

to the occupation and user thereof for the several transport purposes shall be distinguished.

(3) For the purpose of deter mini ng in what proportions a freight-transport hereditament is occupied and

used for transport purposes and for other purposes,

respectively, the hereditament shall be deemed to be

occupied and used for transport purposes, except in so

far as it is occupied and used for the purposes of a

dwelling-house, hotel, or place of public refreshment:

Provided that—

(a) no part of a freight-transport hereditament

which is so let out as to be capable of separate

assessment shall be deemed to be occupied and

used for transport purposes unless it is actually

so occupied and used; and

(b) in the case of a hereditament occupied and

used for canal-transport purposes as part of

a canal undertaking or occupied and used for

dock purposes as part of a dock undertaking

no part of the hereditament, being a building,

yard, or other place primarily occupied and

used for warehousing merchandise not in the

course of being transported, shall be deemed to

be occupied and used for transport purposes.

Miscellaneous.

7.—(1) The principal Act in relation to London shall

for the purposes of the valuation lists (including special

lists) to which this Act applies be amended as follows:—

(a) The value of any hereditament which is calculated by making from the gross value thereof

the deductions which by sections four and

fifty-two of the principal Act are to be made

from the gross value for the purposes of calculating rateable value, shall henceforth be

termed, and is the value referred to in this Act

as, the net aimual value, and the rateable value

Provisions

as to

London.

352

Ch. 44.

Expenses.

Application

to Scotland.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

of any hereditament for the purposes of the

principal Act shall until Parliament otherwise

determines be taken to be the net annual value

thereof:

(6) References to valuation shall be construed as

including references to the apportionment of

values:

(c) The provisions of the Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925, as set out and adapted in the Second

Schedule to this Act shall apply to London as

if enacted in the principal Act, and, in relation

to any corrections in respect of totals of values

made under the said provisions, sections forty-

one and forty-four of the principal Act shall

apply as they apply in relation to alterations in

such totals of values made in consequence of

decisions on appeals.

(2) In this Act and in any Act passed after the

passing of this Act in relation to London—

The expression "rating authority " means—

(a) as respects the City of London, the common

council;

(b) as respects any parish in a metropolitan

borough, the council of the borough;

(c) as respects the Inner Temple and the Middle

Temple, the Sub-Treasurer and the Under-

Treasurer thereof respectively:

The expression "rating area" means the area of

a rating authority:

The expression "assessment area" means the area

in which an assessment committee acts.

8 . Any expenses incurred by the -Commissioners of

Inland Revenue in the execution of this Act shall be

defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

9. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the

following modifications:—

(1) Sections one and two, and subsection (1) of

section four, and subsections (1) and (2) of

section six shall not apply:

(2) For any reference to a hereditament there shall

be substituted a reference to lands and heritages

1928.

Rating'and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

Ch. 44.

353

within the meaning of the Lands Valuation

(Scotland) Act, 1854:

(3) The value of lands and heritages which is defined

as the .rateable value in section twenty-nine of the Rating (Scotland) Act, 1926, shall henceforth be termed, and is the value referred to in

this Act as, the net annual value, and the rateable value of any lands and heritages for the

purposes of the said Act shall until Parliament

otherwise determines be taken to be the net

annual value thereof:

(4) Paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section five

of this Act shall have effect as if there were

added after the word "undertakers " the

following words " or with the provision of

accommodation for fishing vessels ":

(5) The valuation roll shall show by distinguishing

mark or otherwise what lands and heritages are

respectively agricultural lands and heritages,

industrial lands and heritages, and freight-

transport lands and heritages:

(6) Where industrial lands and heritages are occupied and used partly for industrial purposes

and partly for other purposes, or where freight-

transport lands and heritages are occupied and

used partly for transport purposes and partly

for other purposes, the net annual value shall

be apportioned by the assessor according to the

occupation and use for industrial purposes or

for transport purposes, as the case may be, and

the occupation and use for other purposes:

(7) Where freight-transport lands and heritages are

not occupied and used for more than one transport purpose, the nature of that purpose shall

be shown by distinguishing mark or otherwise

in the valuation roll, and where freight-transport lands and heritages are occupied and used

partly for one transport purpose and partly

for either or both of the other transport purposes, the net annual value shall be apportioned

by the assessor according to the occupation and

use for the several transport purposes:

Z

17 & 18 Vict,

c. 91.

16 & 17

Geo.5. c. 47.

354 Ch. 44. Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

(8) Any apportionment by the assessor in pursuance

of either of the foregoing paragraphs shall be

shown in the valuation roll:

(9) The provisions of the Lands Valuation (Scotland)

Act, 1854, as amended by any .subsequent

enactment (including, without prejudice to the

foregoing generality, the provisions with respect

to notices to persons whose property is valued

and with respect to appeals), shall apply with

regard to any particular required by the foregoing provisions of this section to be shown in

the valuation roll in like manner as those

provisions apply with regard to the particulars

required by any other enactment to be so

shown:

(10) Any officer or person employed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and authorised

by them for the purpose, shall, so far as

regards any of the particulars required by

the foregoing provisions of this section to be

shown in the valuation roll have the like rights

of complaint and appeal as are conferred on any

party or body interested by the Lands Valuation

(Scotland) Act, 1854, as amended by any subsequent Act, and shall if he considers that the

yearly rent or value of any agricultural or

industrial or freight-transport lands and heritages entered in the valuation roll is excessive

have the like right of appeal as is conferred by

the said Act as so amended on the proprietor

or tenant or occupier of lands and heritages,

and shall also be entitled to appear and be

heard in any proceeding under the said Act

as so amended in which any question as to

the application of the provisions of this Act

to any lands and heritages is raised:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall

apply to the valuation roll made up by the

assessor of railways and canals or to any

valuation roll for any year subsequent to the

year beginning the sixteenth day of May,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine:

(11) The expression "agricultural lands and heri-

" tages" means any lands and heritages used

1928. Rating and Valuation Ch. 44. 355

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

for agricultural or pastoral purposes only or as

woodlands, market gardens, orchards, allotments or allotment gardens and any lands exceeding one quarter of an acre used for the

purpose of poultry farming, but does not include

any lands occupied together with a house as

a park, garden or pleasure ground or any land

kept or preserved mainly or exclusively "for

sporting purposes:

(12) Minerals which are being worked shall, for the

purposes of this Act, be deemed to be lands

and heritages occupied and used as a mine:

(13) The foregoing provisions shall apply to any

valuation roll (including a supplementary valuation roll) made up in accordance with the Lands

Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, as amended by

any subsequent Act or section sixty of the Burgh 3 Edw. 7.

Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, as so amended, for c - 33.

the year beginning sixteenth May, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, or for any subsequent

year:

(14) The assessor shall be entitled at any reasonable time of day, on giving not less than

twenty-four hours previous notice in writing

to the occupier, to enter, survey, and value for

the purposes of the Lands Valuation (Scotland)

Act, 1854, and the Acts amending that Act,

including this Act, any lands and heritages

within the county or burgh or district for

which he acts as assessor, and if any person

refuses to admit the assessor to enter any

lands and heritages or obstructs him in making

his survey or valuation he shall be liable on

conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction

to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds:

(15) As respects the valuation of lands and heritages

for the year beginning on the sixteenth day of

May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, the

following provisions shall have effect:—-

(a) Any officer or person employed by

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and

authorised by them for the purpose shall for

the purpose of carrying out his powers and

duties under this Act have the like rights as

356

Ch. 44.

Short title,

construction,

and extent.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(. Apportionment) Act, 1928.

the assessor to enter, survey, and value any

lands and heritages to which he has reason

to believe the provisions of this Act may

apply, and any person refusing to admit such

officer or person or obstructing him in making

his survey or valuation shall be liable on

conviction by a court of summary jurisdiction

to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds;

(b) The Secretary of State may make regulations requiring the assessor to consult with

any such officer or person employed as aforesaid as regards any particulars required by

this section to be shown in the valuation

roll, and generally for the purpose of carrying

into effect the provisions of' this Act, and

' such regulations may modify and adapt the

provisions of the Lands Valuation (Scotland)

Act, 1854, and the Acts amending that Act.

The regulations shall be laid before both

Houses of Parliament as soon as may be

after they are made:

Provided that, if an address is presented to

His Majesty by either House within the n6xt

subsequent twenty-one days on which that

House has sat after the regulations are laid

before it, praying that the regulations may

be annulled, the regulations shall thenceforth

be void, without prejudice to the validity of

anything previously done thereunder.

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Rating and

Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928.

(2) This Act, except in its application to Scotland,

shall be construed as one with the principal Act and the

expression " prescribed" means prescribed *by rules made

under the principal Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1928.

Rating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928,

Ch. 44.

357

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions for bringing into conformity with this Act Valuation Lists which will be in force

ON THE 1st DAY OF OCTOBER 1929.

1. As soon as practicable after the passing of this Act

every rating authority shall publish a notice in the prescribed

form of the passing of this Act containing—

(a) an intimation that the rating authority are about to

begin the preparation of such preliminary draft special

list as is hereafter mentioned;

(b) a direction that the occupier of any hereditament who

claims that his hereditament is an industrial hereditament or a freight-transport hereditament within the

meaning of this Act shall within the prescribed time

send to the rating authority a claim in the prescribed

form containing the prescribed particulars;

(c) a statement of the places where forms of claim may be

obtained.

2. As soon as any such claims are received the rating

authority shall consider them and shall begin the preparation of a

preliminary draft special list in the prescribed form in which shall

be included all hereditaments which they provisionally conclude

to be agricultural hereditaments and all hereditaments with

respect to which claims have been received together with the

net annual value thereof, and the gross value thereof (if any),

and there shall be entered in relation to each hereditament in

respect of which a claim has been made the provisional conclusions of the rating authority as to—

(a) whether or not the hereditament is an industrial

hereditament or a freight-transport hereditament, as

the case may be;

(b) whether the hereditament is occupied and used wholly

for industrial purposes or transport purposes, as the

case may be, or is partly so occupied and used;

Section 1.

358

Ch. 44.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

1st Sch.

— cont.

and, if partly so occupied and used, the proportions of the net annual value attributable to the

occupation and- user thereof for those purposes and

to the user and occupation thereof for other purposes

respectively;

(c) in the case of a freight-transport hereditament the

whole or part of the net annual value whereof is attributable to the occupation and user thereof for two or more

transport purposes, the proportions of the net annual

value attributable to the occupation and user thereof

for the several transport purposes.

3. The rating authority shall not later than the prescribed

date send to the revenue officer a copy of the preliminary draft

-special list prepared by them, together with the forms of claims

received in respect of the hereditaments comprised in the list

and in the case of agricultural hereditaments any returns made

under the principal Act in relation thereto:

Provided that the rating authority may if they think fit,

and shall if so required by the revenue officer, from time to

time before the said date send to the revenue officer copies

of instalments of such draft list.

4. The revenue officer on receiving the copy of a preliminary

draft special list or instalment thereof so sent to him shall consider the contents thereof; and if, as respects any hereditament

the revenue officer considers that the net annual value or gross

value entered in respect thereof is excessive, or differs from any

of the other conclusions arrived at by the rating authority,

the revenue officer and the rating authority shall consult with

each other as to whether the hereditament is to be entered in

the list, and, if So, as to the particulars with respect thereto

and the net annual value or gross value to be so entered.

The revenue officer shall return to the rating authority the

forms of claim sent to him.

6. The rating authority shall not later than the prescribed

date cause a draft special list to be prepared in the prescribed

form, and the hereditaments and the particulars relating thereto

to be entered in that list-—

(a) in so far as there is an agreement between the rating

authority and the revenue officer, shall be those so

agreed;

(b) in so far as there is no such agreement, shall be the

conclusions finally arrived at with respect thereto by

the rating authority on the one hand and the conclusions arrived at by the revenue officer on the other;

and the draft list so prepared shall on or before the said date

be deposited, and a copy thereof transmitted to the assessment

1928.

Rating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

Ch. 44.

359

committee, together with the forms of claim received by the

rating authority:

Provided that the rating authority may if they think fit,

and shall if. so required by the assessment committee, cause

the said draft list to be prepared in instalments and as soon

as any instalment thereof is prepared shall deposit the instalment and transmit a copy thereof to the assessment committee,

together with the relevant forms of claim.

The rating authority on depositing a draft special list or an

instalment thereof shall also send a copy thereof to the revenue

officer.

6. The assessment committee shall hold meetings for the

consideration of the draft special list and shall not later than the

prescribed date finally approve the list and send the list as so

finally approved to the rating authority.

7. All the provisions of the principal Act as to—

(i) the preparation, deposit, inspection and revision of

draft valuation fists;

(ii) the making and hearing of objections to draft valuation

lists and appeals against decisions on such objections;

(iii) the final approval of valuation fists and the inspection

thereof;

shall apply as respects draft special lists and special lists, subject

to the foregoing provisions of this schedule and to the following

modifications and exceptions :—

(a) Where the particulars with respect to any hereditament

entered in a draft special fist or an instalment thereof

whether by agreement between the revenue officer and

the rating authority, or at the instance of either of them,

differ from the particulars contained in the claim, or

if a claim to have any hereditament inserted in the draft

fist has been rejected, the rating authority shall within

seven days after the deposit of the list send to the

claimant a copy of so much of the draft list as relates

to that hereditament, or, as the case may be, a notice

that the claim has been rejected:

(b) In so far as the particulars entered in the draft special

fist with regard to any hereditament are agreed

between the rating authority and the revenue officer,

or where a claim to have a hereditament inserted in

the list has been rejected in pursuance of such an

agreement, the assessment committee shall not have

power to alter those particulars, or to insert the

1st Sce.

— cont.

360

Ch. 44.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

hereditament, otherwise than in determining an

objection:’—

(c) In so far as the particulars entered in the draft special

list with regard to any hereditament haye not been

agreed between the rating authority and the revenue

officer, the assessment committee shall consider those

particulars, and after giving to the rating authority, the

revenue officer, and the occupier of the hereditament an

opportunity of being heard and calling and examining

witnesses, shall enter in the list such particulars as they

may think proper, and for all purposes (including the

right of appeal to quarter sessions) such consideration

by the assessment committee shall be deemed to be the

consideration of an objection, and their decision with

respect to the particulars to be entered shall be deemed

to be a decision on an objection;

The assessment committee shall give to the rating

authority, the revenue officer, and the occupier of the

hereditament fourteen days notice of the date on which

they will consider any such particulars:

(d) An owner of a hereditament shall be entitled to object '

to the particulars entered in a draft special list with

respect to the hereditament, or to the omission of the

hereditament therefrom, and to appeal against the

decision on such objection notwithstanding that the

omission was due to the failure on the part of the

occupier of the hereditament to make a claim under

this schedule:

(e) The provisions as to the making of false returns shall

apply to the making of false claims:

(f) The revenue officer shall have the like rights of entering

and surveying and valuing any hereditament as are

given to a person employed and duly authorised by the

rating authority:

(g) The revenue officer shall have the like rights with

respect to receiving notice of, and opposing objections

to, a list, and with respect to appealing and receiving

notices of, and resisting, appeals, as the occupier of a

hereditament:

(h) The time within which notice of appeal is to be given

shall be twenty-one days from the date on which the

decision appealed against is given:

(i) As respects London no appeal shall lie to special sessions

against a special list, and meetings of quarter

1928

Bating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

Ch. , 44.

361

sessions for hearing appeals against decisions on

objections to special lists shall be held as soon as

may be after the prescribed date:

(j) In London the provisions as to re-deposit shall not

apply.

8. Any valuation list which is in force in any racing

area on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, shall as from that date have effect as if as

respects any hereditament included in the special list made

for that area the particulars as to value (including apportionments of value) with respect to the hereditament entered in the

special list were substituted for the particulars as to value with

respect to the hereditament appearing in the valuation list, and

the special list shall, subject to the provisions of this Schedule,

be deemed to form part of a valuation list for the purposes of the principal Act and of this Act.

9. If by reason of the coming into occupation of any

hereditament, or any change of user of, or structural alteration

to, or other circumstance affecting, any hereditament (whether

occurring before or after the deposit of a special list or the

relevant instalment thereof) the special list would on the first

day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, be incomplete or incorrect as regards any entry therein, it shall be the

duty of the rating authority to make application to the assessment committee, and the committee, after giving fourteen

days notice to the revenue officer and to the occupier of the

hereditament, shall hear the application as if it were an objection, and make such addition to or alteration in the special list

, as they may think proper:

Provided that an appeal shall lie against the decision of the

committee upon such an application as if the decision had been

a decision upon an objection against the draft special list as

deposited.

10. For the purposes of this Schedule the expression

" revenue officer" means any officer or person employed by the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue and authorised by them to

exercise any powers or perform any duties conferred or imposed

on a revenue officer by this Schedule, and the expression

" occupier, " in relation to a hereditament the owner of which

is liable to pay or does pay the rates, includes the owner.

- - A or THE A

BOMBAY

\9. BRANCH tl

1st Sch.

— cone.

362

Ch. 44.

Section 7.

Rating and Valuation 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

SECOND' SCHEDULE.

Contents of

valuation

list.

Record of

totals.

Correction

of clerical

errors.

Power of

authorities

to employ

valuers.

Valuation

list not to

be rendered

invalid by

certain

failures or

omissions.

Power to

make rules.

Provisions of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, applied

i to London.

21.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, there shall be

inserted in the valuation list such particulars with respect to

every hereditament in the rating area and the value thereof as

may be prescribed.

29. Every assessment committee shall cause to be kept a

record of such particulars with respect to totals of values as

may be prescribed for every rating area in the assessment area,

and for every other area therein in the case of which total values

"are required to be inserted in the valuation list.

30. An assessment committee may at any time cause to

be corrected any clerical or arithmetical error in a valuation

list, and the valuation list shall have effect accordingly, but if

the correction is made in respect of any matter other than totals,

the committee shall before making the correction send notice

thereof to the occupier of the hereditament affected and to the

rating authority of the rating area, and shall allow seven days to

elapse for the making of any objection to the proposed correction.

38.—(1) Any rating authority or assessment committee may,

if they think fit, employ a competent person to give advice or

assistance in connection with the valuation of any hereditaments

in their area, and any person so employed shall have power, at

all reasonable times and after giving due notice, and on production, if so required, of authorisation in writing in that behalf

from the rating authority or committee authenticated by the

signature of their clerk, to enter on, survey and value any hereditament in the area of the authority or committee which the authority

or committee may direct him to survey and value.

(2) If any person wilfully delays or obstructs any person

in the exercise of any of his powers under this section, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five

pounds.

44. Any failure on the part of a rating authority or assessment committee to complete any proceedings with respect to

the preparation of a valuation list within the time required by

this Act, or the omission from a valuation list of any matters

required by this Act to be included therein, shall not of itself

render the list invalid.

58.—(I) The Minister of Health, after consultation with any

local authority or association of local authorities with whom

consultation appears to him to be desirable, may by rules

prescribe anything which by this Act is to be prescribed and the

form of any rate, demand note, valuation list, statement, return

1928. Rating and Valuation Ch. 44, 45.

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

or other document whatsoever which is required or authorised

to be used under or for the purposes of this Act.

(2) Every rule made under this section shall be laid before

both Houses of Parliament forthwith, and if an Address is

presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within

the next subsequent twenty-eight days on which that House

hds sat after any such rule is laid before it praying that the rule

may be annulled, it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice

to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or the

making of a new rule.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend the Companies Acts, 1908 to

1917, and for purposes connected therewith.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Provisions of General Application.

1.—(1) A company shall not, except with the consent of the Board of Trade, be registered by a name which contains the word "Royal " or " Imperial " or " Municipal "

or " Chartered " or which in the opinion of the registrar

suggests, or is calculated to suggest, the patronage of

His Majesty or of any member of the Royal Family or

connection with His Majesty’s Government or any department thereof or with any municipality or other local

authority or society or body incorporated by Royal

Charter.

(2) No company shall be registered by a name

which contains the word "Co-operative " except with the

consent of the Board of Trade.

(3) No company, other than an association which

in pursuance of section twenty of the principal Act is

to be registered without the addition of the word

" Limited " to its name, shall be registered by a name

which contains the words "Chamber of Commerce."

If in the case of a company which has been registered by a name containing the words "Chamber of

363

2nd Soh.

— cont.

Restriction

on registration of

companies

by certain

names.

364

Ch. 45.

Declaration

as to operation of s. 9

of principal

Act.

Alterations

in memorandum or

articles

increasing

liability to

contribute

to share

capital not

to bind

existing

members

without

consent.

Amendment

of s. 18 of

principal

Act.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Commerce " the licence granted under the said section

twenty is revoked by the Board of Trade, the name of the company shall, within a period of six weeks from the

date of the revocation or such longer period as the Board

may think fit to allow, be changed to a name, which does

not contain the words "Chamber of Commerce, " and if

the name of the company is not so changed the company

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds for

every day dining which the default continues.

In any such case the notice to be given by the

Board of Trade under subsection (4) of the said section

of their intention to revoke the said licence shall include

a statement of the effect of the last foregoing paragraph

of this subsection.

(4) No company shall be registered by a name

which contains the words "building society."

2. For removing doubts it is hereby declared that

a company has power under section nine of the principal

Act to alter the provisions of its memorandum by including among its objects a power to sell or dispose of the whole undertaking of the company and a power to

amalgamate with any other company or body of persons.

3. Notwithstanding anything in the memorandum or

articles of a company, no member of the company shall,

subject as hereinafter provided, be bound by any alteration made in the memorandum or articles after the date

on which he became a member if and so far as the alteration requires' him to take or subscribe for more shares

than the number held by him at the date on which the

alteration is made or in any way increases his liability

as at that date to contribute to the share capital of or

otherwise to pay money to the company:

Provided that this section shall not apply in any

case where the member agrees in writing to be bound

by the alteration either before or after it is made.

4. Section eighteen of the principal Act (which

requires copies of the memorandum and articles of a

company to be given to the members) shall be amended

as follows:—

(a) at the end of subsection (1) there shall be

inserted the words "and also, on payment of

" such sum not exceeding the published price

" thereof as the company may require, a copy

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

365

" of any Act of Parliament which alters the

" memorandum ":

(b) at the end of subsection (2) there shall be

inserted the words "and every director, manager,

" secretary, or other officer of the company

" who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

" permits the default shall be liable to the like

" penalty ":

(c) after subsection (2) there shall be inserted the

following new subsection:

" (3) Where any alteration is made in the

memorandum of a company, every copy

of the memorandum issued after the date

of the alteration shall be in accordance with

the alteration.

"If, where any such alteration has been

made, the company at any time after the

date of the alteration, issues any copies of the memorandum which are not in accordance with the alteration, it shall be liable to

a fine not exceeding one pound for each

copy so issued, and every director, manager,

secretary or other officer of the company who

knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits

the issue shall be liable to the like penalty."

5.—(1) Every company having more than fifty Index of

members shall, unless the register of members is in such members of

a form as to constitute in itself an index, keep an index company,

of the names of the members of the company and shall,

within fourteen days. after the date on which any

alteration is made in the register of the members, make

any necessary alteration in the index.

(2) The index (which may be in the form of a card

index) shall in respect of each member contain a

sufficient indication to enable the account of that

member in the register to be readily found.

(3) Subsection (1) of section thirty of the principal

Act (which relates to the inspection of the register of

members) shall have effect as if the index required to be

kept by this section were a part of the register of

members, and subsection (3) of the said section thirty

shall apply accordingly.

(4) If a company fails to comply with this section,

it shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for

every day during which the default continues, and every

366

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of s. 26 of

principal

Act.

director, manager, secretary or other officer of the

company who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

permits the default shall be liable to the like penalty.

6. Section twenty-six of the principal Act (which

relates to the annual list of the members of a company

and the summary to be contained in that list) shall be

amended as' follows:—

(a) In subsection (1) for the words "make a list"

there shall be substituted the words "make a

" return containing a list ";

(b) in subsection (2) before the words "must contain" there shall be inserted the words "if - the

" names therein are not arranged in alpha-

" betical order, must have annexed to it an

" index sufficient to enable the name of any

" person in the list to be readily found.

" The return must also state the address of the

" registered office of the company" and the

words " or stock " and the words "or amount

" of stock " shall be omitted therefrom and the

following shall be substituted for paragraph (l):

" (l)all such particulars with respect to '

the persons who at the date of the return

are the directors of the company as are

under section seventy-five of this Act

required to be contained with respect to

directors in the register of the directors of

a company ":

Provided that the inclusion in the annual

return of a statement as to the address, of the

registered office of the company shall not be

taken to be in satisfaction of the obligation

of a company under section sixty-two of the

principal Act to give notice to the registrar of

companies of the situation of its registered

office and of any change therein;

(c) in paragraph (m) of subsection (2) for the words

"debt due from" there shall be substituted the

words " the indebtedness of ";

(d) the following shall be substituted for subsection (3):—

" (3) Except where the company is a

private company, the annual return shall

include a written copy, certified by a director

or the manager or secretary of the company

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

367

to be a true copy, of the Jast balance sheet

which has been audited by the company’s

auditors (including every document required

by law to be annexed thereto) together with

a copy of the report of the auditors thereon

(certified as aforesaid), and if any such balance

sheet is in a foreign language there shall also

be annexed to it a translation thereof in

English, certified in the prescribed manner, .to

be a correct translation:

Provided that, if the said last balance sheet

did not comply with the requirements of the

law as in force at the date of the audit

with respect to the form of balance sheets

there shall be made such additions to and

corrections in the said copy as would have

been required to be made in the said balance

sheet in order to make it comply with the said

requirements, and the fact that the said copy

has been so amended shall be stated thereon ";

(e) in subsection (4) the words "annual return "

shall be substituted for the words "above list

and summary, " the words "fourteen days "

shall be substituted for the words "seven

days, " and after the words "signed by " there

shall be inserted the words "a director or by ";

(f) in subsection (5) for the words "and manager "

there shall be substituted the words "manager,

secretary or other officer ";

7.—(1) Every company not having a share capital

shall once at least in every calendar year make a return

stating—

(a) the address of the registered office of the

company;

(b) all such particulars with respect to the persons

who at the date of the return are the directors

of the company as are under section seventy-

five of the principal Act required to be contained

with respect to directors in the register of

directors of a company;

(2) There shall be annexed to the return a statement

containing particulars of the total amount of the

indebtedness of the company in respect of all mortgages

and charges which are required (or, in the case of a

Annual

return to be

made by

company

not having

share

capital.

368

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Transfer of

shares or

debentures

not to be

registered

oxcept on

production

of instrument of

transfer.

Amendment

of s. 30 of

principal

Act.

company registered in Scotland, •which, if the company

had been registered in England, would be required) to be

registered oath the registrar of companies under the

principal Act.

(3) The inclusion in the return of a statement as

to the address of the registered office of the company

shall not be taken to be in satisfaction of the obligation

of the company under section sixty-two of the principal

Act to give notice to the registrar of companies of the

situation of its registered office and of any change therein.

(4) The return must be contained in a separate part

of the register of members and must be completed within

twenty-eight days after the first or only general meeting

in the year, and the company shall forthwith forward to

the registrar of companies a copy signed by a director or

by the manager or secretary of the company.

(5) Subsections (3) and (5) of section twenty-six

of the principal Act shall apply for the purposes of this

section as if they were herein re-enacted.

8. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in its articles, it

shall not be lawful for a company to register a transfer

of shares in or debentures of the ^company unless a >

proper instrument of transfer has been delivered to the

company:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prejudice

any power of the company to register as shareholder

or debenture holder any person to whom the right to

any shares in or debentures of the company has been

transmitted by operation of law.

(2) The production to a company of any document which is by law sufficient evidence of probate of the will, or letters of administration of the estate, of a

deceased person having been granted to some person

shall be accepted by the company, notwithstanding anything in its articles, as sufficient evidence of the grant.

9. Section thirty of the principal Act* (which relates

to the inspection of the register of members) shall be

amended as follows:—

(a) at the end of subsection (2) there shall be

inserted the following paragraph:—

" The company shall cause any copy so

required by any person to be sent to that

person within a period of ten days commencing on the day next after the day on

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

369

which the requirement is received by the

company ";

(b) the following shall be substituted for subsection

(3)

" (3) If any inspection required under this

section is refused or if any copy required

under this section is not sent within the

proper period, the company shall be liable

in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding two pounds, and to a further fine

not exceeding two pounds for every day

during which the refusal or default continues,

and every director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company who knowingly

and wilfully authorises or permits the refusal

or default shall be liable to the like penalty,

and. the court may by order compel an

immediate inspection of the register or direct

that the copies required shall be sent to the

persons requiring them."

10, — (1) The following shall be substituted for Amend-

section thirty-four of the principal Act (which authorises men ts with

companies to keep colonial registers):— colonial*

" (1) A company having a share capital whose registers,

objects comprise the transaction of business

in any part of His Majesty’s Dominions outside

Great Britain, the Channel Islands or the Isle

of Man may cause to be kept in any such part

of His Majesty’s Dominions in which it transacts business a branch register of members

resident in that part (in this Act called a

‘ Dominion register ’).

" (2) The company shall give to the registrar of

companies notice of the situation of the office

where any Dominion register is kept and of any

change in its situation, and if it is discontinued

of its discontinuance, and any such notice shall

be given within fourteen days of the opening

of the office or of the change or discontinuance,

as the case may be."

(2) For references to a colonial register wherever

they occur in the principal Act or in any articles registered

A a

370

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to branch

registers of

Dominion

companies

kept in the

United

Kingdom.

before the commencement of this Act there shall be substituted references to a Dominion register.

(3) If a company makes default in complying with the

provisions of subsection (2) of the said section thirty-four

or of subsection (3) of section thirty-five of the principal

Act (which'enacts regulations as to colonial registers),

it shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for

every day during which the default continues, and every

director, manager, secretary or other officer of the

company who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

permits the default shall be liable to the like penalty.

(4) The particulars of the entries in the Dominion

register of a company shall, so far as they relate to

matters which are required to be stated in the annual

return to be made under section twenty-six of the principal

Act, be included in the annual return made next after

copies of those entries are received at the registered office

of the company.

(5) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct

that sections thirty-four, thirty-five., and thirty-six of ,

the principal Act, including any enactments for the

time being in force amending or substituted for those

sections, shall extend, with or without any exceptions,

adaptations or modifications specified in the Order, to

any territories under His Majesty’s protection to which

those sections cannot be extended under the Foreign

Jurisdiction Acts, 1890 and 1913.

His Majesty may by Order in Council revoke or

vary any Order made under this subsection.

11 .— (1) If by virtue of the law in force in any

part of His Majesty’s Dominions outside Great Britain

companies incorporated under that law have power to

keep in Great Britain branch registers of their members

resident in Great Britain, His Majesty may by Order

in Council direct that sections thirty and thirty-two of the principal Act shall, subject to any modifications and

adaptations specified in the Order, apply to and in

relation to any such branch registers kept in Great

Britain as they apply to and in relation to the registers

of companies wdthin the meaning of the principal Act.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" His Majesty’s Dominions " includes any territory which

is under His Majesty’s protection or in respect of which

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

371

Ch. 45.

a mandate under the League of Nations has been

accepted by His Majesty.

12. Section forty-one of the principal Act (which

gives power to a company limited by shares to alter

.its share capital) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) in subsection (1) after the words "limited

by shares " there shall be inserted the wolds

" or a company limited by guarantee and having

a share capital ";

(b) subsection (3) shall cease to have effect.

13. Subsection (2) of section forty-one of the

principal Act (which relates to the power of a company

to alter its share capital) shall be amended by leaving out

the words "with respect to sub-division of shares, "

and substituting the words "the company in general

meeting " for the words "special resolution.

14. The following section shall be substituted for

section forty-two of the principal Act:—

" (1) If a company having a share capital has—

(a) consolidated and divided its share

capital into shares of larger amount than its

existing shares; or

(b) converted any of its shares into stock;

or

(c) re-converted stock into shares; or

(d) redeemed any redeemable preference

shares; or

(e) cancelled (otherwise than in connection

with a reduction of share capital under section

forty-six of this Act) any shares,

it shall within one month after so doing give

notice thereof to the registrar of companies

specifying, as the case may be, the shares

consolidated, divided, converted, redeemed or

cancelled, or the stock re-converted.

" (2) If a company makes default in complying with

the provisions of this section, it shall be liable

to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every

day during which the default continues, and

every director, manager, secretary or other

Amendment

of subsection (1) and

repeal of

subsection

(3) of s. 41

of .principal

Act.

Amendment

of subsection (2) of

8. 41 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 42 of

principal

Act.

372

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of s. 44 of

principal

Act.

Prohibition

of provision of

financial

assistance

by company

for purchase of its

own shares.

officer of the company who knowingly and

wilfully authorises or permits the default shall

be liable to the like penalty."

15 . Section forty-four of the principal Act (which

provides for; the giving of notice of the increase of share

capital or of the members of a company) shall be

amepded as follows:—

n

(a) in subsection (1) the words "or in the case of a

" special resolution the confirmation" shall

cease to have effect;

(b) after subsection (1) there shall be inserted the

following new subsection:—

" (1a) In the case of an increase of share

capital the notice to be given as aforesaid

shall include such particulars as may be

prescribed with respect to the classes of

shares affected and the conditions subject

to which the new shares have been or are to

be issued, and there shall be forwarded to

the registrar of companies together with the ,

notice a printed copy ' 1 of the resolution

authorising the increase ";

(c) in subsection (2) for the words "and manager "

there shall be substituted the words "manager,

" secretary or other officer."

16 . —(1)Subject as hereinafter provided, it shall

not be lawful for a company to give, whether directly or

indirectly, and whether by means of a loan, guarantee,

the provision of security or otherwise, any financial

assistance for the purpose of or in connection with a

purchase made or to be made by any person of any

shares in the company:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be taken

to prohibit—

(a) where the lending of money is part of the

ordinary business of a company, the lending of

money by the company in the ordinary course

of its business;

(b) the provision by a company, in accordance with

any scheme for the time being in force, of

money for the purchase by trustees of fully-

paid shares in the company to be held by or

for the benefit of employees of the company.

1928. Companies Act, 1928. Ch. 45. 373

including any director holding a salaried

employment or office in the company;

(c) the making by a company of loans to persons

bona fide in the employment of the company

with a view to enabling those persons to

purchase fully-paid shares in the company to

be held by themselves by way of beneficial

ownership.

(2) Nothing in proviso (c) to subsection (1) of this

section shall render lawful the making of a loan to a

person who is a director of the company.

(3) The aggregate amount of any outstanding loans

made under the authority of provisoes (5) and (c) to

subsection (1) of this section shah be shown as a separate

item in the balance sheet.

(4) If a company acts in contravention of the provisions of this section, it shall be liable to a fine, not

exceeding one hundred pounds, and every director,

manager, secretary or other officer of the company who

knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits the contravention shall be liable to the like penalty.

17.—(1) If in the case of any company, the Rights of

share capital of which is divided into different classes holders of

of shares, provision is made by the memorandum special

or articles for authorising the variation of the rights of

attached to any class of shares in the company,

subject to the consent of any specified proportion

of the holders of the issued shares of that class

or the sanction of a resolution passed at a separate

meeting of the holders of those shares, and in pursuance

of the said provision the rights attached to any such

class of shares are at any time varied, the holders of not

less in the aggregate than fifteen per cent, of the issued

shares of that class, being persons who did not consent

to, or vote in favour of the resolution for, the variation,

may apply to the court to have the variation cancelled,

and, where any such application is made, the variation

shall not have effect unless and until it is confirmed by

the court.

(2) An application under this section must be made

within seven days after the date on which the consent

was given or the resolution was passed, as the case

may be, and may be made on behalf of the shareholders

entitled to make the application by such one or more

374

Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

of their number as they may appoint in writing for the

purpose.

(3) On any such application the court, after hearing

the applicant and any other persons who apply to the

court to be heard and appear to the court to be interested

in the application, may, if it is satisfied, having regard

to all the circumstances of the case, that the variation

would unfairly prejudice the shareholders of the class

represented by the applicant, disallow the variation and

shall, if not so satisfied, confirm the variation.

(4) The decision of the court on any such application

shall be final.

(5) The company shall within fifteen days after the

making of an order by the court on any such application

forward a copy of the order to the registrar of companies,

and, if the company fails to comply with this provision,

it shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for

every day during which the default continues, and every

director, manager, secretary or other officer of the

company who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

permits the default shall be liable to , jthe like penalty.

(6) The expression "variation " in this section

includes abrogation and the expression "varied " shall

be construed accordingly.

Power to 18 . —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a

issue re- company limited by shares may, if so authorised by its

deemable articles, issue preference shares which are, or at the

preference option of the company are to be liable, to be redeemed:

snares.

Provided that—

(a) no such shares shall be redeemed except out

of profits of the company which would otherwise be available for dividend or out of the

proceeds of a fresh issue of shares made

for the purposes of the redemption;

{ b)no such shares shall be redeemed unless they

are fully paid;

(c) where any such shares are redeemed otherwise

than out of the proceeds of a fresh issue, there

shall out of profits which would otherwise

have been available for dividend be transferred to a reserve fund, to be called " the

capital redemption reserve fund, " a sum

equal to the amount applied in redeeming

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

375

the shares, and the provisions of the principal

Act relating to the reduction of the share

capital of a company shall, except as hereinafter provided, apply as if the capital redemption reserve fund were paid up share capital

o of the company;

(d) where any such shares are redeemed out of the proceeds of a fresh issue, if a premium

is payable on redemption, such premium shall

have been provided for out of the profits of the company before the shares are redeemed.

(2) There shall be included in every balance sheet

of a company which has issued redeemable preference

shares a statement specifying what part of the issued

capital of the company consists of such shares and the

date on or before which those shares are, or are to be

liable, to be redeemed.

If a company fails to comply with the provisions of this subsection, it shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds, and every director, manager, secretary or other officer of the company who knowingly and

wilfully authorises or permits the default shall be liable

to the like penalty.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, the

redemption of preference shares thereunder may be

effected on such terms and in such manner as may be

provided by the articles of the company.

(4) Where in pursuance of this section a company

has redeemed or is about to redeem any preference

shares, it shall have power to issue shares up to the

nominal amount of the shares redeemed or to be

redeemed as if those shares had never been issued, and

accordingly the share capital of the company shall not

for the purposes of any enactments relating to stamp

duty be deemed to be increased by the issue of shares

in pursuance of this subsection:

Provided that, where new shares are issued before

the redemption of the old shares, the new shares shall not,

so far as relates to stamp duty, be deemed to have been

issued in pursuance of this subsection unless the old

shares are redeemed within one month after the issue of the new shares.

(5) Where new shares have been issued in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, the capital

376

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Reduction

of capital.

Amendment

of s. 62 of

principal

Act.

redemption reserve fund may, notwithstanding anything

in this section, be applied by the company, up to an

amount equal to the nominal-amount of the shares so

issued, in paying up unissued shares of the company to

be issued to members of the company as fully paid

bonus shares.

19 . — (1)The following section shall be substituted

for .section forty-eight of the principal Act (which

provides for the addition to the name of a company of the words "and reduced "):—

" Where the court makes an order confirming

a reduction of the share capital of a company,

it may, if for any special reason it thinks proper

so to do, direct that the company shall, during

such period (commencing on or"at any time after

the date of the order) as is specified in the order,

add to its name as the last words thereof the words

‘ and reduced, ’ and those words shall, until the

expiration of the period specified, be deemed

to be part of the name of the company."

(2) Where an application has "been made to the '

court for the confirmation of a reduction of share capital

which involves either the diminution of any liability in

respect of unpaid share capital or the payment to any

shareholder of any paid-up share capital, the court may,

if having regard to any special circumstances of the case

it thinks proper so to do, direct that section forty-nine

of the principal Act (which makes provision with respect

to objections by creditors and the settlement of a list of the objecting creditors in cases of reduction of capital),

shall not, as regards any class or any classes of creditors,

apply in relation to the reduction to which the application relates, and, where the court so directs, the consent of the creditors of that class or those classes to the

reduction shall not be required.

(3) Section forty of the principal Act (which gives

power to return accumulated profits in reduction of

paid-up share capital), shall cease to have effect.

20 . Section sixty-two of the principal Act (which

relates to the registered office of a company) shall be

amended as follows:—

(a) In subsection (1) after the word "shall" there

shall be inserted the words "as from the day

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

377

" on which it begins to carry on business or as

" from the twenty-eighth day after the date of

" its incorporation, whichever is the earlier ":

(b) In subsection (2) after the word "given" there

shall be inserted the words "within twenty-

" eight days after the date of the incorporation

" of the company or of the change, as the case

" may be ":

(c) The following shall be substituted for subsection

(3):—

" (3) If a company makes default in complying with the requirements of this section,

it shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

five pounds for every day during which

the default continues, and every director,

manager, secretary or other officer of t the

company who knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits the default shall be liable to

the like penalty."

21. Section sixty-five of the principal Act (which

relates to the first statutory meeting of a company) shall

be amended as follows:—

(a) For the words in subsection (1) from the

beginning thereof down to the words "hundred

and one" inclusive there shall be substituted

the words "Every company limited by shares

" and every company limited by guarantee

" and having a share capital ":

(b) The following shall be substituted for subsection (10):—

" (10) Nothing in this section shall apply

to a private company ":

(c) At the end of the section there shall be inserted

the following new subsection:

" (11) In the event of any default in

complying with the provisions of this section,

every director of the company who is guilty

of or who knowingly and wilfully authorises

or permits the default shall be liable to a fine

not exceeding fifty pounds."

Amendment

of s. 65 of

principal

Act.

378

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment 22. Section sixty-six of the principal Act (which

of s. 66 of provides for the convening of an extraordinary general

principal meeting on a requisition by certain shareholders) shall

c ' be amended as follows:—

(a) In subsection (1) for the words "the. holders of

" 1 not less than one-tenth of the issued share

" capital of the company upon which all calls or

" other sums then due have been paid, forth-

" with proceed " there shall be substituted the

words " members of the company holding at

" the date of the deposit of the requisition not

" less than one-tenth of such of the paid up

" capital of the company as at the date of the

" deposit carries the right of voting at general

" meetings of the company, or, in the case of a

" company not having a share capital, members

" of the company representing not less than

" one-tenth of the total voting rights of all the

" members having at the said date a right to

" vote at general meetings of the company

" forthwith proceed duly

(b) The following shall be substituted for subsection (3):—

" (3) If the directors do not within twenty-

one days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a

meeting, the requisitionists, or any of them

representing more than one half of the total

voting rights of all of them, may themselves

convene a meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration

of three months from the said date ":

(c) Subsection (4) shall cease to have effect:

(d) At the end of subsection (5) there shall be

inserted the following new subsections:—

" (6)‘ Any reasonable expenses incurred by

the requisitionists by reason of the failure of the directors duly to convene a meeting shall be

repaid to the requisitionists by the company,

and any sum so repaid shall be retained by

the company out of any sums due or to

become due from the company by way of

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

379

fees or other remuneration in respect of their

services to such of the directors as were in

default.

(7) For the purposes of this section, the

directors shall, in the case of a meeting at

" which a resolution is to be proposed as a

special resolution, be deemed not to have duly

convened the meeting if they do not give such

notice thereof as is required by section

sixty-nine of this Act."

23. The following section shall be substituted for

section sixty-seven of the principal Act (which makes

provision with respect to meetings and votes):—

"(1) The following provisions shall have

effect in so far as the articles of the company do

not make other provision in that behalf,

(a) a meeting of a company, other than

a meeting for the passing of a special

resolution, may be called by seven days ’

notice in writing;

(b) notice of the meeting of a company

shall be served on every member of the

company in the manner in which notices

are required to be served by Table A in

the First Schedule to this Act, and for the

purpose of this provision the expression

‘ Table A’means that table as for the

time being in force;

(c) two or more members holding not less

than one-tenth of the issued share capital or,

if the company has not a share capital, not

less than five per cent, in number of the

members of the company may call a

meeting;

(d) in the case of a private company two

members and in the case of any other

company three members personally present

shall be a quorum;

(e) any member elected by the members

present at a meeting may be chairman

thereof;

Amendment

of s. 67 of

principal

Act.

380

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of 8. 68 of

principal

Act.

(f) in the case of a company originally

having a share capital, every member shall

have one vote in-respect of each share or

each ten pounds of stock held by him, and

in any other case every member shall have

one vote.

(2) If for any reason it is impracticable to

call a meeting of a company in any manner in

which meetings of that company may be called or

to conduct the meeting of the company in manner

prescribed by the articles or this Act, the court,

either on the application of any director of the

company or of any member of the company who

would be entitled to vote at the meeting or of

its own motion, may order a meeting of the company to be called, held and conducted in such

manner as the court thinks fit, and where any

such order is made may give such ancillary or

consequential directions as it thinks expedient,

and any meeting called, held and conducted in

accordance with any such order shall for all purposes be deemed to be a meeting of the company *

duly called, held and conducted."

24. The following section shall be substituted for

section sixty-eight of the principal Act (which relates to

the representation of companies at meetings of other

companies of which they are members):—

" (1) A corporation, whether a company

within the meaning of this Act or not, may—

(a) if it is a member of another corporation, being a company within the meaning

of this Act, by resolution of its directors

or other governing body authorise such

person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the company

or at any meeting of any class of members

of the company;

(b) if it is a creditor (including a holder

of debentures) of another corporation, being

a company within the meaning of this Act,

by resolution of its directors or other

governing body authorise such person as it

thinks fit to act as its representative at any

1928.

Companies Act x 1928.

Ch. 45.

381

meeting of any creditors of the company

held in pursuance of this Act or of any

rules made thereunder, or in pursuance of the provisions contained in any debenture

or trust deed, as the case may be.

(2) A person authorised as aforesaid shall

be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf

of the corporation which he represents as that

corporation could exercise if it were an individual

shareholder, creditor, or holder of debentures, of

that other company."

25. Section sixty-nine of the principal Act (which

defines extraordinary resolutions and special resolutions)

shall be amended as follows:—

(1) In subsection (1) for the words "entitled to

vote as are present " there shall be substituted

the words "as, being entitled so to do, vote.’"

(2) The following shall be substituted for subsection (2):—

" (2) A resolution shall be a special resolution when it has been passed by such a

majority as is required for the passing of an

extraordinary resolution and at a general

meeting of which not less than twenty-one

days’ notice, specifying the intention to

propose the resolution as a special resolution,

has been duly given:

Provided that, if all the members entitled to

attend and vote at any such meeting so agree,

a resolution may be proposed and passed as a

special resolution at a meeting of which less

than twenty-one days’ notice has been

given."

(3) In subsection (3) the words "or confirmed"

shall cease to have effect.

(4) The following shall be substituted for subsection (4):—

" (4) At any meeting at which an extraordinary resolution or a special resolution is

submitted to be passed a poll shall be taken

to be effectively demanded, if demanded—

(a) by such number of members for the

time being entitled under the articles to

Amendment

of s. 69 of

principal

Act.

382 Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. 18 t & 19 Geo. 5.-

vote at the meeting as may be specified in

the articles, so, however, that it shall not

in any case be necessary for more than five

members to make the demand; or

(6) if no provision is made by the articles

with respect to the right to demand the

poll, by three members so entitled or by

one member or two members so entitled,

if that member holds or those two members

together hold not less than fifteen per cent,

of the paid up share capital of the company.

Amendment 26. Section seventy of the principal Act (which

of s. 70 oi makes provision with respect to registration and copies

principal 0 f special resolutions) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) The following shall be substituted for subsection (1):—

" (1) A printed copy of every special

resolution shall, within fifteen days after the

date of the passing thereof, be forwarded to

the registrar of companies and recorded by

him";

(b) In subsection (2) for the word "confirmation "

there shall be substituted the word "passing ";

(c) In subsection (3) for the words "a copy " there

shall be substituted the words "a printed

copy " and the words "in print" shall be

omitted;

(d) In subsection (4) the words "printing or " and

the words •" or extraordinary " shall be omitted;

(e) In subsection (5) the words "in print" shall

be omitted;

(f) In subsection (6) for the words "and manager"

there shall be substituted the words "mana-

" ger, secretary or other officer and every

" liquidator ";

(g) The following new subsection shall be inserted

at the end of the section:—

" (7) This section shall have effect as if

references therein to a special resolution

included references to every resolution or

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

383

agreement of any of the following classes, that

is to say:—

(i) Extraordinary resolutions;

(ii) Resolutions which have been agreed

to by all the members of a company, but

which, if not so agreed to, would not have

been effective for their purpose unless, (as

the case may be) they had been passed

as special resolutions or as extraordinary

resolutions;

(in) Resolutions or agreements which

have been agreed to by all the members

of some class of shareholders but which,

if not so agreed to, would not have been

effective for their purpose unless they had

been passed by some particular majority

or otherwise in some particular mariner,

and all resolutions or agreements which

effectively bind all the members of any

class of shareholders though not agreed to

by all those members;

(iv) Resolutions requiring a company to

be wound up voluntarily, passed under

paragraph (1) of section one hundred and

eighty-two of this Act."

27 . — (1)The books containing the minutes of proceedings of any general meeting of a company held after

this Act comes into operation shall be kept at the registered office of the company, and shall during business

hours (subject to such reasonable restrictions as the

company may by its articles or in general meeting

impose, so that no less than two hours in each day be

allowed for inspection) be open to the inspection of any

member gratis.

(2) Any member shall be entitled to be furnished

within seven days after he has made a request in that

behalf to the company with a copy of any such minutes

as aforesaid at a charge not exceeding sixpence for every

hundred words.

(3) If any inspection required under this section is

refused or if any copy required under this section is not

sent within the proper time the company shall be liable

Inspection

of minute

books.

384

Appointments of

directors •

(2) This section shall not apply to a private company..

Amendment 29. Section seventy-two of the principal Act (which

of s. 72 of enacts restrictions on the appointment or advertise-

principal ment of directors) shall be amended as follows:—

Act.

(a) In subsection (1) after the words "on behalf of the company " there shall be inserted the words

" or as proposed director of an intended com-

" pany in any prospectus issued in relation to

" that intended company ":

(b) The following shall be substituted for paragraph

(ii) of subsection (1):—

" (ii) either signed the memorandum for a

number of shares not less than his qualification, if any, or taken from the company and

paid or agreed to pay for his qualification

shares, if any, or signed and filed with the

registrar an undertaking in writing to take

from the company and pay for his qualification shares, if any, or made^ and forwarded

to the registrar a statutory declaration to

the effect that a number of shares, not less

than his qualification, if any, are registered

in his name."

(c) The following subsections shall be substituted

for subsection (3):—

" (3) Where a person has signed and filed

such an undertaking, he shall, as regards

those shares, be in the same position as if

Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5..

i.V

in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding two .

pounds and to a further fine not exceeding two pounds

for every day during which the refusal or default com

tinues, and every director, manager, secretary, or other

officer of the company who knowingly and wilfully

authorises 'or permits the refusal or default shall be

liable to the like penalty, and the court may by order

compel an immediate inspection of the books in respect

of all proceedings of general meetings or direct that the

copies required shall be sent to the persons requiring

them.

28.—(1) Every company registered after the commencement of this Act shall have at least two directors.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

385

1928.

lie had signed the memorandum for that

number of shares.

(4) This section shall not apply to a company not having a share capital, to a private

company, nor to a company which was a

private company before becoming a public

company, nor to a prospectus issued by or on

behalf of a company after the expiration, of

one year from the date on which the company

was entitled to commence business."

30 . Where after the commencement of this Act a

resolution is passed at an adjourned meeting of—

(a) a company;

(b) the holders of any class of shares in a company;

(c) the directors of a company;

(d) any creditors or contributories of a company;

the resolution shall for all purposes be treated as having

been passed on the date on which it was in fact passed,

and shall not be deemed to have been passed on any

earlier date.

31. The following shall be substituted for section

seventy-five of the principal Act (which provides for the

keeping of a register of the directors of a company):—

"(1) Every company shall keep at its registered office a register of its directors or managers

containing with respect to each of them the

following particulars, that is to say—

(a) in the case of an individual, his

present Christian name and surname, any

former Christian name or surname, his usual

residential address, his nationality, and, if

that nationality is not the nationality of

origin, his nationality of origin, and his

business occupation, if any, or, if he has no

business occupation but holds any other

directorship or directorships, particulars of

that directorship or of some one of those

directorships; and

(b) in the case of a corporation, its

corporate name and registered or principal

office.

B b

Resolutions

passed at

adjourned

meetings

Amendment

of s. 75 of

principal

Act.

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.;

386'M

(2) The company shall, within the periods

respectively mentioned in this subsection, send

to the registrar of companies a return in the

prescribed form containing the particulars specified

in the said register and a notification in the prescribed form of any change among itaf directors

or in any of the particulars contained in the

register.

For the purposes of this section, the period

within which the said return is to be sent shall be

a period of fourteen days from the appointment

of the first directors of the company, and the

period within which the said notification of a

change is to be sent shall be fourteen days from

the happening thereof.

(3) The register to be kept under this section

shall during business hours (subject tc such

reasonable restrictions as the company may by its

articles or in general meeting impose, so that not

less than two hours in each day be allowed for

inspection) be open to thdf inspection of any '

member of the company without charge and of

any other person on payment of one shilling, or

such less sum as the company may prescribe, for

each inspection.

(4) If any inspection required under this

section is refused or if default is made in compliance with the provisions of subsection (1) or

subsection (2) of this section, the company shall

be liable in respect of each offence to a fine not

exceeding five pounds for every day during which

the refusal or default continues, and every

director, manager, secretary or other officer of the

company who knowingly and wilfully authorises

or permits the refusal or default shall be liable to

the like penalty, and the court may by order

compel an immediate inspection of the register.

(5) In this section the expression "director"

includes any person in accordance with whose

directions or instructions the directors of the

company are accustomed to act."

Provisions 32.—(1) Where a company allots or agrees to allot

with respect an y B hares in or debentures of the company with a

to offers ggj *

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

387

view to all or any of those shares or debentures

being offered for sale to the public, any document

by which the offer for sale to the public is made

shall for all purposes be deemed to be a prospectus

issued by the company, and all enactments and rules

of law as to the contents of prospectuses and to liability

in respect of statements in and omissions from prospectuses, or otherwise relating to prospectuses, shall, apply

and have effect accordingly, as if the shares or debentures

had been offered to the public for subscription and as

if persons accepting the offer in respect of any shares or

debentures were subscribers for those shares or debentures, but without prejudice to the liability, if any, of the persons by whom the offer is made, in respect of

mis-statements contained in the document or otherwise

in respect thereof.

(2) 'For the purposes of this Act, it shall, unless

the contrary is proved, be evidence that an allotment of,

or an agreement to allot, shares or debentures was made

with a view to the shares or debentures being offered

for sale to the public if it is shown—

(a) that an offer of the shares or debentures or of

any of them for sale to the public was made

within six months after the allotment or agreement to allot; or

(&) that at the date when the offer was made the

whole consideration to be received by the

company in respect of the shares or debentures

had not been so received.

(3) Section eighty of the principal Act as applied

by this section shall have effect as though the persons

making the offer were persons named in a prospectus as

directors of a company, and section eighty-one of the

principal Act as applied by this section shall have effect

as if it required a prospectus to state in addition to

the matters specified in that section—

(a) the net amount of the consideration received

or to be received by the company in respect

of the shares or debentures to which the offer

relates; and

(b) the place and time at which the contract under

which the said shares or debentures have

been or are to be allotted may be inspected.

Bb 2

of shares

or debentures for

sale.

388

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(4) Where a person making an offer to which this '

section relates is a company or_a firm, it shall be sufficient

if the document aforesaid is signed on behalf of the

company or firm by two directors of the company or

not less than half of the partners, as the case may be,

and any such director or partner may sign by his agent

authorised in writing.

Amendment 33. — (1) Section eighty-one of the principal Act

of s. 81 of (which prescribes the particulars which are to be stated

principal j n a prospectus) shall be amended as follows:—

(i) The following shall be substituted for paragraph

(n) of subsection (1):—

" (n) if the prospectus invites the public to

subscribe for shares in the company and the

share capital of the company is divided into

different classes of shares, the right of voting

at meetings of the company conferred by,

and the rights in respect of capital and dividends attached to, the several classes of shares

respectively ":

(ii) After paragraph (n) of subsection (1) there shall

be inserted the following paragraphs:—

" (o) a report by the auditors of the company with respect to the profits of the

company in respect of each of the three

financial years immediately preceding the

issue of the prospectus, and the rates of the

dividends, if any, paid by the company in

respect of each class of shares in the company

in respect of each of the said three years,

together with particulars of each such class

of shares on which such dividends have been

paid, and particulars of the cases in which no

dividends have been paid in* respect of any

class of shares in respect of any of those

years, and if no accounts have been made

up in respect of any part of the period of

three years ending on a date three months

before the issue of the prospectus, a statement

of that fact:

(p) if the proceeds, or any part of the

proceeds, of the issue of the shares or debentures are or is to be applied directly or indi-

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

389

rectly in the purchase of any business, the

contents of a report made by accountants

who shall be named in the prospectus upon

the profits of the business in respect of each

of the three financial years immediately

.preceding the issue of the prospectus ":

(iii) The following shall be inserted at the end of

subsection (1):—

" Provided that, in the case of a company

which has been carrying on business, or of a

business which has been carried on, for less

than three years the prospectus shall state

how long the business of the company, or

the business to be acquired, as the case may

be, has been carried on, and where the

accounts of any such company or business have

only been made up in respect of two years

or one year, paragraphs (o) and (p) of this

subsection shall have effect as if references

to two years or one year, as the case may

be, were substituted for references to three

years ":

(iv) After subsection (5) there shall be inserted the

following subsection:—

(5a) It shall not be lawful to issue any

form of application for shares in or debentures

of a company unless the form is issued with

a prospectus which complies with the requirements of this section:

Provided that this subsection shall not

apply if it is shown that the form of application was issued either—

(a) in connection with a bona fide

invitation to a person to enter into an

underwriting agreement with respect to

the shares or debentures; or

(b) in relation to the shares in or debentures of a company where there is no offer

to the public:

If any person acts in contravention of the

provisions of this subsection, he shall be liable,

without prejudice to any other liability, to a

fine not exceeding five hundred pounds:

390

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(v) Subsection (6) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) For the words "non-compliance with

any, " there shall ~be substituted the words

" non-compliance with or contravention of

" any";

c

(h) In paragraph (b ), after the words "non-

" compliance, " there shall be inserted the

words " or contravention ";

(c) At the end of paragraph (b)there shall

be inserted the following words:" or, if the

" non-compliance or contravention was in

" respect of matters which in the opinion

" of the court dealing with the case were

" immaterial or was otherwise such as ought,

" in the opinion of that court, having regard

" to all the circumstances of the case, reason-

" ably to be excused ":

(vi) The following shall be substituted for subsection (7):—

(7) This section shall noD apply to the issue

to existing members or debenture holders of

a company of a prospectus or form of

application relating to shares in or debentures

of the company, whether an applicant for

shares or debentures will or will not have the

right to renounce in favour of other persons,

but subject as aforesaid this section shall

apply to a prospectus or a form of application,

whether issued on or with reference to the

formation of a company or subsequently.

(2) The expression "financial year " in paragraphs

(o) and (p) directed by this section to be inserted in subsection (1) of the said section eighty-one means the year

in respect of which the accounts of the company or

of the business, as the case may be, are made up, and

where by reason of any alteration of the date on which

the financial year of the company or business terminates

the accounts of the company or business have been

made up for a period greater or less than a year, that

greater or less period shall for the purpose of the said

paragraphs be deemed to be a financial year.

1928.

Ch. 45.

391

Companies Act, 1928.

34 . Subsection (8) of section eighty-one of the

principal Act shall have effect as if for the words "one

year " there were substituted the words "two years."

35 . —(1) The words " the minimum subscription

" on which the directors may proceed to allotment and "

in paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section eighty-one

■ of the principal Act (which prescribes the particulars

which are required to be stated in a prospectus) s shall

cease to have effect, and the following new paragraph

shall be inserted in the said subsection (1) after paragraphic)

" (cc) where shares are offered to the public

for subscription, particulars as to—

(a) the minimum amount which, in the

opinion of the directors, must be raised by

the issue of those shares in order to provide

the sums (or if any part thereof is .to be

defrayed in any other manner the balance of the sums) required to be provided in respect

of each of the following matters :—

(i) the purchase price of any property purchased or to be purchased which is to

be defrayed in whole or in part out of the proceeds of the issue;

(ii) any preliminary expenses payable by

the company, and any commission so

payable to any person in consideration

of his agreeing to subscribe for, or of

his procuring or agreeing to procure

subscriptions for, any shares in the

company;

(iii) the repayment of any moneys borrowed

by the company in respect of any of the foregoing matters;

(iv) working capital; and

(b) the amounts to be provided in respect

of the matters aforesaid otherwise than out of the proceeds of the issue and the sources out of

which those amounts are to be provided; and "

(2) The following shall be substituted for subsections (1) and (2) of section eighty-five of the principal

Act (which prohibits an allotment of share capital in

Amendment

of s. 81 (8) of

principal Act,

Amendment

as to

minimum

subscription.

392

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Obligation

to file statement in

lieu of

prospectus.

certain cases unless certain conditions have been

complied with):—

" (1) No allotment shall be made of any share

capital of a company offered to the public for

subscription unless the amount stated in the

prospectus as the minimum amount ‘which, in

the opinion of the directors, must be raised by the

issue of share capital in order to provide for the

matters specified in paragraph (cc) of subsection (1)

of section eighty-one of this Act has been subscribed, and the sum payable on application for

the amount so stated has been paid to and received

by the company.

For the purposes of this subsection, a sum

shall be deemed to have been paid to and received

by the company if a cheque for that sum has

been received in good faith by the company

and the directors of the company have no

reason for suspecting that the cheque will not

be paid.

(2) The amount so stated in the prospectus '

shall be reckoned exclusively of any amount payable otherwise than in cash and is in this Act

referred to as ‘ the minimum subscription V *

(3) Subsection (7) of section eighty-five of the

principal Act shall cease to have effect, and in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section eighty-seven of the said Act before the word "shares " there shall be

inserted the words "in a case where any shares of

" the company have been offered to the public for

" subscription."

36.—(1) A company having a share capital which

does not issue a prospectus on or with ^reference to its

formation, or which has issued such a prospectus but

has not proceeded to allot any of the shares offered to

the public for subscription, shall not allot any of its

shares or debentures unless at least three days before

the first allotment of either shares or debentures there

has been filed with the registrar of companies a statement in lieu of prospectus signed by every person who

is named therein as a director or a proposed director

of the company or by his agent authorised in writing

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

393

in a form containing the particulars set out in Part I.

of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) This section shall not apply to a private

company.

(3) If, a company acts in contravention of this

section, the company and every director of the company who knowingly authorises or permits the contravention shall be liable to a fine not exceeding One

hundred pounds.

(4) Section eighty-six of the principal Act (which

contains provisions as to allotments of shares in contravention of the provisions of section eighty-five of that

Act) shall apply to on allotment of shares in contravention of this section as it applies to an allotment in

contravention of the said section eighty-five.

37.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, it shall be

lawful for a company to issue shares in the company of

a class already issued at a discount:

Provided that—

(a) the issue of the shares at a discount must be

authorised by resolution passed in general

meeting of the company, and must be

sanctioned by the court;

(b) the resolution must specify the maximum rate

of discount at which the shares are to be

issued;

(c) not less than one year must at the date of the issue have elapsed since the date on which

the company was entitled to commence

business;

(d) the shares to be issued at a discount must be

issued within one month after the date on

which the issue is sanctioned by the court or

within such extended time as the court may

allow.

(2) Where a company has passed a resolution authorising the issue of shares at a discount, it may apply to

the court for an order sanctioning the issue, and on any

such application the court, if, having regard to all the

circumstances of the case, it thinks proper so to do, may

Power to

issue shares

at a discount.

394

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of s. 89 of

principal

Act.

make an order sanctioning the issue on such terms and-

conditions as it thinks fit.

(3) The summary'required by section twenty-six of the principal Act, every prospectus relating to the issue

of the shares and every balance sheet issued by the

company (subsequently to the issue of the shares must

contain particulars of the discount allowed on the issue

of the shares or of so much of that discount as has not

been written off at the date of the making or issue of the document in question.

If a company makes default in complying with the

requirements of this subsection, the company and every

director, manager, secretary or other officer of the

company who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

permits the default shall be liable to a fine of

five pounds for every day during which the default

continues.

38. Section eighty-nine of the principal Act shall

be amended as follows:—

(a) There shall be inserted at the end of subsection (1) of section eighth-nine of the principal

Act the words—

" (c) Not in any case in excess of ten per

cent, of the price at which the shares are

issued; and provided that the number of

shares which persons have agreed for a commission to subscribe absolutely is disclosed in

• the manner provided in this subsection."

(b) In paragraph (6) of subsection (1) after the word

"filed" there shall be inserted the words

" before the payment of the commission ";

(c) At the end of the section there shall be added

the following new subsection:—

" (4) If default is made in complying with

the provisions of this section relating to the

fifing with the registrar of the statement in

the prescribed form, the company and every

director, manager, secretary or other officer

of the company who knowingly and wilfully

authorises or permits the default shall be

liable to a fine not exceeding twenty-five

pounds."

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

395

39 . — (1)Every company shall cause to be kept Accounts,

proper books of account with respect to—

(a) all sums of money received and expended by

the company and the matters in respect of

which the receipt and expenditure takes place;

(b) all sales and purchases of goods by the company;

(c) the assets and liabilities of the company.

(2) The books of account shall be kept at the

registered office of the company or at such other place

as the directors think fit, and shall at all times be open

to inspection by the directors.

(3) The directors of every company shall at some

date not later than eighteen months after the incorporation of the company and subsequently once at least in

every calendar year lay before the company in general

meeting a profit and loss account or, in the case of

a company not trading for profit, an income .and

expenditure account for the period, in the case of the

first account, since the incorporation of the company,

and, in any other case, since the preceding account,

made up to a date not earlier than the date of the

meeting by more than nine months, or, in the case of

a company carrying on business or having interests

abroad, by more than twelve months:

Provided that the Board of Trade, if for any special

reason they think fit so to do, may, in the case of any

company, extend the period of eighteen months aforesaid, and in the case of any company and with respect

to any year extend the periods of nine and twelvemonths

aforesaid.

(4) The directors shall cause to be made out in every

calendar year, and to be laid before the company in

general meeting, a balance sheet as at the date to which

the profit and loss account, or the income and expenditure

account, as the case may be, is made up, and there shall

be attached to every such balance sheet a report by the

directors with respect to the state of the company’s

affairs, the amount, if any, which they recommend should

be paid by way of dividend, and the amount, if any,

which they propose to carry to the reserve fund, general

reserve or reserve account shown specifically on the

396

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

balance sheet, or to a reserve fund, general reserve or

reserve account to be shown specifically on a subsequent

balance sheet.

(5) If any person being a director of a company—

(a) fails to take all reasonable steps .to secure

compliance by the company with the requirements of subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, or has by his own wilful act

been the cause of any default by the company

under either of the said subsections; or

(b) fails to take all reasonable steps to comply

with the provisions of subsection (3) or subsection (4) of this section;

he shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on

summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding two

hundred pounds:

Provided that a person shall not be sentenced to

imprisonment for an offence under this section unless in

the opinion of the court dealing " with the case, the

offence was committed wilfully.

(6) Section one hundred and thirteen of the principal

Act (which relates to the powers and duties of auditors)

shall be amended as follows:—

(a) In subsection (2) for the word "shareholders "

there shall be substituted the word "members ";

(b) For the word "shareholder " wherever it occurs

in subsection (3) there shall be substituted the

word " member ";

(c) In subsection (3) -after the word "furnished"

there shall be inserted the words "within seven

" days after he has made a -request in that

"behalf to the company, " and at the end of the said subsection (3) there shall be added

the words "and if the company makes default

" in furnishing such a copy to any member

" who demands it and tenders to the company

" the amount of the proper charge therefor,

" the company and every director, manager,

" secretary or other officer of the company

" who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

397

" permits the default shall he liable to a fine

" not exceeding five pounds for every day

" during which the default continues ";

(d) In subsection (3) the words "or there shall be

"■ inserted at the foot of the balance sheet a

" reference to the report " shall be omitted;

(e) Subsection (3) shall, so far as relates to companies other than private companies, have effect

as if the following were substituted for the

second paragraph thereof:—

"A copy of every balance sheet (including

every document required by law to be annexed

thereto) which is to be laid before the company in

general meeting, together with a copy of the

auditors’ report, shall, not less than seven days

before the date of the meeting, be sent to all persons

entitled to receive notices of general meetings of the company, and if the company makes default

in complying with the foregoing requirement, the

company and every director, manager, secretary

or other officer of the company who knowingly

and wilfully authorises or permits the default,

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty

pounds."

(f) In subsection (4) the word "either " and the

words "or containing such reference to that

" report as is required by this section" shall

be omitted.

40 .—(1)Every balance sheet of a company shall

contain a summary of the authorised share capital and

of the issued share capital of the company, its liabilities

and its assets, together with such particulars as are

necessary to disclose the general nature of the liabilities

and the assets of the company and to distinguish between

the amounts respectively of the fixed assets and of the

floating assets, and shall state how the values of the fixed

assets have been arrived at.

(2) There shall be stated under separate headings in

the balance sheet, so far as they are not written off—

(a) the preliminary expenses of the company; and

Form of

balance

sheet.

398

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5. -

(b) any expenses incurred in connection with any

issue of share capital or debentures; and

(c) if it is shown as a separate item in or is otherwise ascertainable from the books of the

coinpany, or from any contract for the sale or

purchase of any property to be acquired by the

company, or from any documents in the possession of the company relating to the stamp duty

payable in respect of any such contract or the

conveyance of any such property, the amount

of the goodwill and of any patents and trademarks as so shown or ascertained.

(3) Where any liability of the company is secured

otherwise than by operation of law on any assets of the

company, the balance sheet shall include a statement

that that liability is so secured, but it shall not be

necessary to specify in the balance sheet the assets on

which the liability is secured.

(4) Where any of the assets of a company consist '

of shares in, or amounts owing (whether on account of

any loan or otherwise) from a subsidiary company or

subsidiary companies, the aggregate amount of those

assets, distinguishing shares and indebtedness, shall be

set out in the balance sheet of the first-mentioned company separately from all its other assets, and where a

company is indebted (whether on account of any loan

or otherwise) to a subsidiary company or subsidiary

companies, the aggregate amount of that indebtedness

shall be set out in the balance sheet of such company

separately from all its other liabilities.

(5) Where a company (in this subsection referred

to as "the holding company") holds shares either

directly or through a nominee in a subsidiary company

or in two or more subsidiary companies, there shall be

annexed to the balance sheet of the holding company a

statement, signed by the persons by whom in pursuance

of section one hundred and thirteen of the principal Act

the balance sheet is signed, stating how the profits and

losses of the subsidiary company, or, where there are

two or more subsidiary companies, the aggregate profits

and losses of those companies, have (so far as they

. concern the holding company) been dealt with in, or for

1928,

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 4o.

399

the purposes of, the accounts of the holding company,

and in particular how, and to what extent, —

(i) provision has been made for the losses of any

subsidiary company either in the accounts of

that company or of the holding company, or

of both; and

(ii) losses of any subsidiary company have been

taken into account by the directors of the

holding company in arriving at the profits and

losses of that company as disclosed in its

accounts: And if in the case of a subsidiary

company the report made by the auditors of the company under subsection (2) of section

one hundred and thirteen of the principal Act

on the balance sheet of the company does not

state without qualification that the auditors

have obtained all the information and explanations they have required and that the balance

sheet is properly drawn up so as to exhibit a

true and correct view of the state of the company’s affairs according to the best of their

information and the explanations given to them

and as shown by the books of the company, the

statement which is to be annexed as aforesaid

to the balance sheet of the holding company

shall contain particulars of the manner hi which

the report is qualified:

Provided that it shall not be necessary to specify in

any such statement the actual amount of the profits or

losses of any subsidiary company, or the actual amount

of any part of any such profits or losses which has

been dealt with in any particular manner.

For the purposes of this subsection, the profits or

losses of a subsidiary company mean the profits or

losses shown in any accounts of the subsidiary company

made up to a date within the period to which the

accounts of the holding company relate, or, if there are

no such accounts of the subsidiary company available

at the time when the accounts of the holding company

are made up, the profits or losses shown in the last

previous accounts of the subsidiaiy company which

became available within that period.

400

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

r

If for any reason the directors of the holding '

company are unable £o obtain such information as is

necessary for the preparation of the statement aforesaid,

the directors who sign the balance sheet shall so report

in writing and their report shall be annexed to the

balance sheet in lieu of the statement.

(6) Where the assets of a company consist in whole

or in part of shares in another company (whether held

directly or through a nominee and whether that other

company is a company within the meaning of the

principal Act or not) and—

(i) the amount of the shares so held is at the

time when the accounts of the holding company

are made up more than fifty per cent, of the

issued share capital of that other company or

such as to entitle the company to more than

fifty per cent, of the voting power in that other

company; or

(ii) the company has power (not being power vested

in it by virtue only of, the provisions of > a

debenture trust deed or by virtue of shares

issued to it for the purpose in pursuance of

such provisions) directly or indirectly to appoint

the majority of the directors or persons occupying the position of director, by whatever

name called in that other company,

that other, company shall be deemed to be a subsidiary

company for the purposes of this section, and the

expression " subsidiary company " in this section means

a company in the case of which the conditions of this

subsection are satisfied.

Where a company the ordinary business of which

includes the lending of money holds ^shares in another

company as security only, no account shall for the

purpose of determining under this subsection whether

that other company is a subsidiary company be taken of the shares so held.

Rights of

members

and debenture holders

to receive

copies of-

41, —(1) Any member of a company whether he is

or is not entitled to have sent to him copies of the company’s balance sheets and any holder of debentures of a

company, shall be entitled to be furnished gratis on

demand with a copy of the last balance sheet of the

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

401

company (including every document required by law to

be annexed thereto), together with a copy of the report

of the company’s auditors on the balance sheet.

(2) If, where any person makes a demand for a

document' with which he is by virtue of this section

entitled to be furnished, the company fails to comply

• with the demand within seven days after the making

thereof, the company, and every director, manager,

secretary and other officer of the company who is

knowingly a party to the default, shall be liable to a

fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during

which the default continues unless it is proved that that

person has already made a demand for and been furnished

with a copy of the document.

(3) This section shall not apply to a private

company.

42. Section ninety-two of the principal Act (which

limits the time for the issue of certificates of shares,

etc.) shall be amended as follows:—

(1) For the words "and within two months after

the registration of a transfer of any such shares,

debentures or debenture stock " there shall be

substituted the words "and within two months

after the date on which a transfer of any such

shares, debentures or debenture stock (being a

transfer duly stamped and otherwise valid, but

not including such a transfer as the company is

for any reason entitled to refuse to register and

does not register) is lodged with the company";

(2) After subsection (1) there shall be inserted the

following subsection:—

"(1a) If a company refuses to register a

transfer of any shares, debentures or debenture stock, the company shall, within two

months after the date on which the transfer

was lodged with the company, send to the

transferee notice of the refusal."

(3) After subsection (2) there shall be inserted the

following new subsection :—

" (3) If any company on whom a notice

has been served requiring the company to

Cc

balance

sheets and

reports of

directors

and auditors.

Amendment

of s. 92 of

principal

Act.

402

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

t

make good any default in complying with '

the provisions of subsection (1) of this section

fails to make good the default within ten

days after the service of the notice, the court

may, on the application of the person entitled

1 to have the certificates or the debentures

delivered to him, make an order directing the

company and any officer of the company to

make good the default within such time as

may be specified in the order, and any such

order may provide that all costs of and incidental to the application shall be borne by

the company or by any officer of the company

responsible for the default."

Amend- 43.—(1) Section ninety-three of the principal Act

mentsasto (which provides for the registration of mortgages and

registration charges created by companies registered in England)

of mort- shall be amended as follows:—

gages and

charges. (a) In subsection (1) after paragraph (/) there shall

be inserted the following paragraphs :—

" (g) a mortgage or charge on calls made

but not paid;

(h) a mortgage or charge on a ship or any

share in a ship;

(i) a mortgage or charge on goodwill, on

any patent or licence under a patent, on any

trademark or on any copyright or licence

under a copyright ";

(b) in subsection (1) after proviso (ii) there shall be

inserted the following new proviso:—

" (iiA) where a mortgage or charge comprises property situate in Scotland or

•Northern Ireland and registration is necessary to make the mortgage or charge valid

or effectual according to the law of Scotland

or Northern Ireland, as the case may be, the

delivery to and the receipt by the registrar

of a copy verified in the prescribed manner of the instrument by which the mortgage or

charge is created or evidenced, together with

a certificate in the prescribed form stating

that the mortgage or charge was presented

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

403

for registration in Scotland or Northern

Ireland, as the case may be, on the date on

which it was so presented shall, for the

purposes of this section, have the same effect

as the delivery and receipt of the instrument

. itself; and "

(c) After subsection (1) there shall be inserted the

following new subsection :—

" (1a) Where a company registered in

England acquires any property which is

subject to a mortgage or charge of any

such kind as would, if it had been created by

the company after the acquisition of the

property, have been required to be registered

under this section, the company shall cause

the prescribed particulars of the mortgage

or charge, together with a copy (certified

in the prescribed manner to be a correct

copy) of the instrument, if any, by which

the mortgage or charge was created or is

evidenced, to be delivered to the registrar

of companies for registration in manner required by this Act within twenty-one days

after the date on which the acquisition is completed, and if the company makes default in

complying with this provision it shall be

liable to a fine of fifty pounds in respect of

each day during which the default continues,

and every director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company who knowingly

and wilfully authorises or permits the default

shall be liable to the like penalty ":

Provided that, if the property is situate,

and the mortgage or charge was created outside Great Britain, twenty-one days after the

date on which the copy of the instrument

could in due course of post, and if dispatched

with due diligence have been received in the

United Kingdom, shall' be substituted for

twenty-one days after the completion of the

acquisition as the time within which the particulars and the copy of the instrument are to

be delivered to the registrar.

Cc 2

404

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(d) The said section shall extend to mortgages or

charges on property in England created, and

mortgages or charges on property in England

acquired, after the commencement of this Act by

a company incorporated outside England which

has an established place of business in

England.

, (2) Paragraphs (a) and (c) of subsection (1) of this

section shall respectively have effect only in relation to

mortgages or charges created, or property acquired, after

the commencement of this Act, but it shall be the duty

of a company (including a company incorporated, whether

under the principal Act or otherwise, outside England

which has an established place of business in England)

within six months after the commencement of this Act to send to the registrar of companies for registration the prescribed particulars of any mortgage or

charge created by the company before the date of the

commencement of this Act and remaining unsatisfied

at that date, or of any mortgage or charge to which

any property acquired by the company before the commencement of this Act is subject; which would, under

the provisions of this section, have been required to be

registered if it had been created or the property had

been acquired after the commencement of this Act, and

the registrar shall, on payment of the prescribed fee,

enter those particulars on the register kept in pursuance

of the said section ninety-three.

If the company fails to comply with the requirements of this subsection, the company and every director,

manager, secretary or other officer of the company, or

other person who is knowingly a party to the default,

shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds for every day during which the default continues,

but the failure of the company shall not prejudice any

rights which any person in whose favour the mortgage

or charge was made may have thereunder.

Section ninety-six of the principal Act (which

provides for the rectification of the register of mortgages)

shall apply in the case of a mortgage or charge required

to be registered by this subsection as it applies to a

mortgage or charge required to be registered by section

ninety-three of the principal Act.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

405

(3) Section two hundred and twelve of the principal

Act (which relates to the effect of a floating charge)

shall have effect as though six months were therein

substituted for three months.

44. For section ninety-five of the principal Act

(which relates to the filing of accounts of receivers and

managers) there shall be substituted the following

section:—

" (1) Every receiver or manager of the

property of a company who has been appointed

under the powers contained in any instrument

shall, within one month or such longer period as the

registrar of companies may allow after the expiration of the period of six months from the date of

his appointment and of every subsequent period of

six months and within one month after he ceases

to act as receiver or manager, file with the

registrar of companies an abstract in the prescribed form showing his receipts and his payments

during that period of six months, or, where he

ceases to act as aforesaid, during the period from

the end of the period to which the last preceding

abstract related up to the date of his so ceasing,

and the aggregate amount of his receipts and of his

payments during all preceding periods since his

appointment, and shall also, on ceasing to act as

receiver or manager, file with the registrar notice

to that effect, and the registrar shall enter the

notice in the register of mortgages and charges.

(2) Every receiver or manager who makes

default in complying with the provisions of this

section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five

pounds for every day during which the default

continues."

45. —(1) If on an application made to the court by

the liquidator of a company it appears to the court that

any receiver or manager of the property of the company

who has been appointed under the powers contained in

any instrument has, after being required at any time by

the liquidator so to do, failed to render proper accounts

of his receipts and payments and to pay over to

the liquidator, the amount properly payable to him, the

court may make an order directing the receiver or

Amendment

of 8. 95 of

principal

Act.

Provisions

as to receivers and

managers.

406

Ch. 45.

Amendment

of s. 102 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 104 of

principal

Act.

Companies Act, 1928.

18 & 19 Geo. 5,

manager to make good the default within such time

as may be specified in the order.

(2) The court may, on an application made to the

court by the liquidator of a company, by order fix the

amount to be paid by way of remuneration to any

person who, under the powers. contained in any instrument, has been appointed as. receiver or manager of the

property of the company, and may from time to time,

on an application made either by the liquidator or by

the receiver or manager, vary or amend any order so

made.

46. Section one hundred and two of the principal

Act (which confers on debenture holders the right to

inspect the register of debenture holders and of requiring

copies of the trust deed) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) For the words "with the articles " there shall

be substituted the words "with the provisions

" contained in the articles or in the debentures

" or, in the case of debenture stock, in the

" stock certificates, or in 'the trust deed or other

" document seeming the debentures or deben-

" ture stock, " and for the words "specified in

the articles" there shall be substituted the

words " therein specified ";

(b) At the end of subsection (3) there shall be

inserted the words "and the court may by

" order compel an immediate inspection of the

" register or direct that the copies required

" shall be sent to the persons requiring them."

47. —(1) Section one hundred and four of the

principal Act (which gives power to re-issue redeemed

debentures in certain cases) shall have effect as though

the following subsections were substituted for subsections (1) and (2) thereof:—

" (1) Where either before or after the passing of this Act a company has redeemed any debentures

previously issued, the company, unless any

provision to the contrary, whether express or

implied, is contained in the articles or in

any contract entered into by the company,

or unless the company has, by passing a resolution to that effect or by some other act.

1928.

Ch. 45.

407

Companies Act, 1928.

manifested its intention that the debentures

shall be cancelled, shall have, and shall be

. deemed always to have had, power to re-issue

the debentures, either, by re-issuing the same

debentures or by issuing other debentures in

their place, and on such a re-issue the person

entitled to the debentures shall have, and shall

be deemed always to have had, the same

priorities as if the debentures had never -been

redeemed:

(2) Where a company has power to re-issue debentures which have been redeemed, particulars

with respect to the debentures which can be so

re-issued shall be included in the balance sheet

of the company."

(2) Subsection (5) of the said section one hundred

and four from the words "or (b)any power" to the end

thereof shall be repealed.

(3) Where any debentures which have been redeemed

before the date of the commencement of this Act are

re-issued subsequently to that date, the re-issue of the

debentures shall not prejudice any right or priority which

any person would, if this section had not passed, have

had under or by virtue of any mortgage or charge created

before the date of the commencement of this Act.

48.—(1) Section one hundred and nine of the Amend-

principal Act (which relates to the investigation of the ments as to

affairs of companies by Board of Trade inspectors) shall ^f a '

be amended as follows:— companies ’

(a) In subsection (2) after the word "security " there & ffairs by

shall be inserted the words "(to an amount not mspec rs-

" exceeding one hundred pounds) ":

(6) The following subsection shall be substituted

for subsection (5):—

" (5) If any officer or agent of the company

refuses to produce to the inspectors any book

or document which it is his duty under this

section so to produce, or refuses to answer

any question which is put to him by the

inspectors with respect to the affairs of the

company, the inspectors may certify the

refusal under their hand to the court, and

the court may thereupon enquire into the

408

Ca. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

case, and after hearing any witnesses who

may be produced against or on behalf of the

alleged offender and"after hearing any statement which may be offered in defence,

p unis h the offender in like manner as if he

had been guilty of contempt of the court ":

(c) Subsection (7) shall cease to have effect:

-{d There shall be added to the section the following

new subsections :—

" (7) If from the report it appears to the

Board of Trade that any person has been

guilty of any offence in relation to the company for which he is criminally liable and

that the case is one in which the prosecution

ought to be undertaken by the Director of

Public Prosecutions, the Board shall refer the

matter to him.

(8) If, where any matter is referred to the

Director of Public Prosecutions under this

section, he considers that the case is one in

which a prosecution ought to be instituted

and, further, that it is desirable in the public

interest that the proceedings in the prosecution

should be conducted by him, he shall institute

proceedings accordingly, and it shall be the

duty of all officers and agents of the company,

past and present (other than the defendant in

the proceedings), to give to him all assistance

in connection with the prosecution which they

are reasonably able to give.

For the purposes of this subsection, the

expression " agents " in relation to a company

shall be deemed to include the bankers and

solicitors of the company and any persons

employed by the company as auditors,

whether those persons are or are not officers

of the company.

(9) The expenses’ of and incidental to an

investigation under this section (in this subsection referred to as " the expenses ") shall

be defrayed as follows:—

(a) Where as a result of the investigation

a prosecution is instituted by the Director

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

409

of Public Prosecutions, the expenses shall

be defrayed by the Board of Trade:

(6) In any other case the expenses shall

be defrayed by the company unless the

Board of Trade think proper to direct, as

the Board are hereby authorised to do,

that they shall either be paid by the

applicants or in part by the company ail'd

in part by the applicants:

Provided that—

(i) if the company fails to pay the

whole or any part of the sum which

it is liable to pay under this subsection, the applicants shall make

good the deficiency up to the amount

by which the security given by them

under this section exceeds the amount

(if any) which they have under

this subsection been directed by

the Board to pay; and

(ii) any balance of the expenses

not defrayed either by the company

or the applicants shall be defrayed

by the Board."

(2) Subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Economy

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926 (which provides

for the issue out of the Bankruptcy and Companies

Winding-up (Fees) Account of sums towards meeting

the charges estimated by the Board of Trade in respect

of salaries and expenses under the principal Act in

relation to the winding-up of companies in England)

shall have effect as if expenses incurred. by the Board

under the said section one hundred and nine were

expenses incurred by the Board under the principal Act

in relation to the winding-up of companies in England.

(3) The following shall be substituted for subsection (3) of section one hundred and ten of the principal

Act:—

" (3) If any officer or agent of the company

refuses to produce to the inspectors any book

or document which it is his duty under this

section so to produce, or refuses to answer any

question which is put to him by the inspectors

16 & 17 Geo.

5. e. 9.

410

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment

as to service

of process.

Power to

acquire

shares of

shareholders

dissenting

from

scheme or

contract

approved by

majority.

with respect to the affairs of the company, he '

shall be liable t to be_ proceeded against in the

same manner as if the inspectors had been

inspectors appointed by the Board of Trade."

49. —r(l) Where a company registered in Scotland

carries on business in England the process of any court

in England may be served on the company by leaving

it:kt or sending it by post to the principal place of

business of the company in England addressed to the

manager or other head officer in England of the company.

(2) Where process is served on a company under

this section, the person issuing out the process shall send

a copy thereof by post to the registered office of the

company.

50. —(1) Where a scheme or contract involving the

transfer of shares or any class of shares in a company

(in this section referred to as " the transferor company ")

to another company, whether a company within the

meaning of the principal Act or not (in this section

referred to as "the transferee company"), has within

four months after the making of the offer in that behalf

by the transferee company been approved by the

holders of not less than nine-tenths in value of the shares

affected, the transferee company may, at any time within

two months after the expiration of the said four months,

give notice in the prescribed manner to any dissenting

shareholder that it desires to acquire his shares, and

where such a notice is given the transferee company

shall, unless on an application made by the dissenting

shareholder within one month from the date on which

the notice was given the court thinks fit to order otherwise, be entitled and bound to acquire those shares on

the terms on which under the scheme or contract the

shares of the approving shareholders are to be transferred

to the transferee company:

Provided that, where any such scheme or contract

has been so approved at any time before the commencement of this Act, the court may by order, on an application made to it by the transferee company within two

months after the commencement of this Act, authorise

notice to be given under this section at any time within

fourteen days after the making of the order, and this

section shall apply accordingly, except that the terms

on which the shares of the dissenting shareholder are to

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

411

be acquired shall be such terms as the court may by the

order direct instead of the terms provided by the scheme

or contract.

(2) Where a notice has been given by the transferee company under this section and the court has not,

, on an application made by the dissenting shareholder,

ordered to the contrary, the transferee company shall, on

the expiration of one month from the date on TVhich

the notice has been given, or, if an application to the

court by the dissenting shareholder is then pending, after

that application has been disposed of, transmit a copy of the notice to the transferor company and pay or transfer

to the transferor company the amount or other consideration representing the price payable by the transferee

company for the shares which by virtue of this section

that company is entitled to acquire, and the transferor

company shall thereupon register the transferee company

as the holder of those shares.

(3) Any sums received by the transferor company

under this section shall be paid into a separate bank

account, and any such sums and any other consideration

so received shall be held by that company on trust for

the several persons entitled to the shares in respect

of which the said sums or other consideration were

respectively received.

(4) In this section the expression "dissenting shareholder " includes a shareholder who has not assented to

the scheme or contract and any shareholder who has failed

or refused to transfer his shares to the transferee company

in accordance with the scheme or contract.

51. Section one hundred and nineteen of the

principal Act (which makes provision with respect to

arbitrations between companies and other persons)

shall cease to have effect.

52. —(1) If any company or any receiver of the

property of a company or the liquidator of any company

on whom a notice has been served requiring the company, the receiver or the liquidator, as the case may

be, to make good any default within the meaning of this section fails to make good the default within fourteen

days after the service of the notice, the court may, on

an application made to the court by any member or

Repeal of

s. 119 of

principal

Act.

Enforcement of

duty of

company,

receiver or

liquidator

to make

returns.

412

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5. -

Extension

of s. 120 of

principal

Act to

certain

re-organisations of

share

capital, &c.

creditor of the company, or by the registrar of companies, make an order directing the company and any

officer of the company or the receiver or liquidator, as

the case may be, to make good the default within such

time as may be specified in the order, and any such

order may provide that all costs of and incidental to the

application shall be borne by the company or by any

officers of the company responsible for the default, or by

the receiver or liquidator, as the case may be.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be taken to

prejudice the operation of any enactments imposing

penalties on a company or its officers or on receivers

or liquidators in respect of any default.

(3) In this section the expression, " default " means,

in the case of a company, failure to comply with any

provision of the principal Act which requires a company

to file" with or send to the registrar of companies any

return, account, or other document or to give notice to

him of any matter, and in the case of a receiver or

liquidator, failure to file, deliver or make any return, '

account or other document, or to gffre any notice which

he is by law required to file, deliver, make or give.

53.—(1) The expression "arrangement " in section

one hundred and twenty of the principal Act (which

gives power to a company to make compromises and

arrangements with its creditors and members) shall be

construed as extending to a re-organisation of the share

capital of the company by the consolidation of shares

of different classes or by the division of shares into

shares of different classes or by both those methods.

(2) An order made under subsection (2) of the said

section one hundred and twenty shall have no effect

until an office copy of the order has been filed with the

registrar of companies, and a copy of every such

order shall be annexed to every copy of the memorandum

of the company issued after the order has been made,

or, in the case of a company not having a memorandum,

of every copy so issued of the instrument constituting or

defining the constitution of the company.

If a company makes default in complying with the

foregoing provision, it shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding one pound for each copy in respect of which

default is made, and every director, manager, secretary

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Cn. 45.

413

or other officer of the company who knowingly and

wilfully authorises or permits the default shall be liable

to the like penalty.

(3) In the said subsection (2) the words "and

voting" shall be inserted after the word "present."

(4) Section forty-five of the principal Act (which

‘relates to re-organisation of share capital) shall cease to

have effect.

54.—(1) Where an application is made to the court

under section one hundred and twenty of the principal

Act for the sanctioning of a compromise or arrangement

proposed between a company and any such persons as

are mentioned in that section, and it is shown to the

court that the compromise or arrangement has been

proposed for the purposes of or in connection with a

scheme for the reconstruction of any company or com-

panies or amalgamation of any two or more companies,

and that under the scheme the whole or any part of the

undertaking or the property of any company concerned

in the scheme (in this section referred to as "a transferor company") is to be transferred to another company

(in this section referred to as " the transferee company "),

the court may, either by the order sanctioning the compromise or arrangement or by any subsequent order, make

provision for all or any of the following matters:—

(a) the transfer to the transferee company of the

whole or any part of the undertaking and of the

property or liabilities of any transferor company;

(&) the allotting or appropriation by the transferee

company of any shares, debentures, policies,

or other like interests in that company which

under the compromise or arrangement are to

be allotted or appropriated by that company to

or for any person;

(c) the continuation by or against the transferee

company of any legal proceedings pending by

or against any transferor company;

(d) the dissolution, without winding-up, of any

transferor company;

(e) the provision to be made for any persons, who

within such time and in such manner as the

Provisions

for facilitating reconstruction and

amalgamation of

companies.

414

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment as to

private

companies.

court direct, dissent from the compromise or

arrangement;

(f) such incidental, consequential and supplemental

matters as are necessary to secure that the

reconstruction or amalgamation shall be fully

and effectively carried out.

(2) Where an order under this section provides for

the transfer of property or liabilities, that property shall

by virtue of the order be transferred to and vest in, and

those liabilities shall by virtue of the order be transferred

to and become the liabilities of, the transferee company,

and in the case of any property, if the order so directs,

freed from any charge which is by virtue of the compromise or arrangement to cease to have effect.

(3) Where an order is made under this section,

every company in relation to which the order is made

shall" cause an office copy thereof to be filed with the

registrar of companies within seven days after the

making of the order, and if a company makes default

in complying with the foregoing ^provision it shall be

liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day

during which the default continues, and every director,

manager, secretary or other officer of the company who

knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits the default

shall be liable to the like penalty.

(4) In this section the expression "property " includes

property, rights and powers of every description, and the

expression " liabilities " includes duties.

(5) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (3)

of the said section one hundred and twenty, the

expression " company " in this section does not include

any company other than a company within the meaning

of the principal Act.

55.—(1) If any company, being a private company,

alters its articles in such manner that they no longer

include the provisions which, under section one hundred

and twenty-one of the principal Act, are required to be

included in the articles of a company in order to constitute it a private company for the purposes of that

Act, the company shall, as on the date of the alteration,

cease to be a private company and shall, within a period

of fourteen days after the said date, file with the

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

415

registrar of companies a prospectus or a statement in

the form set out in Part II. of the First Schedule to

this Act.

(2) If a company makes default in complying with

the requirements of this section, it shall be liable to

a fine of fifty pounds in respect of every day during

which the default continues, and every director, manager,

secretary or other officer of the company who knowingly

and wilfully authorises or permits the default shall be

liable to the like penalty.

56.—(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to Jurisdiction

wind up any company registered in England. to wind up

companies

(2) In the case of a company whose registered office in England

is situate within the jurisdiction of the Chancery Court

of the County Palatine of Lancaster or the Chancery

Court of the County Palatine of Durham, the palatine

court shall have concurrent jurisdiction with the High

Court to wind up the company.

(3) Where the amount of the share capital of a

company paid up or credited as paid up does not exceed

ten thousand pounds, the county court of the district in

which the registered office of the company is situate

shall, subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of

section one hundred and thirty-one of the principal Act,

have concurrent jurisdiction with the High Court to

wind up the company.

(4) Where a company is formed for working mines

within the stannaries and is not shown to be working

mines beyond the limits of the stannaries or to be

engaged in any other undertaking beyond those limits,

or to have entered into a contract for such working or

undertaking, the court exercising the stannaries jurisdiction shall, whatever may be the amount of the capital

of the company and wherever the registered office of the company is situate, have concurrent jurisdiction

with the High Court to wind up the company.

(5) For the purposes of this Section the expression

" registered office" means the place which has longest

been the registered office of the company during the six

months immediately preceding the presentation of the

petition for winding-up.

416

Ch. 45.

Commencement of

winding-up

by the

court.

Amendment

of s. 144 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 146 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of a. 147 of

principal

Act.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

57. —(1) Where before the presentation of a petition

for the winding-up of a company by the court a resolution

has been passed authorising" the voluntary winding-up

of the company, the winding-up of the company shall

be deemed to have commenced at the time of the passing

of the resolution, and unless the court, on proof of fraud

or mistake, thinks fit otherwise to direct, all proceedings

taken in the voluntary winding-up shall be deemed to

have been validly taken.

(2) Section one hundred and ninety-eight of the

principal Act shall cease to have effect.

58. Section one hundred and forty-four of the

principal Act (which relates to the power of the court

to stay a winding-up) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) after the words "the application " there shall

be inserted the words "of the liquidator or

. the official receiver or ";

(b) on any application under the said section the

court may, before making an order, require the

official receiver to furnish to the court a report

with respect to any facts or matters which are

in his opinion relevant to the application.

59. If in the case of the winding-up of any

company by the court in England it appears to the

court desirable, with a view to securing the more convenient and economical conduct of the winding-up, that

some officer, other than the person who would by virtue

of section, one hundred and forty-six of the principal

Act be the official receiver, should be the official receiver

for the purposes of that winding-up, the court may

appoint that other officer to act as official receiver in

that winding-up, and the person so appointed shall be

deemed to be the official receiver in that winding-up for

all the purposes of the principal Act.

60. —(1) Section one hundred and forty-seven of the principal Act (which relates to the submission to the

official receiver of a statement of affairs) shall apply

where a provisional liquidator has been appointed in like

manner as it applies where a winding-up order has been

made.

(2) The court may by order dispense with the

requirements of the said section in any case where it

considers such a course desirable.

1928. Companies Act, 1928. Ch. 45, 417

(3) Subsection (2) of the # said section shall have

effect as if there were included among the persons who

may be required to submit or verify the statement, any

person who is, or within one year before the winding-up

order or the order appointing the provisional liquidator,

as the case may be, was, in the employment of the

company and is in the opinion of the official receiver

capable of giving the information required, and any

person who is, or within the said year was, an officer of <or

in the employment of a company which is, or within the

said year was, an officer of the company to which the

.statement relates.

61. Where a company is being wound up by the Power to

court, the court may, on the application of the liquidator, make order

by order direct that all or any part of the property as to vesting

whatsoever belonging to the company or held by pony's '

trustees on its behalf shall vest in the liquidator by property,

his official name, and thereupon the property to which

the order relates shall vest accordingly, and the

liquidator may, after giving such indemnity, if any,

as the court may direct, bring or defend in his

official name any action or other legal proceeding

which relates to that property or which it is necessary

to bring or defend for the purpose of effectually winding-up

the company and recovering its property.

62. Section one hundred and seventy-four of the Amendment

principal Act shall be amended as follows:— of s. 174 of

In subsection (1) after the words "concerning the" *^!£ cipal

there shall be inserted the words promotion,

formation."

63. —(1) It shall be the duty of the official receiver Amendment

to appear on the hearing of any application which in pur- of s. 175 of

suance of the proviso to subsection (6) of section one principal

hundred and seventy-five of the principal Act may be Act-

made by any person for the purpose of having it declared

that he is exculpated from any charges against him, and

to call the attention of the court to any matters which

appear to him to be relevant, i

(2) On the hearing of any such application, the official

receiver may himself give evidence or call witnesses.

(3) The words " as to the conduct of the examination, but not as to costs " in subsection (9) of the said

section shall cease to have effect.

Dd

418

Ch. 45.

Amendment

of s. 185 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 192 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 195 of

principal

Act.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

64. Section one hundred and eighty-five of the

principal Act (which ^elates, to notices of resolution to

wind up voluntarily) shall be amended as follows:—

(a) after the word "has " there shall be inserted the

words " passed a resolution requiring the

company to be wound up voluntarily or ";

(&) after the words "it shall " there shall be

inserted the words "within seven days after

" the passing of the resolution ";

(c) at the end of the section there shall be inserted

the following new subsection:—

" (2) If a company makes default in complying with the provisions of this section, the

company and every liquidator of the company

and every director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company who knowingly

and wilfully authorises or permits the default

shall be liable to a fine of five pounds in

respect of every day on which the default

continues."

hi

65. Section one hundred and ninety-two of the

principal Act (which gives power to the liquidator of a

company to accept shares, &c., as consideration for the

sale of the property of a company) shall be amended as

follows:—

(1) In subsection (1) after the words "another

company " there shall be inserted the words

" whether a company within the meaning of this Act or not";

(2) In subsection (3) the words "at either of the

" meetings held for passing and confi rming

" the same " shall cease to have effect and the

word " passing " shall be substituted for the

word " co nfir mation."

66. Section one hundred and ninety-five of the

principal Act (which relates to the final meeting and

dissolution of a company) shall be amended as follows:—

(1) The following shall be substituted for subsection (3):—

"(3) Within one week after the meeting,

the liquidator shall send to the registrar of

companies a copy of the account, and shall

make a return to him of the holding of the

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

419

meeting and of its date, and if the copy is

not sent or the return is not made in accordance with this subsection the liquidator shall

be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for

every day during which the default continues.

" If a quorum is not present at the meeting,

the liquidator shall, in lieu of the return

hereinbefore mentioned make a return 0 that

the meeting was duly summoned and that no

quorum was present thereat, and upon such

a return being made the provisions of this

subsection as to the making of the return shall

be deemed to have been complied with."

(2) In subsection (4), for the words "the return

" shall forthwith register it" there shall be

substituted the words "the account and either

• " of the returns hereinbefore mentioned shall

" forthwith register them."

67.—(1) Subsections (2) to (9), both inclusive, of this section shall have effect in relation to every voluntary

winding-up, unless at a meeting of the directors of the

company held before the date on which the notices of the

meeting at which the resolution for the winding-up of the company is to be proposed are sent out, the directors,

or, in the case of a company having more than two

directors, the majority of the directors of the company,

have made a statutory declaration to the effect that

they have made a full inquiry into the affairs of the

company, and that having so done they have formed the

opinion that the company will be able to pay its debts

in full within a period not exceeding twelve months from

the commencement of the liquidation, and unless before

the said date the declaration so made has been filed with

the registrar of companies.

(2) The company shall cause a meeting of the creditors

of the company to be summoned for the day, or the day

next following the day, on which there is to be held the

meeting at which the resolution for winding-up the

company is to be proposed, and shall cause the notices

of the said meeting of creditors to be sent by post

to the creditors simultaneously with the sending of the notices of the said meeting of the company.

The company shall cause notice of the meeting of the creditors to be advertised once in the Gazette and

Amendment

as to

voluntary

winding-up

in certain u

cases.

420

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5,

once at least in two local newspapers circulating in the

district where the registered office or principal place of

business of the company is situate.

(3) The directors of the company shall—

(a) cause a full statement of the position of the

company’s affairs together with a list of the

creditors of the company and the estimated

amount of their claims to be laid before the

meeting of creditors to be held as aforesaid;

and

(b) appoint one of their number to preside at the

said meeting.

(4) It shall be the duty of the director appointed to

preside at the meeting of creditors to attend the meeting

and preside thereat.

(5) The creditors and the company at their respective

meetings to be held as aforesaid may nominate a person

to be liquidator for the purpose of winding up the affairs

and distributing the assets of tfip company, and if the

creditors and the company nominate different persons,

the person nominated by the creditors shall be liquidator,

and if no person is nominated by the creditors the person,

if any, nominated by the company shall be liquidator:

Provided that in the case of different persons being

nominated any director, member, or creditor of the

company may, within seven days after the date on which

the nomination was made by the creditors, apply to

the court for an order either directing that the person

nominated as liquidator by the company shall be liquidator instead of or jointly with the person nominated

by the creditors, or appointing some other person to

be liquidator instead of the person appointed by the

creditors.

(6) The creditors at the meeting to be held as

aforesaid or at- any subsequent meeting, may, if they

think fit, appoint a committee of inspection consisting

of not more than five persons, and if such a committee

is appointed the company may, either at the meeting

at which the resolution for winding-up the company is

passed or at any time subsequently in general meeting,

appoint such number of persons as they think fit to act

as members of the committee not exceeding five in

number:

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

421

Provided that the creditors may, if they think fit,

resolve that all or any of the persons so appointed by

the company ought not to be members of the committee

of inspection, and, if the creditors so resolve, the persons

mentioned in the resolution shall not, unless the court

otherwise .directs, be qualified to act as members of the

committee, and on any application to the court under

this provision the court may, if it thinks fit, appoint

other persons to act as such members in place of the

persons mentioned in the resolution.

Subject to the provisions of this subsection and to

general rules, the provisions of section one hundred and

sixty of the principal Act (except subsections (1) and (9))

shall apply with respect to a committee of inspection

appointed under this section as they apply with

respect to a committee of inspection appointed under

that Act.

(7) If the meeting of the company at which the

resolution for winding-up the company is to be proposed

is adjourned and the resolution is passed at an adjourned

meeting, any resolution passed at the meeting of the

creditors held in pursuance of subsection (2) of this

section shall have effect as if it had been passed

immediately after the passing of the resolution for

winding-up the company.

(8) In the case of every voluntary winding-up to

which the provisions of this section apply, the provisions of the principal Act relating to voluntary winding-

up shall have effect subject to the foregoing provisions

of this section and to the following modifications :—

(a) paragraph (ii) of section one hundred and eighty-

six of the principal Act so far as it gives power

to appoint liquidators shall not apply, and the

power under the said paragraph of fixing the

remuneration of liquidators, and the power

under paragraph (iii) of that section of sanctioning the continuance of the powers of the

directors of the company, shall be exerciseable

by the committee of inspection or, if there is

no such committee, by the creditors instead

of by the company in general meeting:

(b) a vacancy occurring in the office of liquidator

shall be filled by the creditors instead of in

422 Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

manner provided by section one hundred and;

eighty-nine of the principal Act:

(c) the powers of the liquidator under section one

hundred and ninety-two and section two hundred and fourteen of the principal Act (which

relate respectively to the power of the-liquidator

of a company to accept shares as consideration

for the sale of the property of the company

and to general schemes of liquidation) shall not

be exercised except with the sanction either of the court or of the committee of inspection:

(d) subsection (2) of section one hundred and ninety-

four and section one hundred and ninety-five

of the principal Act shall have effect as though

the references therein to general meetings of the company included references to meetings of the creditors:

(e) paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section two

hundred and twenty-two of the principal Act

shall have effect as though for the words "as

" the company by extraordinary resolution

‘ " directs " there were substituted the words

" as the committee of inspection or, if there

" is no such committee, as the creditors of

" the company may direct."

(9) If default is made—

(a) by the company in complying with the

requirements of subsection (2)'of this section;

(b) by the directors of the company in complying

with the requirements of subsection (3) of this section;

(c) by any director of the company in complying

with the requirements of subsection (4) of this section;

the company, directors or director, as the case may be,

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred

pounds, and, in the case of default by the company,

every director, manager, secretary or other officer of the

company who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

permits the default shall be liable to the like penalty.

(10) Section one hundred and eighty-eight of the

principal Act (which relates to the rights of the creditors

, of a company in a voluntary winding-up) and section

1928. Companies Act, 1928. Ch, 45. 423

one hundred and ninety of the principal Act (which

provides for the delegation of a company’s authority to

appoint liquidators) shall cease to have effect.

(11) -Section two hundred and thirty-seven of the

principal Act (which gives power to make general rules

with respect to the winding-up of companies in England)

shall extend so as to authorise the making of rules for

carrying into effect the objects of this section.

68.—(1) Where any part of the property of a Disclaimer

company in liquidation consists of land of any tenure of onerous

burdened with onerous covenants, of shares or stock in P ro P ert y-

companies, of unprofitable contracts, or of any other

property that is unsaleable, or not readily saleable, by

reason of its binding the possessor thereof to the performance of any onerous act, or to the payment of any sum

of money, the liquidator of the company, notwithstanding that he has endeavoured to sell or has t&ken

possession of the property, or exercised any act of

ownership in relation thereto, may, with the leave of the court and subject to the provisions of this section,

by .writing signed by him, at any time within twelve

months after the commencement of the winding-up or

such extended period as may be allowed by the court,

disclaim the property:

Provided that, where any such property has not

come to the knowledge of the liquidator within one

month after the commencement of the winding-up, the

power under this section of disclaiming the property

may be exercised at any time within twelve months

after he has become aware thereof or such extended

period as may be allowed by the court.

(2) The disclaimer shall operate to determine, as

from the date of disclaimer, the rights, interests, and

liabilities of the company, and the property of the

company, in or in respect of the property disclaimed,

but shall not, except so far as is necessary for the purpose of releasing the company and the property of the

company from liability, affect the rights or liabilities of

any other person.

(3) The court, before or on granting leave to

disclaim, may require such notices to be given to persons

interested, and impose such terms as a condition of

424’* Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

i *

"granting leave, and make such other order in the mattey

as the court thinks just.

(4) The liquidator shall "hot be entitled to disclaim

any property under this section in any case where an

application in writing has been made to him by any

persons interested in the property requiring him to

decide whether he will or will not disclaim, and the

liquidator has not, within a period of twenty-eight days

after the receipt of the application or such further period

as may be allowed by the court, given notice to the

applicant that he intends to apply to the court for

leave to disclaim, and, in the case of a contract, if the

liquidator, after such an application as aforesaid, does

not within the said period or further period, disclaim

the contract, the company shall be deemed to have

adopted it. m

f (5) The court may, on the application of any person

who is, as against the liquidator, entitled to the benefit

or subject to the burden of a contract made with the

company, make an order rescinding the contract on such

terms as to payment by or to either party of damages for

the non-performance of the contract, or otherwise as the

court thinks just, and any damages payable under the

order to any such person may be proved by him as a debt

in the winding-up.

(6) The court may, on an application by any person

who either claims any interest in any disclaimed property or is under any liability not discharged by this Act or the principal Act in respect of any disclaimed

property and on hearing any such persons as it thinks fit,

make an order for the vesting of the property in or the

delivery of the property to any persons entitled thereto,

or to whom it may seem just that the property should

be delivered by way of compensation for such liability

as aforesaid, or a trustee for him, and on such terms as

the court thinks just, and on any such vesting order

being made, the property comprised therein shall vest

accordingly in the person therein named in that behalf

without any conveyance or assignment for the purpose:

Provided that, where the property disclaimed is

of a leasehold nature, the court shall not make a

vesting order in favour of any person claiming under

the company, whether as under-lessee or as mortgagee

Ch. 45.

425

1928. Companies Act, 1928.

by demise, except upon the terms of making that

person—

(a) subject to the same liabilities and obligations

as those to which the company was subject

under the lease in respect of the property at

the commencement of the winding-up; or

(b) if the court thinks fit, subject only to the same

liabilities and obligations as if the lease had been

assigned to that person at that date;

and in either event (if the case so requires) as if the lease

had. comprised only the property comprised in the

vesting order, and any mortgagee or under-lessee declining to accept a vesting order upon such terms shall

be excluded from all interest in and security upon the

property, and, if there is no person claiming under the

company who is willing to accept an order upon such

terms, - the court shall have power to vest the estate and

interest of the company in the property in any person

liable either personally or in a representative character,

and either alone or jointly with the company to perform

the lessee’s covenants in the lease, freed and discharged

from all estates, incumbrances and interests created

therein by the company.

(7) Any person injured by the operation of a disclaimer under this section shall be deemed to be a creditor

of the company to the amount of the injury, and may

accordingly prove the amount as a debt in the winding-up.

69.—(1) Where a creditor has issued execution

against the goods or lands of a company or has attached

any debt due to the company, and the company is

subsequently wound up, he shall not be entitled to

retain the benefit of the execution or attachment against

the liquidator in the winding-up of the company unless

lie has completed the execution or attachment before the

commencement of the winding-up:

Provided that—

Restriction

of rights of

creditor in

execution or

attach *

ment.

(a) where any creditor has had notice of a meeting

having been called at which there is to be

proposed a resolution under section one

hundred and eighty-two of the principal Act

to wind up the company voluntarily, the

date on which the creditor so had notice

426

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

shall for the purposes of the foregoing provision he substituted for the date of the

commencement of the. winding-up; and

(b) a person who purchases in good faith under a

sale by the sheriff any goods of a company

on which an execution has been levied shall

in all cases acquire a good title to them

against the liquidator.

(2) For the purposes of this section, an execution

against goods shall be taken to be completed by seizure

and sale, and an attachment of a debt shall be deemed to

be completed by receipt of the debt, and an execution

against land shall be deemed to be completed by seizure

and, in the case of an equitable interest, by the appointment of a receiver.

M

(3) In this section and the next following section

of this Act the expression "goods" includes all chattels

personal, and the expression "sheriff " includes any

officer charged with the execution of a writ or other

process.

Duties of

sheriff as

to goods

taken in

execution.

70.—(1) Where any goods of a company are taken

in execution and before the sale thereof or the completion

of the execution by the receipt or recovery of the full

amount of the levy, notice is served on the sheriff that a

provisional liquidator has been appointed or that a

winding-up order has been made or that a resolution

has been passed under section one hundred and eighty-

two of the principal Act, authorising the company to be

wound up voluntarily, the sheriff shall, on being so

required, deliver the goods and any money seized or

received in part satisfaction of the execution to the

liquidator, but the costs of the execution shall be a first

charge on the goods or money so delivered, and the

liquidator may sell the goods, or a sufficient part thereof,

for the purpose of satisfying that charge. ~

(2) Where under an execution in respect of a

judgment for a sum exceeding twenty pounds the goods

of a company are sold or money is paid in order to avoid

sale, the sheriff shall deduct the costs of the execution

from the proceeds of the sale or the money paid and

retain the balance for fourteen days, and if within that

time notice is served on him of a petition for the

winding-up of the company having been presented or

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

427

of a meeting having been called at which there is to be

proposed a resolution for the voluntary winding-up of the company and an order is made or a resolution is

passed, as the case may be, for the winding-up of the

company, the sheriff shall pay the balance to the

liquidator, .who shall be entitled to retain it as against

the execution creditor.

71. Where a company is dissolved, all property

and rights whatsoever vested in or held on trust for the

company immediately before its dissolution (including

leasehold property but not including property held by

the company on trust for any other person) shall, subject

and without prejudice to any order which may at any

time be made by the court under section two hundred

and twenty-three or under subsection (6) of section

two hundred and forty-two of the principal Act, be

deemed to be bona vacantia and shall accordingly belong

to the Crown, or to the Duchy of Lancaster or to the

Duke of Cornwall for the time being, as the case may be,

and shall vest and may be dealt with in the same

manner as other bona vacantia accruing to the Crown,

to the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duke of Cornwall.

72. If any person, being at the time of the commission of the alleged offence an officer of' a company which

is subsequently ordered to be wound up by the court or

subsequently passes a resolution under section one

hundred and eighty-two of the principal Act authorising

the company to be wound up voluntarily—

(a) has by false pretences or by means of any other

fraud induced any person to give credit to the

.company;

(b) with intent to defraud creditors of the company,

has made or caused to be made any gift or

transfer of or charge on, or has caused or

connived at the levying of any execution against

the property of the company;

(c) with intent to defraud creditors of the company,

has concealed or removed any part of the

property of the company since or within two

months before the date of any unsatisfied

judgment . or order for payment of money

obtained against the company;

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and shall be liable

on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term

Property of

dissolved

company

to be bona

vacantia.

Frauds by

officers of

companies

■which have

gone into

liquidation.

428

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

not exceeding two years, or on summary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months.

Offences by 73.—(1) If any person, being a past or present

officers of officer of a company which at the time of the commission

° ence is being wound up, whether by the court

tion. <1U1 a or voluntarily, or is subsequently ordered to be wound

up by the court or passes a resolution under section one

hundred and eighty-two of the principal Act authorising

the company to be wound up voluntarily—

(a) does not to the best of his knowledge and belief

fully and truly discover to the liquidator

all the property, real and personal, of the

company, and how and to whom and for what

consideration and when the company disposed

of any part thereof, except 1 such part as has

been disposed of in the ordinary way of the

business of the company; or

(b) does not deliver up to the liquidator, or as he

directs, all such part of the real and personal

property of the company as is in his custody

or under his control,and which he is required

by law to deliver up; or

(c) does not deliver up to the liquidator, or as he

directs, all books, documents, papers, and

writings in his custody or under his control

belonging to the company and which he is

required by law to deliver up; or

(d) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter conceals any part of the property of the company to the value of ten pounds or

upwards, or conceals any debt due to or from

the company; or

(e) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up or at any time

thereafter fraudulently removes any part of the property of the company to the value of

ten pounds or upwards; or

(f) makes any material omission in any statement

relating to the affairs of the company; or

(g) knowing or believing that a false debt has been

proved by any person under the winding-up,

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

429

fails for the period of a month to inform the

liquidator thereof; or

(h) after the commencement of the winding-up

prevents the production of any book, document, paper, or writing affecting or relating to

the property or affairs of the company; or

(i) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up or at any thne

thereafter, conceals, destroys, mutilates, or

falsifies, or is privy to the concealment,

destruction, mutilation, or falsification of, any

book or document affecting or relating to the

property or affairs of the company; or

(j) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up or at any time

thereafter makes or is privy to the making of

any false entry in any book or document

affecting or relating to the property or affairs

of the company; or

(k) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up or at any time

thereafter fraudulently parts with, alters, or

makes any omission in, or is privy to the

fraudulent parting with, altering, or making

any omission in, any document affecting or

relating to the property or affairs of the

company; or

(l) after the commencement of the winding-up Or

at any meeting of the creditors of the company

within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up attempts to

account for any part of the property of the

company by fictitious losses or expenses; or

(m) has within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up or at any time

thereafter, by any false representation or other

fraud, obtained any property for or on behalf

of the company on credit which the company

does not subsequently pay for; or

(n) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up or at any time

thereafter, under the false pretence that the

company is carrying on its business, obtains on

430

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

credit, for or on behalf of the company, any ’

property which the company does not subsequently pay 1 for; or

(o) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding-up or at any time

thereafter pawns, pledges, or disposes of any

property of the company which has been

obtained on credit and has not been paid for,

unless such pawning, pledging, or disposing is

in the ordinary way of the business of the

company; or

(p) is guilty of any false representation or other

fraud for the purpose of obtaining the consent of the creditors of the company or any of

them to an agreement with reference to the

affairs of the company or to the winding-up;

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and shall, in the

case of the offences mentioned respectively in paragraphs (m), (n) and (o) of this subsection, be liable on

conviction on indictment to penal servitude for a term

not exceeding five years, or on sdmmary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months,

and in the case of any other offence shall he liable on

conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding two years, or on summary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to a

charge under any of paragraphs (a), (&), (c), (d), (/),

(n) and (o), if the accused proves that he had no intent

to defraud, and to a charge under any of paragraphs (h ),

(i) and (j), if he proves that he had no intent to

conceal the state of affairs of the company or to defeat

the law.

(2) Where any person pawns, pledges or disposes of

any property in circumstances which amount to a misdemeanour under paragraph (o) of subsection (1) of this

section, every person who takes in pawn or pledge or

otherwise receives the property knowing it to be pawned,

pledged, or disposed of in such circumstances as aforesaid shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and on conviction

thereof liable to be punished in the same way as if he

had received the property knowing it to have been

obtained in circumstances amounting to a misdemeanour.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

431

(3) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" officer" shall include any person occupying the position

of a director or in accordance with whose directions or

instructions the directors of a company have been

accustomed to act.

74.—(1) If in the case of any company which has Liability

gone into liquidation it is shown that proper books where

of account were not kept by the company throughout

the period of two years immediately preceding the nofc kept>

commencement of the -winding-up, every director or

other officer of the company who was knowingly a party

to or connived at the default of the company shall,

unless he shows that he acted honestly or that in the

circumstances in which the business of the company was

carried on the default was excusable, be liable on conviction

on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

one year, or on summary conviction to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding six months.

(2) For the purposes of this section, proper books of

account shall be deemed not to have been kept in the

case of any company if there have not been kept such

books or accounts as are necessary to exhibit and explain

the transactions and financial position of the trade or

business of the company, including books containing

entries from day to day in sufficient detail of all cash

received and cash paid, and, where the trade or business

has involved dealings in goods, statements of the annual

stocktakings and (except in the case of goods sold by

way of ordinary retail trade) of all goods sold and purchased, showing the goods and the buyers and sellers

thereof in sufficient detail to enable those goods and

those buyers and sellers to be identified.

75.—(1) If in the course of a -winding-up it appears Provisions

that any business of the company has been carried on with respect

or

to fraudu-

with intent to defraud creditors of the company .

creditors of any other person or for any fraudulent len rading '

purpose, the court, on the application of the official

receiver or the liquidator, or any creditor or contributory of the company, may, if it thinks proper so

to do, declare that any of the directors, whether past or

present, of the company who were knowingly parties to

the carrying on of the business in manner aforesaid

shall be personally responsible, -without any limitation of

432

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

liability, for all or any of the debts or other liabilities of /

the company as the court may direct.

(2) Where the court makes any such declaration,

it may give such further directions as it thinks proper

for the purpose of giving effect to that declaration, and '

in particular may make provision for making the

liability of any such director under the declaration

a charge on any debt or obligation due from the

company to him, or on any mortgage or charge or any

interest in any mortgage or charge on any assets of the

company held by or vested in him, or any company or

person on his behalf, or any person claiming as assignee

from or through the director, company or person,

other than an assignee for valuable consideration (not

including consideration by way of marriage) given in

good faith and without notice of any "of the matters on

the ground of which the declaration is made, and may

from time to time make such further order as may be

necessary for the purpose of enforcing any charge

imposed under this subsection.

For the purpose of the foregoing provision the

expression " assignee " includes any' person to whom or

in whose favour by the directions of the director the

debt, obligation, mortgage or charge was created issued or

transferred or the interest created.

(3) Where any business of a company is carried on

with such intent or for such purpose as is mentioned in

subsection (1) of this section, every director of the company who was knowingly a party to the carrying on of the

business in manner aforesaid, shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding one year.

(4) The court may, in the case of any person in

respect of whom a declaration has been made under the

foregoing provisions of this section or, . who has been

convicted of an offence under the foregoing provisions

of this section, order that that person shall not, without

the leave of the court, be a director of or in any way,

whether directly or indirectly, be concerned in or take

part in the management of a company for such period,

not exceeding five years, from the date of the declaration

or of the conviction, as the case may be, as may be

specified in the order, and if any person acts in contravention of an order made under this subsection he

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

433

shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on conviction

oh indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

two years, or on summary conviction to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not

exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment* and fine.

In this subsection the expression "the court" in

relation to the making of an order, means the court

by which the declaration was made or the court before

which the person was convicted, as the case may be,

and in relation to the granting of leave means any court

having jurisdiction to wind up the company.

(5) For the purposes of this section, the expression

"director" shall include any person who occupies the

position of a director or in accordance with whose

directions or instructions the directors of a company

have been accustomed to act.

(6) The provisions of this section shall have effect

notwithstanding that the person concerned may be

criminally liable in respect of the matters on the

ground of which the declaration is to be made, and

where the declaration under subsection (1) of this

section is made in the case of a winding-up in England,

the declaration shall be deemed to be a final judgment

within the meaning of paragraph (g) of subsection (1)

of section one of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914. 4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 59.

(7) It shall be the duty of the official receiver or of the liquidator to appear on the hearing of an application

for leave under subsection (4) of this section, and on the

hearing of an application under that subsection or under f

subsection (1) of this section the official receiver or the *

liquidator, as the case may be, may himself give evidence

or call witnesses.

76.—(1) If, where the court in England has made a Amendment

winding-up order in respect of any company, the official of _ 8 -148 of

receiver, in pursuance of subsection (2) of section one

hundred and forty-eight of the principal Act, reports ‘ 62 jj ,

that, in his opinion, a fraud has been committed by any *’1

person in the promotion or formation of the company or

by any director or other officer of the company in relation

thereto since its formation, the court may, on the

application of the official receiver, make an order under

subsection (4) of the last preceding section of this Act

Ee

434

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Prosecution

. of delinquent

vdirectors.

as though the person by whom the fraud is alleged in/

the report to have been made were a person in respect of

whom a declaration has been-made under subsection (1)

of that section.

(2) The official receiver shall, where he intends to

make an application Tinder this section, give not less

than ten days’ notice of his intention to the person

charged with the fraud, and on the hearing of the application that person may appear and himself give evidence

or call witnesses.

(3) It shall be the duty of the official receiver to

appear on the hearing of any such application and to call

the attention of the court to any matters which appear

to him to be relevant, and the official receiver may on

the hearing himself give evidence or pall witnesses.

77.—(1) If it appears to the court in the course of

a winding-up by, or subject to the supervision of, the

court that any past or present director, manager or other

officer, or any member, of the company has been guilty

of any offence in relation to the company for which he is

-criminally liable, the court may, either on the application

of any person interested in the winding-up or of its own

motion, direct the liquidator either himself to prosecute

the offender or to refer the matter to the Director of

Public Prosecutions.

(2) If it appears to the liquidator in the course of

a voluntary winding-up that any past or present director,

manager or other officer, or any member, of the company

has been guilty of any offence in relation to the company

for which he is criminally liable, he shall forthwith report

.the matter to the Director' of Public Prosecutions and

shall furnish to the Director such information and give

to him such access to and facilities for inspecting and

taking copies of any documents (being information or

documents in the possession or under the control of the liquidator and relating to the matter in question)

as the Director may require.

Where any such report is made to the Director

of Public Prosecutions he may, if he thinks fit, refer

the matter to the Board of Trade for further enquiry,

and the Board shall thereupon investigate the matter

and may if they think it expedient, apply to the court

for an order conferring on the Board or any person

designated by the Board for the purpose, with respect to

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

435

the company concerned all such powers of investigating

the affairs of the company as are provided by the

principal Act in the case of a winding-up by the court.

If on any report to the Director of Public Prosecutions under this subsection it appears to him that the

case is not one in which proceedings ought to be taken

by him, he shall inform the liquidator accordingly,

and thereupon, subject to the previous sanction c 'of

the court, the liquidator may himself take proceedings

against the offender.

(3) If it appears to the court in the course of a

voluntary winding-up that any past or present director,

manager or other officer, or any member, of the company

has been guilty as aforesaid and that no report with respect

to the matter has been made by the liquidator to the

Director of Public Prosecutions under the last preceding

subsection, the court may, on the application o£ any

person interested in the winding-up or of its own motion,

direct the liquidator to make such a report, and on a

report being made accordingly the provisions of this

section shall have effect as though the report had been

made in pursuance of the provisions of the last preceding

subsection.

(4) If, where any matter is reported or referred

to the Director of Public Prosecutions under this section,

he considers that the case is one in which a prosecution

ought to be instituted and, further, that it is desirable

in the public interest that the proceedings in the prosecution should be conducted by him, he shall institute

proceedings accordingly, and it shall be the duty of the

liquidator and of every officer and agent of the company,

past and present (other than the defendant in the proceedings) to give to him all assistance in connection

with the prosecution which he is reasonably able to

give.

If any person fails or neglects to give assistance in

manner required by this subsection, the court may, on

the application of the Director of Public Prosecutions,

direct that person to comply with the requirements of this subsection, and where any such application is made

with respect to a liquidator the court may, unless it

appears that the failure or neglect to comply was due to

the liquidator not having in his hands sufficient assets

of the company to enable him so to do, direct that the

436

Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

costs of the application shall be home by the liquidator

personally. _

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression

" agent " in relation to a company shall be deemed to

include any banker, or solicitor of the company and any

person employed by the company as auditor, whether

that, person is or is not an officer of the company.

(5) The Board of Trade, with the consent of the

Treasury, may direct that the whole or any part of

any costs and expenses properly incurred by the liquidator

in proceedings duly brought by him under this section

shall be defrayed as expenses incurred by the Board

under the principal Act in relation to the winding-up of

companies in England, and subsection (3) of section

thirteen of the Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act,

1926, shall apply accordingly.

Subject to any direction under this subsection and

to any mortgages or charges on the assets of the company and any debts to which priority is given by section

two hundred and nine of the principal Act, all such costs

and expenses as aforesaid shall be payable out of those

assets in priority to all other liabilities payable thereout.

Provisions 78.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, any pro- *

as to lia- vision, whether contained in the articles of a company

bility of or in any contract with a company or otherwise, for

directors, exempting any director, manager or other officer of the

&c - company from, or indemnifying him against, any liability

which by virtue of any rule of law would otherwise

attach to him in respect of any negligence, default,

breach of duty or breach of trust of which he may

be guilty in relation to the company shall be void:

Provided that—

(a) in relation to any such provision which is

in force at the date of the commencement

of this Act, this subsection shall have effect *

only on the expiration of a period of sis

months from that date; and

(b) nothing in this subsection shall operate to

deprive any person of any exemption or right

to be indemnified in respect of anything done

or Omitted to be done by him while any such

provision Was in force; and

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

437

(c) notwithstanding anything in this subsection,

a company may, in pursuance of any

such provision as aforesaid, indemnify any

director, manager or other officer of the

company against any liability incurred by

him in defending any proceedings, whether

civil or criminal, in which judgment is given

in his favour or in which he is acquitted or

in connection with* any application under

section two hundred and seventy-nine of the principal Act or under this section in

which relief is granted to him by the court.

(2) Section two hundred and seventy-nine of the

principal Act shall apply to the managers and officers

of a company as it applies to the directors of a company,

and shall have effect as though for the words "negligence

or breach of trust wherever they occur " there, were

substituted the words "negligence, default, breach of

duty or breach of trust, " and the court in determining

in pursuance of that section whether any person ought

fairly to be excused for any negligence, default, breach

of duty, or breach of trust shall take into consideration

all the circumstances of the case, including those

connected with his appointment.

(3) Where any case to which the said section

two hundred and seventy-nine applies is being tried by

a judge with a jury, the judge, after hearing the

evidence, may, if he is satisfied that the defendant

ought in pursuance of the said section to be relieved

either in whole or in part from the liability sought to

be enforced against him, withdraw the case in whole or

in part from the jury and forthwith direct judgment to

be entered for the defendant on such terms as to costs

or otherwise as the judge may think proper.

(4) Where any person being a director, manager

or officer of a company has reason to apprehend that any

claim will or might be made against him in respect of

any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust,

' he may apply to the court for relief, and the court on

any such application shall have the same power to relieve

him as under section two hundred and seventy-nine of the principal Act it would have had if it had been a

court before which proceedings against that person for

negligence, default, breach of duty, or breach of trust had

been brought.

438

Ch. 45.

Accounts to

contain

particulars

as to loans

to directors,

&c.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

t

79.—(1) The accounts which in pursuance of this Act are annually to be laid' before every company in

general meeting shall contain .particulars showing—

(a) the amount of any loans which during the period

to which the accounts relate have been made

either by the company or by any other person

under a guarantee from or on a security provided by the company to any director or

officer of the company, including any such loans

which were repaid during the said period; and

(b) the amount of any loans made in manner aforesaid to any director or officer at any time before

the period aforesaid and outstanding at the

expiration thereof:

Provided that the foregoing provisions shall

not apply—

(i) in the case of a company the ordinary

business of which includes the lending of

money, to a loan made by the company in

the ordinary course of its business; or

(ii) to a loan madh" by the company to

any employee of the company if the loan

does not exceed two thousand pounds and

is certified by the directors of the company

to have been made in accordance with any

practice adopted or about to be adopted

by the company with respect to loans to

its employees:

(c) the total of the amount paid to the directors as

remuneration for their services, inclusive of all

fees, percentages, or other emoluments, paid to

or receivable by them by or from the company

or by or from any subsidiary company:

Provided that this provision-shall not apply

in relation to a managing director of the company, and in the case of any other director who

holds any salaried employment or office in the

company there shall not be required to be included in the said total amount any sums paid

to him except sums paid by way of directors ’

fees.

(2) If in the case of any such accounts as aforesaid

the requirements of this section are not complied with.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 4o.

439

it shall be the duty of the auditors of the company by

whom the accounts are examined to include in their

report on the balance sheet of the company (so far as

they are reasonably able to do so) a statement giving the

required particulars.

c

80.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the directors

of' a company shall, on a demand in that behalf made

to them in writing by menlbers of the compaiiy

entitled to not less than one-fourth of the aggregate number of votes to which all the members of the company are together entitled, furnish to all the

members of the company within a period of one

month from the receipt of the demand a statement,

certified as correct, or with such qualifications as may

be necessary, by the auditors of the company, showing as respects each of the last three preceding years

in respect of which the accounts of the company 3iave

been made up the aggregate amount received in

that year by way of remuneration or other emoluments

by persons being directors of the company, whether

as such directors or otherwise in connection with

the management of the affairs of the company, and

there shall in respect of any such director who is a

director of any other company which is in relation to

the first-mentioned company a subsidiary company

within the meaning of section forty of this Act, or

by virtue of the nomination, whether direct or indirect,

of the company a director of any other company be

included in the said aggregate amount any remuneration

or other emoluments received by him for his own use

whether as a director of, or otherwise in connection

with the management of the affairs of that other

company:

Provided always that—

(a) a demand for a statement under this section

shall be of no effect if the company within

one month after the date on which the demand

is made resolve that the statement shall not

be furnished; and

(b) it shall be sufficient to state the total aggregate

of all sums paid to or other emoluments

received by all the directors in each year

without specifying the amount received by

any individua].

Statement

as to remuneration

of directors

to be furnished to

shareholders.

440

Ch. 45.

Disclosure

by directors

of interest

in contracts.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(2) In computing for the purpose of this section

the amount of any remuneration or emoluments received

by any director, the ‘amount actually received by him

shall, if the company has paid on his behalf any sum

chargeable by way of income tax (including super-tax)

in respect of the remuneration or emoluments, be increased by the amount of the sum so paid.

(3) If any director fails to comply with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) In this section and in the last preceding section

of this Act, the expression "emoluments " includes fees,

percentages and other payments made or consideration

given directly or indirectly to a director as such and the

money value of any allowances or perquisites belonging

to h(s office.

81.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it

shall be the duty of any director of a company who is in

any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a

contract or proposed contract ttdth the company to

declare the nature of his interest at a meeting of the

directors of the company.

(2) In the case of a proposed contract the declaration

required by this section to be made by a director shall

be made at the meeting of the directors at which the

question of entering into the contract is first taken into

consideration, or if the director was not at the date

of that meeting interested in the proposed contract,

at the next meeting of the directors held after he

became so interested, and in a case where the

director becomes interested in a contract after it is

made, the said declaration shall be made at the first

meeting of the directors held after the. director becomes

so interested.

(3) For the purpose of this section, a general notice

given to the directors of a company by any director to

the effect that he is ‘a member of a specified company or

firm and is to be regarded as interested in any contract

which may, after the date of the notice, be made with

that company or firm shall be deemed to be a sufficient

declaration of interest in relation to any contract so

made.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928..

Ch. 45.

441

(4) Any director who fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the operation of any rule of law restricting directors of a

company from having any interest in contracts with the

company.

82 . — (1)It is hereby declared that it is not lawful

in connection with the transfer of the whole or any part

of the undertaking or property of a company for any

payment to be made to any director of the company

by way of compensation for loss of office or as consideration for or in connection with his retirement from

office unless particulars with respect to the proposed

payment, including the amount thereof, have been disclosed to the members of the company and the proposal

approved by the company, and where any payment

which is hereby declared to be illegal is made to a

director of the company the amount received shall be

deemed to have been received by him in trust for the

company.

(2) Where any payment is to be made as aforesaid

to any director of a company in connection with the

transfer to any persons, as a result of an offer made to

the general body of shareholders, of all or any of the

shares in the company, it shall be the duty of that

director to take all reasonable steps to secure that

particulars with respect to the proposed payment,

including the amount thereof, shall be included in or

sent with any notice of the offer made for their shares

which is given to any members of the company.

(3) If any such director fails to take reasonable

steps as aforesaid, or if any person who has been properly

required by any such director to include the said

particulars in or send them with any such notice fails

so to do, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

twenty-five pounds, and if the requirements of the last

foregoing subsection are not complied with in relation to

any such payment, any sum received by the director on

accbunt of the payment shall be deemed to have been

received by him in trust for any persons who have sold

their shares as a result of the offer made.

Declaration

of law as to

payments

received by

directors for

loss of office

or on retirement.

442

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to assignment of 4

office by

directors.

Provisions

as to undis-

charged

bankrupts

acting as

directors.

(4) If in connection with any such transfer as aforesaid the price to be paid to any director of the company

whose office is to be abolished-or who is to retire from

office for any shares in a company held by him is in

excess of the price which could at the time have been '

obtained by other holders of the like shares or any

valuable consideration is given to any such director, the

excess or the money value of the consideration, as the

case' may be, shall, for the purposes of this section, be

deemed to have been a payment made to him by way of

compensation for loss of office or as consideration for or

in connection with his retirement from office.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice the operation of any rule of law requiring

disclosure to be made with respect to any such payments as are mentioned in this section or with respect

to any other like payments made or to be made to the

directors of a company.

83. If in the case of any company provision is

made by the articles or by any agreement entered into

between any person and the company for empowering a

director or-manager of the company to assign his office

as such to another person, any assignment of office made

in pursuance of the said provision shall, notwithstanding

anything to the contrary contained in the said provision,

be of no effect unless and until it is approved by a special

resolution of the company.

84. —(1) If any person being an undischarged bankrupt acts as director of, or directly or indirectly takes part

in or is concerned in the management of, any company

including an unregistered company and a company incorporated outside Great Britain which has an established

place of business within Great Britain except with the

leave of the court by which he was adjudged bankrupt,

he shall be liable on conviction on indictment to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or

on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding

five hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and

fine:

Provided that a person shall not be guilty of an

offence under this section by reason that he, being’an

undischarged bankrupt, has acted as director of, or

taken part or been concerned in the management of, a

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

443

company, if he was at the passing of this Act acting as

director of, or taking part, or being concerned in the

management of that company and has continuously so

acted, taken part, or been concerned since the passing of this Act and the bankruptcy was prior to the passing

of this Act.

(2) The leave of the court for the purposes of this

section shall not be given unless notice of intention

to apply therefor has been served on the official receiver

and it shall be the duty of the official receiver, if he is of

opinion that it is contrary to the public interest that any

such application should be granted, to attend on the

hearing of and oppose the granting of the application.

(3) In this section the expression "official receiver "

means the official receiver in bankruptcy.

85. —(1) No body corporate (but not including a

firm in Scotland) shall, unless acting under an appointment made before the passing of this Act, be qualified to

act as liquidator (whether in a winding-up by the court

or in a voluntary liquidation), auditor or receiver of the

property of a company, and any appointment made in

contravention of this provision shall be void.

(2) Any body corporate which in contravention of the provisions of this section acts as such liquidator,

auditor or receiver as aforesaid, shall be liable to a fine

not exceeding one hundred pounds.

86. —(1) No person being the partner or in the employment of any officer of a company shall, unless the

company is a private company, be qualified for appointment as auditor of the company.

(2) The following shall be substituted for subsection (5) of section one hundred and twelve of the

principal Act:—

"(5) Subject as hereinafter provided, the first

auditors of the company may be appointed

by the directors at any time before the first

annual general meeting, and auditors so

appointed shall hold office until that meeting:

Provided that—

(a) the company may at a general meeting

of which notice has been served on the

auditors in the same manner as on members

of the company remove any such auditors

Companies,

&o., disqualified for

acting as

liquidator,

auditor or

receiver of

a company.

Provisions '

as to

auditors.

444

Ch. 45.

Notification

that a company is in

liquidation.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

and appoint in their place any other per-,

sons being persons who have been nominated for appointment by any member of the company and of whose nomination

notice has been given to the members of the company not less than seven days

before the date of the meeting; and

(b) if the directors fail to exercise their powers

under this subsection, the company in

general meeting may appoint 'the first

auditors, and thereupon the said powers

of the directors shall cease."

(3) In subsection (7) of the said section one hundred

and twelve the words "first annual general meeting"

shall be substituted for the words "statutory meeting."

(4) The auditors of a company shall be entitled to

attend any general meeting of the company at which any

accounts which have been examined or reported on by

them are to be laid before the company and to make any

statement or explanation they desire with respect to the

accounts.

(5) So much of this Act as makes void any provisions contained in the articles of a company or in

any contract or otherwise for exempting a director of a

company from or indemnifying him against any liability

in respect of negligence, default, breach of duty or

.breach of trust in relation to the company, and as

provides that where any person being a director, manager,

or officer of a company has reason to apprehend that any

claim will or might be made, against him in respect- of

any negligence, default, breach of duty, or breach of

trust, he may apply to the court for relief and the

provisions of section two hundred and seventy-nine of the principal Act (which empowers the court to grant

relief to directors in certain cases), shall apply to, and

in the case of, persons employed by a company as

auditors, whether those persons are or are not officers of the company, as they apply to, and in the case of,

directors.

87.—(1) Where a company is being wound up,

whether by the court or voluntarily, or where a receiver

or manager of the property of a company has been

appointed, every invoice, order for goods or business

letter issued by or on behalf of the company or a

1928.

Ch. 45.

445

Companies Act, 1928.

liquidator of the company or the receiver or manager,

being a document on or in which the name of the

company appears, shall contain a statement that the

company is in liquidation or that a receiver or manager

has been appointed, as the case may be.

(2) If default is made in complying with the requirements of this section, the company and' every director,

manager, secretary or other officer of the company, and

every liquidator of the company and every receiver or

manager, who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

permits the default shall be liable to a fine of twenty

pounds.

88. At the end of subsection (6) of section two Amendment

hundred and forty-three of the principal Act (which of subs. (6)

provides for the inspection and the issue of certified of.s. 243 of

copies of documents kept by the registrar of companies) lcipal

there shall be inserted the following proviso :—

"Provided that, where-a company has been

dissolved under this Act, the registrar may, at

any time after the expiration of two years from

the date of the dissolution, direct that any

documents in his custody relating to that company

may be removed to the Public Record Office, and

documents in respect of which any such direction

is given shall be disposed of in accordance with

the provisions of the Public Record Office Acts,

1838 to 1898, and the rules made thereunder."

89 . — (1)Section two hundred and seventy-four of Amendment

the principal Act (which contains certain requirements of s. 274 of

as to companies incorporated outside Great Britain) principal

shall be extended so as to apply to companies so incorpo- c ‘

rated which before the commencement of the principal Act

established, and at the commencement of this Act continue

to have, a place of business within Great Britain, and

to all companies incorporated in the Irish Free State or

in Northern Ireland which at the commencement of this Act have such a place of business and subsection (1)

of that section shall in relation to such a company have

effect as if for the reference to one month from the

establishment of a place of business there were substituted

a reference to one month after the commencement of this Act.

446

Ch. 45. Companies Act> 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(2) The list of directors required to be filed under

the said subsection (1) shall contain such particulars

■with respect to the 'directors as are required under

section seventy-five of the principal Act to be contained

with respect to directors in the register of the directors

of a company, and the said subsection shall have effect

as if for the reference to the filing of a notice of alteration there were substituted a reference to the fifing

of a return containing the prescribed particulars of the

alteration.

(3) Any document which any company to which

the said section two hundred and seventy-four applies is

required to file with the registrar of companies, shall be

filed with the registrar at the registration office in that part

of Great Britain in which the company has established

a place of business, and if it has established or establishes

a pla'ce of business in both parts of Great Britain, the

document shall be filed at the registration office in both

such parts, and references to the registrar of companies

in the said section shall be construed accordingly.

Provided that nothing in this section shall operate to

require any document to be filed at any registration

office if it has been filed at that office before the

commencement of this Act.

(4) If any company to which the said section applies

ceases to have any place of business in any part of Great

Britain, it shall forthwith give notice of the fact to the

registrar of companies for that part, and as from the

date on which notice is so given the obligation of the

company to file any document with the registrar of

companies shall cease.

(5) Subsection (4) of the said section shall apply to

every company incorporated outside Great Britain which

has an established place of business in Great Britain

whether or not the company uses the word "Limited "

as part of its name, and where the liability of the members

of a company to which the said section applies is limited,

notice of that fact shall be stated in legible characters in

every prospectus inviting subscriptions for its shares or

debentures in Great Britain, in all bill-heads, letter paper,

notices, advertisements and other official publications of the company in Great Britain, and shall be affixed on

every place where it carries on its business.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

447

90 . — (1)Where a company to which section two

hundred and seventy-four of the principal Act applies

makes default in filing with the registrar the name and

address of a person resident in Great Britain who is

authorised to accept on beha]f of the company service

of process or notices, or if at any time all the persons

whose names and addresses have been so filed are dead

or have ceased so to reside, or refuse to accept service

on behalf of the company, or for any reason cannot be

so served, section one hundred and sixteen of the principal Act shall apply to the company in like manner as it

applies to a company registered under that Act with the

substitution of any place of business established by the

company in Great Britain for the registered office of the

company.

(2) Every company to which the said section two

hundred and seventy-four applies shall in every calendar

year make out a balance sheet in such form, and

containing such particulars and including such documents, as under the provisions of this Act it would

if it had been a company within the meaning of the

principal Act, have been required to make out and lay

before the company in general meeting, and file a copy

of that balance sheet with the registrar.

If any such balance sheet is in a foreign language

there shall be annexed to it a translation thereof in

English, certified in the prescribed manner to be a correct

translation.

(3) Subsection (3) of the said section two hundred

and seventy-four shall cease to have effect.

(4) The expression "director" in the said section

two hundred and seventy-four shall in relation to any

company include any person in accordance with whose

directions or instructions the directors of the company

are accustomed to act.

(5) When a company incorporated in the Channel

Islands or the Isle of Man establishes a place of business in England or Scotland, all the provisions of the

principal Act requiring documents to be forwarded to or

filed with the registrar of companies (other than

provisions requiring the payment of a fee in respect

of the registration of a company) shall apply to the

company in like manner as if it were a company

registered in England or Scotland, as the case may be,

Further

provisions

as to companies incorporated

abroad.

448

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Winding-up

of foreign

companies

ceasing to

carry on

business in

Great

Britain.

Restrictions

on offering

of shares

for subscription

or sale.

and if the company establishes places of business in i

both England and Scotland the said provisions shall so

apply as if the company were -registered in both England

and Scotland.

The provisions of this subsection shall apply to any

company incorporated as aforesaid which has before the

commencement of this Act established a place of business

in Great Britain, and at the commencement of this Act

continues to have such a place of business, subject to the

modification that the time within which documents must

be forwarded to, or filed with, the registrar shall run

from the commencement of this Act.

91. Where a company incorporated outside Great

Britain which has been carrying on t business in Great

Britain ceases to carry on business in Great Britain, it

may be wound up as an unregistered company under

Part VIII of the principal Act, notwithstanding that it

has been dissolved or otherwise ceased to exist as a

company under or by virtue of the laws of the country

under which it was incorporated.

92. —(1) It shall not be lawful for any person to go

fropa house to house offering shares for subscription or

purchase to the public or any member of the public.

In this subsection the expression "house " shall not

include an office used" for business purposes.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, it shall not be

lawful to make an offer in writing to any member of the

public (not being a person whose ordinary business or

part of whose ordinary business it is to buy or sell shares,

whether as principal or agent) of any shares for purchase

unless the offer is accompanied by a statement in writing

(which must be signed by the person making the offer

and dated) containing such particulars, as are required

by this section to be included therein and otherwise

complying with the requirements of this section, or, in

the case of shares in a company incorporated outside

Great Britain, by such a prospectus as complies with the

provisions of the next following section of this Act.

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall

not apply—

(a) where the shares to which the offer relates are

shares which are quoted on, or in respect of

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

449

which permission to deal has been granted by,

any recognised stock exchange in Great Britain

and the offer so states and specifies the stock

exchange; or

(6) where the shares to which the offer relates are

shares which a company has allotted or agreed

to allot with a view to their being offered for

sale to the public; or >

(c) where the offer was made only to persons with

whom the person making the offer has been in

the habit of doing regular business in the purchase or sale of shares.

(3) The written statement aforesaid shall not contain

any matter other than the particulars required by this

section to be included therein, and shall not be in

characters less large or less legible than any characters

used in the offer or in any document sent therewith.

(4) The said statement shall contain particulars

with respect to the following matters—

(a) whether the person making the offer is acting as

principal or agent, and if as agent the name of

his principal and an address in Great Britain

where that principal can be served with

process;

(b) the date on which and the country in which the

company was incorporated, and the address of

its registered or principal office in Great

Britain;

(c) the authorised share capital of the company

and the amount thereof which has been issued,

the classes into which it is divided and the

rights of each class of shareholders in respect

of capital, dividends and voting;

(d) the dividends, if any, paid by the company on

each class of shares during each of the three

financial years immediately preceding the offer,

and if no dividend has been paid in respect

of shares of any particular class during any of

those years, a statement to that effect;

(e) the total amount of any debentures issued by

the company and outstanding at the date of the statement, together with the rate of interest

payable thereon;

Ff

450

Ch, 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5-

(f) the names and addresses of the directors of the

company and of any person occupying the

position of director_of the company;

(g) whether or not the shares offered are fully paid

up, and, if not, to what extent they are paid up;

(h) whether or not the shares are qu'oted on, or

permission to deal therein has been granted

by any, recognised stock exchange in Great

Britain or elsewhere, and, if so, which, and, if

not, a statement that they are not so quoted or

that no such permission has been granted;

(i) where the offer relates to units, particulars of the names and addresses of the persons in

whom the shares represented by the units are

vested, the date of and the parties to any document defining the terms on which those shares

are held, and an address in Great Britain where

that document or a copy thereof can be

inspected.

In this subsection the expression "company " means

the company by which the shares, to which the statement

relates were or are to be issued.

(5) If any person acts, or incites, causes or procures

any person to act, in contravention of this section, he

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

six months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred

pounds or to both such imprisonment and fine, and in

the case of a second or subsequent offence to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to a fine

not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such

imprisonment and fine.

(6) Where a person convicted of an offence under

this section is a company (whether a company within

the meaning of the principal Act or not), every director

and every officer concerned in the management of the

company shall be guilty of the like offence unless he

proves that the act constituting the offence took place

without his knowledge or consent.

(7) In this section, unless the context otherwise

requires, the expression "shares" means the shares of

a company, whether a company within the meaning of the principal Act or not, and includes debentures and

units, and the expression "unit" means any right or

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

451

interest (by whatever name called) in a share, and for the

purposes of this section a person shall not in relation to a

company be regarded as not being a member of the

public by reason only that he is a holder of shares in the

company or a purchaser of goods from the company.

(8) If any person is convicted of having made an

offer in contravention of the provisions of this section,

the court before which he is convicted may order that

any contract made as a result of the offer shall be void,

and, where it makes any such order, may give such consequential directions as it thinks proper for the repayment

of any money or the retransfer of any shares.

Where the court makes an order under this subsection

(whether with or without consequential directions) an

appeal against the order and the consequential directions,

if any, shall lie to the High Court.

93.—(1) It shall not be lawful for any person—

(a) to issue, circulate or distribute in Great

Britain any prospectus offering for subscription shares in or debentures of a company

incorporated or to be incorporated outside

Great Britain, whether the company has or

has not established, or when formed will or

will not establish, a place of business in Great

Britain, unless—

(i) before the issue, circulation or distribution of the prospectus in Great

Britain a copy thereof, certified by the

chairman and two other directors of the

company as having been approved by

resolution of the managing body, has been

filed for registration with the registrar of

companies;

(ii) the prospectus states on the face of

it that the copy has been so filed;

(iii) the prospectus is dated;

(iv) the prospectus otherwise complies

with the requirements of this section; or

(b) to issue to any person in Great Britain a form

of application for shares in or debentures of

such a company or intended company as

aforesaid unless the form is issued with a

prospectus which complies with the provisions

of this section,; -

Ff 2

Provisions

with respect

to prospectuses of

foreign

companies

inviting

subscriptions for

shares or

offering

shares for

sale.

452

Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Provided that this provision shall not apply if it is

shown that the form of application was issued in connection with a bona fide invitation to a person to enter

into an underwriting' agreement with respect to the

shares or debentures.

(2) Every prospectus to which this section applies

must contain particulars with respect to the following

matters—

u

(a) the objects of the company and the instrument constituting or defining the constitution of the company, the enactments, or provisions having the force of an enactment, by or under which the incorporation of the company was effected, and an address in Great Britain where the said instrument, enactments or provisions, or copies thereof, and if the same are in a foreign language a translation thereof certified in the prescribed manner, can be inspected;

(b) the date on which and the country in which

the company was incorporated, and whether

the company has established a place of business

in Great Britain, and, if so, the address of its

principal office in Great Britain;

(c) the number of founders or management or

deferred shares, if any;

(d) the nature and extent of the interest of the

holders of any founders or management or

deferred shares in the property and profits of the company;

(e) subject to the provisions of this section, all the

matters specified in subsection (1) of section

eighty-one of the principal Act (other than those

specified in paragraph (a) of the said subsection):

Provided that—

(i) where any prospectus to which this

section applies is published as a newspaper

advertisement, it shall be a sufficient compliance with the requirement that the

prospectus must specify the objects of the

company if the advertisement specifies the

primary object with which the company

was formed; and

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

453

(ii) in paragraph (6) of the said subsection (1) a reference to the constitution

of the company shall be substituted for the

reference to the articles.

(3) Subsections (2), (3), (4), (6), (7), (8) and (9) of

section eighty-one of the principal Act shall apply in

relation to a prospectus to which this section applies as

if they were herein re-enacted with the substitution tor

the references therein to the said section eighty-one of

references to subsection (2) of this section, and with the

substitution for the reference in subsection (8) to the

memorandum of a reference to paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Section eighty-four of the principal Act (which

relates to liability for statements in a prospectus)

shall extend to every prospectus to which this section

applies:

(5) Where any document by which any shares in or

debentures of a company incorporated outside Great

Britain are offered for sale to the public would, if the

company concerned had been a company within the

meaning of the principal Act, have been deemed by

virtue of section thirty-two of this Act to be a prospectus

issued by the company, that document shall be deemed

to be, for the purposes of this section, a prospectus

issued by the company.

(6) Any person who is knowingly responsible for

the issue, circulation or distribution of any prospectus

or for the issue of a form of application for shares

or debentures in contravention of the provisions of

subsection (1) of this section shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding five hundred pounds.

(7) An offer of shares or debentures for subscription

or sale to any person whose ordinary business or part of

whose ordinary business it is to buy or sell shares or

debentures, whether as principal or agent, shall not be

deemed an offer to the public for the purposes of this

section.

94. It is hereby declared that a person shall not

be deemed to be within the meaning of any provision in

this Act or in any other enactment amending the

principal Act a person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors of a company are

accustomed to act, by reason only that the directors of

Giving of

professional

advice not

to constitute

a person a

director of

a company.

454

Ch. 45.

Saving aa to

private

prosecutors.

Saving for

privileged

communications.

Process ttf tom-

pel production

of documents

kept by registrar not to i?sue

without leave.

Exemption

of certain

documents

from stamp

duty on

winding-up

of companies.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 59.

3&4 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

Minor

amend.

ments.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

i

the company act on advice given by him in a professional capacity.

95. Nothing in this Act relating to the institution

of criminal proceedings by the Director of Public

Prosecutions shall be taken to preclude any person from

instituting or carrying on any such proceedings.

" 96. Where proceedings are instituted under this Act against any person by the Director of Public Prosecutions, nothing in this Act shall be taken to require

any person who has acted as solicitor for the defendant

to disclose any privileged communication made to him

in that capacity.

97. No process for compelling the production of

any document kept by the registrar of companies shall

issue .from any court except with the leave of that

court, and any such process if issued shall bear thereon

a statement that it is issued with the leave of the

court.

98. Where a company is being wound up by order

of the court or is being wound up voluntarily and the

winding-up is one to which the provisions of section

sixty-seven of this Act apply, section one hundred and

forty-eight of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, and section

one hundred and eighty-nine of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913 (which respectively exempt from stamp

duty certain- documents relating to the estates of bankrupts), shall apply as though the company were a

bankrupt and the winding-up were a bankruptcy or a

sequestration, and as though for the reference in the said

section one hundred and forty-eight of the Bankruptcy

Act, 1914, to fees under that Act there were substituted

a reference to fees Tinder the principal Act.

99. The amendments specified in the second column

of the Second Schedule to this Act, being minor amendments of the principal Act and of enactments amending

that Act, shall be made in the provisions of that Act

and of those enactments specified in the first column of

that Schedule.

Provisions relating to Scotland.

Amendment 100. The following section shall be substituted for

of ss. 135 section one hundred and thirty-five of the principal Act

and 136 of (which relates to jurisdiction to wind up companies in

1928. Companies-Act, 1928.' Ch. 45. 455

Scotland), and section one hundred and thirty-six of the principal

principal Act shall have effect as if the words "the Court Act -

of Session " were substituted for the words "the court

in Scotland " :—

, k (l) The Court of Session shall have jurisdiction to wind up any company registered in

Scotland.

(2) When the Court of Session is in vacation,

the jurisdiction conferred on that court by this

section may, subject to the provisions of this Act, be exercised by the Lord Ordinary on the

Bills. .

(3) Where the amount of the share capital

of a company paid up or credited as paid up does

not exceed ten thousand pounds, the sheriff court

of the sheriffdom in which the registered office of the company is situate shall have concurrent’jurisdiction with the Court of Session to wind up the

company:

Provided—

(i) that it shall be lawful to the Court of

Session, if it shall appear to the court

having regard to the amount of the assets

of the company expedient to do so, to

remit to any sheriff court any petition

presented to the Court of Session for

winding up any such company, or to

require any such petition presented to a

sheriff court to be remitted to the Court of

Session;

(ii) that it shall be lawful to the Court

of Session to require that any such

petition as aforesaid presented to one

sheriff court be remitted to another sheriff

court; and

(iii) that in a winding up in the sheriff

court it shall be lawful for the sheriff court

to submit a stated case for the opinion

of the Court of Session on any question of

law arising in that winding-up.

(4) The Court of Session may from time to

time by Act of Sederunt under section two

hundred and thirty-eight of this Act regulate the

456

CH. 45.

Application

to Scotland

of s. 151 of

principal

Act.

Rules for

winding-up

in Scotland.

Amendment

of a. 208 of

principal

Act.

Companies Act> 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

procedure in proceedings under this Act in that;

court or in the sheriff court, including appeals

from the sheriff court. -

(5) For the purposes of this section, the

expression " registered office" means the place

which has longest been the registered office of the company during the six months immediately

preceding the presentation of the petition for

winding up.

101. —(1) Subsection (2) of section one hundred and

fifty-one of the principal Act (which relates to the powers

of liquidators), in so far as it requires the sanction of the

court to the exercise by the liquidator of a company

which is being wound up in Scotland, of any power

conferred by that subsection shall cease to have effect.

(2) Subsection (3) of the said section shall apply

to the exercise by the liquidator in a winding up by

the court in Scotland of any power conferred by the

said section which the liquidator is enabled by any

provision of this Act to exercise ypsdthout the sanction

of the court.

102. The Court of Session shall have power by Act

of Sederunt to make general rules for carrying into effect

the objects of the principal Act and this Act so far as

relates to the winding-up of companies in Scotland, and

subsection (2) of section two hundred and thirty-seven

of the principal Act shall apply to such general rules in

like manner as it applies to general rules made under

subsection (1) of that section.

103. For section two hundred and eight of the

principal Act (which relates to the ranking of claims in

Scotland), the following section shall be substituted:—

. In the winding up of a company registered in Scotland, the following provisions of the Bankruptcy (Scotland.) Act, 1913, shall so

far as is consistent with this Act apply in like

manner as they apply in the sequestration of

a bankrupt’s estate, with the substitution of

references to winding up for references to sequestration, of references to the court for references

to the sheriff, of references to the liquidator for

references to the trustee, and of references to the

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

457

company for references to the bankrupt, and with

any other necessary modifications:—

(a) The provisions of sections forty-five to

sixty-two regarding voting and ranking

for payment of dividends;

(b) Sections ninety-six and one hundred and

five, which respectively relate to the

reckoning of majorities and to the interruption of prescription.

104. In the application to Scotland of section two

hundred and ten of the principal Act (which relates to

fraudulent preferences), the expression "fraudulent preference" shall include any alienation or preference

which is voidable by statute or at common law on the

ground of insolvency or notour bankruptcy, and the

expression " bankruptcy petition " shall mean petition

for sequestration.

105. Section two hundred and thirteen of the

principal Act shall be amended as follows:—

(a) The words " by or subject to the supervision of

" the court " shall cease to have effect;

(b) The following paragraph shall be substituted for

paragraph (1):

(1) The winding up shall in the case of a

winding up by the court (except where the

order for such winding up was made while

the company was being voluntarily wound

up) as at the date of its commencement, and

in the case of a voluntary winding up (whether

or not an order for winding up by or subject

to the supervision of the court has afterwards been made) as at the date of the

resolution authorising the winding up, be

equivalent to an arrestment in execution and

decree of forthcoming, and to an executed or

completed poinding; and no arrestment or

poinding of the funds or effects of the company executed on or after the sixtieth day

prior to the date of such commencement or

of such resolution, as the case may be, shall

be effectual; and those funds or effeots or

the proceeds of those effects if sold shall be

Application

to Scotland

of s. 210 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of 8. 213 of

principal

Act.

458

Ch. 45/

Application

to Scotland

of s. 215 of

principal

Act.

Application

to Scotland

of s. 224 of

principal

Act.

Committees

of inspection

in winding

up in Scotland.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

t

made forthcoming to the liquidator: Pro- '

vided that any arrester or poinder before

the date of such commencement or of such

resolution as the case may be, who is thus

deprived of the benefit of his diligence shall

have preference out of those funds" or effects

for the expense bona, fide incurred by him in

such diligence.

106. So much of subsection (4) of section two hundred

and fifteen of the principal Act (which empowers the

court -to assess damages against delinquent directors

and others) as excludes in the case of a winding up in

Scotland the provisions of the section as regards promoters and property other than money shall cease to

have effect.

107. Subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section two

hundred and twenty-four of the principal Act (which

relates to information as to pending liquidations in

England) shall apply in the case of a company being

wound up in Scotland in like manner as they apply in

the case of a company being wound up in England.

108. —(1) The provisions of subsections (1) and (2)

of section one hundred and fifty-two of the principal

Act, in so far as they relate to the appointment of a

committee of inspection, shall, with the substitution of the liquidator for the official receiver, apply when a

winding up order has been made by the court in Scotland in like manner as they apply when a winding up

order has been made by the court in England, and the

provisions of sections one hundred and fifty-one, one

hundred and sixty (except subsection (9) thereof), and

two hundred and fourteen of the principal Act, with

regard to committees of inspection, shall apply to a

committee of inspection appointed in pursuance of this

subsection:

Provided that, where the winding-up order has been

made on the ground that the company is unable to pay

its debts, it shall not be necessary for the liquidator to

summon a meeting of the contributories, and any committee of inspection appointed shall consist of creditors

or persons holding general powers of attorney from

creditors.

(2) A committee of inspection appointed in pursuance of this section or of section sixty-seven of this Act

1928.

Ch. 45.

459

Companies Act, 1928.

shall have, in addition to the powers and duties conferred and imposed on it by the principal Act or this Act, such of the powers and duties of commissioners on

a bankrupt estate as may be conferred and imposed on

it by general rules.

109. Subsections (7) and (8) of section, one hundred

and nine of the principal Act as amended by section

forty-eight of this Act shall not apply to Scotland, and

in lieu thereof the following provision shall have

effect:—

If from any report made in pursuance of

subsection (6) of the said section it appears to the

Board of Trade that any person has been guilty

of an offence in relation to the company for which

he is criminally liable, the Board of Trade shall

.refer the matter to the Lord Advocate.

110. — (1) Sections sixty-eight, sixty-nine and

seventy of this Act shall not apply in the case of

a company being wound up in Scotland.

(2) A person guilty of a misdemeanour under subsection (2) of section seventy-three of this Act shall be

liable on conviction on indictment to penal servitude for

a period not exceeding seven years, or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six

months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds,

or to both such imprisonment and fine.

(3) In its application to Scotland section seventy-seven

of this Act shall have effect as if references to the

Lord Advocate were substituted for references to the

Director of Public Prosecutions and as If the provisions

relating to direction to the liquidator to take proceedings or empowering the liquidator to take proceedings

were omitted therefrom.

(4) Subsections (2) and (3) of section eighty-four of this Act shall not apply to Scotland, and subsection (1)

of the said section shall apply with the substitution for

the words "he was adjudged bankrupt " of the words

" sequestration of his estates was awarded.! ’

(5) Subsection (8) of section ninety-two of this Act

shall not apply to Scotland.

(6) In the application to Scotland of subsection

(9) of section one hundred and nine of the principal Act

as amended by section forty-eight of this Act, and in

Application

to Scotland

of s. 109 of

principal

Act.

Application

to Scotland

of certain

provisions.

460

Ch, 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

section ninety-six of this Act, references to a prosecution or to proceedings instituted by the Director of

Public Prosecutions shall be construed as references to a

prosecution or proceedings by or on behalf of the Lord

Advocate.

Attendance 111. In the winding up by the court of a company

of director registered in' Scotland, the court shall have power to

at meeting^ re(piire the attendance of any director or other officer of

of creditors. company at any meeting of creditors or of contributories or of a committee of inspection for the purpose

of giving information as to the trade, dealings, affairs or

property of the company.

Unclaimed 112. When a company registered in Scotland has

dividends, been wound up, and is about to be dissolved, the

&c. to be liquidator shall lodge in a joint stock bank of issue in

ban^ m Scotland (not being a bank in or of which the liquidator

is acting partner, manager, agent or cashier) in the

name of the Accountant of Court the whole unclaimed

dividends and unapplied or undistributable balances,

and the deposit receipts therefor shall be transmitted to

the Accountant of Court; and the'/ provisions of section

one hundred and fifty-three of the Bankruptcy (Scotland)

Act, 1913, so far as consistent with this Act, shall with

any necessary modifications, apply to sums lodged in

bank in pursuance of this section in like manner as they

apply to sums deposited in pursuance of that enactment.

Power of

court to

etay proceedings

against

company.

113. If the court, on the application of the liquidator

in the voluntary winding up of a company registered in

Scotland, so directs, no action or proceeding shall be

proceeded with or commenced against the company

except by leave of the court, and subject to such terms

as the court may impose.

c°sta of 114. Where any petition or application for leave to

proceed with an action or proceeding against a company

proceed which is being wound up in Scotland is unopposed and

pany b 0 i«' is granted by the court, the costs of such petition or

wound up. application shall, unless the court otherwise directs, be

added to the amount of the claim of the petitioner or

applicant against the company.

Amendment 115. Subsection (6) of section two hundred and

of subs. (6) forty-three of the principal Act (which provides for the

of 8. 243 of issue, on payment of certain fees, of certified copies of or

Actwrth extracts from documents kept by the registrar) shall

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

461

have effect as if the words "or in Scotland for each

sheet of two hundred words " were omitted therefrom,

and in the application to Scotland of the said subsection, a folio shall be deemed to consist of seventy-two

words.

Repeal, Short Title, &o.

116. The Companies (Foreign Interests) Act, 1917,

shall cease to have effect.

117. Subsection (1) of section one of this Act

shall apply to Northern Ireland with the substitution

of " one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State "

for the " Board of Trade, " and the omission of the

words "or ‘Municipal, ’" and the words "or with any

municipality or other local authority, " but except as

aforesaid this Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

118. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Companies

Act, 1928, and shall be construed as one with the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1917, and those Acts and this Act

may be cited together as the Companies Acts, 1908 to

1928.

(2) In this Act the expression "the principal Act "

means the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, and

references in this Act to the principal Act or to any

provision of that Act shall be construed as references to

that Act or that provision as amended by any subsequent

enactment, including this Act.

(3) The enactments set out in the Third Schedule

to this Act are repealed to the extent specified in the

third column of that Schedule.

(4) Section ninety-two of this Act shall come into

operation on the passing of this Act and the other provisions of this Act shall come into operation on the

appointed day, and the appointed day shall be such day

as His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, and

different days may be appointed for different purposes

and for different provisions of this Act:

Provided that the appointed day for the purposes of the repeal of any particular enactment shall not be

earlier than the day fixed as the appointed day for the

coming into operation of the corresponding provisions of this Act.

respect to

fees payable

in Scotland.

Repeal of

7 & 8 Geo. 6.

c. 18.

Application

to North era

Ireland.

Short title,

construction, repeal

and commencement.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 69.

462

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Section 36.

Part I.

Form of Statement in lieu of Prospectus to be filed by a

Company which does not issue a Prospectus or

which does not go to Allotment on a

Prospectus issued.

The Companies Acts, 1908 to 1928.

Statement in lieu of Prospectus

filed by

[Insert the name of the company.']

Pursuant to section 36 of the Companies Act, 1928.

Presented for filing by

The nominal share capital of the

Company.

Divided into.

Shares of £ each.

Amount (if any) of above capital

which consists of redeemable preference shares.

The date on or before which these

shares are, or are liable, to be

redeemed.

Names, descriptions and addresses

of directors or proposed directors.

If the share capital of the Company

is divided into different classes

of shares, the right of voting at

meetings of the Company conferred by, and the rights in

respect of capital and dividends

attached to, the several classes

of shares respectively.

Number and amount of shares and

debentures agreed to be issued as

fully or partly paid up otherwise

than in cash.

The consideration for the intended

issue of those shares and debentures.

5* I) »

Shares of £ each.

1. shares of £ fully

paid.

2. shares upon which

£ per share

credited as paid.

3. debenture

£. .

4. Consideration.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

463

Ch. 45.

Names and addresses of vendors

of property purchased or acquired,

or proposed to be purchased or

acquired by the Company.

Amount (in cash, shares, or debentures) payable to each separate

vendor..

, Amount (if any) paid or payable

(in cash or shares or debentures)

for any such property, specifying

amount (if any) paid or payable

for goodwill.

Amount (if any) paid or payable as

commission for subscribing or

agreeing to subscribe or procuring

or agreeing to procure subscriptions for any shares or debentures

in the Company; or

Rate of the commission

Estimated amount of preliminary

expenses.

Amount paid or intended to be

paid to any promoter.

Consideration for the payment

Dates of, and parties to, every

material contract (other than

contracts entered into in the

ordinary course of the business

intended to be carried on by the

Company or entered into more

than two years before the filing

of this statement).

Time and place at which the contracts or copies thereof may be

inspected.

Names and addresses of the auditors

of the Company (if any).

Full particulars of the nature and

extent of the interest of every

director in the promotion of or

in the property proposed to be

acquired by the Company, or,

Total purchase price £

Cash - - £. r -

Shares - £

Debentures- £

Goodwill - £

Amount paid.

, payable.

Rate per cent.

£ .

Name of promoter.

Amount £

Consideration :—

1st Sch.

—conf.

464

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

1st Soh.

— cont.

where the interest of such a

director consists in being a partner

in a firm, the nature and extent

of the interest of the firm, with a

statement of all sums paid or

agreed to be paid to him or to

the firm in cash or shares, or

otherwise, by any person either

to induce him to become, or to

qualify him as, a director, or

otherwise for services rendered

by him or by the firm in connection with the promotion or

formation of the Company.

If it is proposed to acquire any

business, the amount, as certified

by the persons by whom the

accounts of the business have

been audited, of the net profits

of the business in respect, of each

of the three financial years immediately preceding the date of this statement provided that in

the case of a 'business which has

been carried on for less than three 11

years and the accounts of which

have only been made up in respect

of two years or one year the

above requirement shall have

effect as if references to two

years or one year, as the case

may be, were substituted for

references to three years, and in

any such case the statement shall

say how long the business to be

acquired has been carried on.

(Signatures of the persons above-named

as directors or proposed directors,

or of their agents authorised in *"

writing.)

Date . -

Note. —In this Schedule the expression "vendor "*includes

a vendor as defined by section 81 (2) and (3) of the Companies

(Consolidation) Act, 1908, and the expression "financial year"

has the same meaning as in section 33 of the Companies Act,

1928,

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

465

Part II.

Form of Statement in lieu of Prospectus to be filed by a

Private Company on hemming a Public Company.

The Companies Acts, 1908 to 1928.

Statement in lieu of Prospectus

filed by

[Insert the name of the Company .]

Pursuant to section 55 of the Companies Act, 1928.

Presented for filing by

The nominal share capital of the

Company.

Divided into -

Amount (if anjr) of above capital

which consists of redeemable

preference shares.

The date on or before

which these shares are, or are

liable, to be redeemed.

Names, descriptions and addresses

of directors or proposed directors.

Amount of shares issued

Amount of commissions paid in connection therewith.

Amount of discount, if any, allowed

on the issue of any shares, or so

much thereof as has not been

written off at the date of the

statement

Unless more than one year has

elapsed since the date on which

the Company was entitled to

commence business :—

Amount of preliminary expenses.

Amount paid to any promoter-

Consideration for the payment -

Gg

Shares of £ each.

» 99 99

99 99 > »

Shares of £ each.

Shares

Name of promoter.

Amount £

Consideration.

1st Soh.

—cont.

Section 55.

466

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

1st Soh.

— cant.

If the share capital of the Company

is divided into different classes

of shares, the right of ■voting at

meetings of the Company conferred .by, and the rights in

respect of capital and dividends

attached' to, the several classes

of shares respectively.

Number and amount of shares and

debentures issued within the two

years preceding the date of this

statement as fully or partly paid

up otherwise than for cash or

agreed to be so issued at the date

of this statement.

Consideration for the issue of those

shares or debentures.

Names and addresses of Vendors of

Property (1) purchased or acquired by the Company within

the two years preceding the date

of this statement or (2) agreed or

proposed to be purchased or acquired by the Company.

Amount (in cash, shares or debentures) paid or payable to each

separate vendor.

Amount paid or payable in cash,

shares or debentures for any such

property, specifying the amount

paid or payable for goodwill.

1. Shares of £ fully

paid.

2. Shares upon which

£ per share

credited as paid.

tf

3. Debenture £

4. Consideration.

Total purchase price £

Cash - - £ -

Shares - £

Debentures - £

Goodwill - £

Dates of, and parties to, every material contract (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary

course of business or entered into

more than two years before the

filing of this statement).

Time and place at which the contracts or copies thereof may be

inspected.

Names and addresses of the auditors

of the Company.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

467

Full particulars of the nature and

extent of the interest of every

director in any property purchased or acquired by the Company within the two years

preceding the date of this statement or proposed to be purchased

■ or acquired by the Company or,

where the interest of such a

director consists in being a partner

in a firm, the nature and extent of the interest of the firm, with a

statement of all sums paid or

agreed to be paid to him or to the

firm in cash or shares, or otherwise, by any person either to

induce him to become, or to

qualify him as, a director, or

otherwise for services rendered or

to be Tendered to the Company

by him or by the firm.

Rates of the dividends (if any) paid

by the Company in respect of each

class of shares in the Company in

each of the three financial years

immediately preceding the date of this statement or since the incorporation of the Company whichever period is the shorter.

Particulars of the cases in which no

dividends have been paid in

respect of any class of shares in

any of those years.

If any of the unissued shares or

debentures are to be applied in

the purchase of any business the

amount, as certified by the persons

by whom the accounts of the

business have been audited, of the net profits of the business in

respect of each of the three

financial years immediately preceding the date of this statement,

provided that in the case of a

business which has been carried

on for less than three years and

Hh

1st Sch.

— cont.

468

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 99.

the accounts of which have only

been made up in respect of two

years or one year the above

requirement shall have eSect as

if references to two years or one

year, as the case may be, were

substituted for references to three

years, and in any such case the

statement shall say how long the

business to be acquired has been

carried on.

(Signatures of the persons above-named

as directors or proposed directors,

or of their agents authorised in

writing.)

Date

Note. —In this Form the expression "vendor " includes a

vendor as defined by section 81 (2) and (3) of the Companies

(Consolidation) Act, 1908, and the expression "financial year "

has the same meaning as in section 33 of the Companies Act,

1928.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments.

Section of Act. Amendment.

Section 10 - - In subsection (3) the words "or a company

" limited by guarantee " shall be omitted.

Section 20 - - In subsection (3) the words "and directors

" and managers " shall be omitted.

Section 25 - - In subsection (2) for the words "and manager " there shall be substituted the words

" manager, secretary or other officer."

1928.

Companies Act; 1928.

Ch 45.

469

Section of Act.

Amendment.

Section 32 -

Section 46 -

Section 47. -

Section 62 -

Section 64 -

Section 61 -

Section 63 —

- The following shall be substituted for subsection (2):—

" (2) Where an application is

made under this section, the court

may either refuse the application

or may order rectification of the

register, on payment by the company

of any damages sustained by 1’any

party aggrieved."

- In subsection (1) after the words "by shares "

there shall be inserted the words "or a

" company limited by guarantee and

" having a share capital."

- The words and confirmed " shall be

omitted.

- In subsection (2) for the words "and

" manager " there shall be substituted the

words " manager, secretary or other

" officer."

- The following section shall be substituted:—

" If any director, manager,

secretary or other officer of the

company—

(a) wilfully, conceals the

name of any creditor entitled to

object to the reduction; or

(b) wilfully misrepresents the

nature or amount of the debt or

claim of any creditor; or

(c) aids, abets or is privy to

any such concealment or misrepresentation as aforesaid,

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour."

- In subsection (2) the word "passing " shall

be substituted for the word "confirma-

" tion" in both places where that word

occurs.

In subsection (3) for the words "or

" manager " there shall be substituted

the words "manager, secretary or other

‘‘ officer."

- The word limited " shall be omitted where-

ever that word occurs in the section, in subsection (2) for the words "and manager "

there shall be substituted the words

" manager, secretary or other officer, " and

Hh 2

2sd Sch.

— cont.

470

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch. Section of Act. Amendment.

— cont. -

Section 63— cont. at the end of subsection (3) there shall be

inserted the following new paragraph:—

" If any company makes default

in complying with the requirements

of paragraph (b)or paragraph (c) of

subsection (1) of this section, the

company shall be liable to a tine not

exceeding fifty pounds."

Section 64 - - In subsection (1) for the words "manager,

" secretary and other officer " there shall

be substituted the words "or manager."

Section 66 - - In subsection (3) (c) the words "on account

" of its capital whether from shares or

" debentures, " shall be omitted.

Section 83 - - At the end there shall be added the following

words:—

" In this section the expression

‘company’ means a company limited

by shares or a company limited by

guarantee and having a share capital,

but does not include a private company." "i

Section 84 - - Subsection (2) shall cease to have effect.

Section 86 - - In subsection (1) after the words "not later"

■ there shall be inserted the words "or, in

" any case where the company is not

" required to hold a statutory meeting,

" or where the allotment is made after

" the holding of the statutory meeting,

" within one month after the date of the

" allotment, and not later."

Section 87 - In subsection (1) for the words "A company

shall not " there shall be substituted the

words " A company having a share capital

shall not " and paragraph (d) shall be

omitted.

Section 88 - - In subsection (1) after the words "limited

by shares" there shall be inserted the

words " or a company limited by

" guarantee and having a share capital."

Section 90 - - At the end of the section there shall be

inserted the following new subsection:—

" (2) If a company makes default

in complying with the requirements

of this section, the company and every

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

471

' Section of Act.

Section 90— cord.

Section 91 -

Section 96 -

Section 100 -

Section 101 •

Amendment,

director, manager, secretary or other

officer of the company who knowingly

and wilfully authorises or permits the

default shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding five pounds for every day

during which the default continues." '

\t w

In proviso (6) the word "other" shall be

substituted for the word "lower, " and

at the end of the section there shall be

inserted the following subsection:—

" (2) If default is made in

complying with the requirements

of proviso (7) to subsection (1) of this section the company and every

director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company who

knowingly and wilfully authorises

or permits the default shall be

liable to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds."

For the words "a judge of the High Court "

there shall be substituted the words "the

court ", after the words "such mortgage

" or charge " there shall be inserted

the words "or in a memorandum, of

" satisfaction, " and for the words "the

judge" there shall be substituted the

words " the court."

In subsection (1) after the word "keep "

there shall be inserted the words "at the

" registered office of the company, " and

after the words "the company " there

shall be inserted the words "and all floating

" charges on the undertaking or any pro-

" perty of the company."

In subsection (1), for the words "at all

reasonable times, " there shall be substituted the words "during business hours

" (subject to such reasonable restrictions

" as the company in general meeting may

" impose, so that not less than two hours

" in each day be allowed for inspection)."

In subsection (2) for the words "any judge

" of the High Court sitting in chambers or

" the judge of the court exercising the

2nd Sch.

.— cont.

472 Ch. 45. Companies Act, 1928. IS & 19 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch. Section of Act. Amendment.

. — cont. ... —— —

Section 101— cont. " stannaries jurisdiction in the case of

" companies subject to that jurisdiction"

there shall be substituted the words "the

" court."

Section 107 - - In subsection (1) the word "forthwith" shall

be omitted.

Section 142 - - After the words "When a winding-up order

" has been made " there shall be inserted

the words "or a provisional liquidator has

" been appointed."

Section 143 - After the words "by the company " there

shall be inserted the words "or otherwise

" as may be prescribed."

Section 150 - - In subsection (1) for the words "in a winding-

" up by the court the. liquidator " there

shall be substituted the words "where a

" winding-up order has been made or

" where a provisional liquidator has been

" appointed, the liquidator or the pro-

" visional liquidator, as the case may be."

Section 151 - - In subsection (1) paragraph (c) shall be

omitted, and for paragraph (d) there shall

be substituted the following paragraph:

" (d) to appoint a solicitor or law

agent to assist him in the performance of his duties."

In subsection (2) after paragraph (/) there

shall be inserted the following paragraph:

" (ff) to appoint an agent to

do any business which the liquidator

is unable to do himself."

Section 163 - - At the end of subsection (1) there shall be

added the following proviso:—

" Provided that, -where it appears to

the court that it will not be necessary

to make calls on or adjust the rights

of contributories, the court may dispense with the settlement of a listjfof

contributories."

Section 172 - - In subsection (2) after the word "shall"

where it first occurs there shall be inserted

the words "within fourteen days from the

" date thereof."

1928.

.Section of Act.

Section 174 -

Section 186 -

Section 194 -

Section 197 -

Section 199 -

Section 209 -

Companies Act, 1928. Ch. 45. 473

Amendment.

In subsection (1) for the words "after it has

" made a winding-up order" there shall

be substituted the words "at any time

" after the appointment of a provisional

* liquidator or the making of a winding-

" up order."

I

In paragraph (viii) the words "Qn the

" application of a contributory " shall be

omitted.

After subsection (2) the following paragraph

shall be inserted :—

" If any provision of this subsection

is not complied with, the liquidator

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

ten pounds."

For the words from " if " to " a con-

" tributory " (both inclusive), there shall

be substituted the words "but in the case

" of an application by a contributory,

* the court shall be satisfied."

The words " by special or extraordinary

" resolution " shall be omitted.

The following paragraph shall be substituted

for paragraph (d) of subsection (1):—

(d) unless the company is being wound

up voluntarily merely for the purposes

of reconstruction or of amalgamation

with another company, or has entered

into such a contract with insurers as is

mentioned in section seven of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, all

amounts due in respect of any compensation or liability for compensation

under the said Act accrued before the

said date.

Where any such compensation is a

weekly payment, the amount due in

respect thereof shall, for the purposes

of this paragraph, be taken to be the

amount of the lump sum for which the

weekly payment could, if redeemable,

be redeemed if the employer made an

application for that purpose under the

said Act.

2nd Sch.

— "COTlt *

474

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch. Section of Act. Amendment.

— coni, _ _

Section 209— cont. After subsection (1), the following new subsection shall be inserted :—

" (1a) Where any payment on account of wages or salary has been made

to any clerk, servant, workman or

labourer in the employment of a company out of money advanced by some

person for that purpose, that person

shall in a winding up have a right of

priority in respect of the money so

advanced and paid up to the amount

by which the sum in respect of which

that clerk, servant, workman or

labourer would have been entitled to

priority in the winding-up has been

diminished by reason of the payment

having been made."

Section 210 - - In subsection (2) for the words from " presentation " to " voluntary " (both inclusive) there shall be substituted the words

" commencement of the "; and for the

words " the act- of bankruptcy " there

shall be substituted the words "the pre-

" sentation of the bankruptcy petition."

Section 211 - - The following subsection- shall be added at

the end:—

" (2) The provisions of this section

shall so far as relates to any estate

or effects of the company situate in

England, apply in the case of a company registered in Scotland as it applies

in the case of a company registered in

England."

Section 213 - - The following subsection shall be added at

the end:—

" (2) The provisions of this section

shall, so far as relates to any estate

or effects of the company situate in

Scotland, apply in the case of a company registered in England as it applies

in the case of a company registered in

Scotland."

Section 222 - - The following subsection shall be added at

the end :—

" (3) The power of making general

rules under this Act shall include a

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

475

Section of Act.

Section 222— cont.

Section 223 -

Section 225 -

Section 240 -

Amendment.

power to make rules for enabling the

Board of Trade to prevent, for such

period (not exceeding five years from

the winding up) as the Board t hink

proper, the destruction of the books and

papers of a company which has been

wound up, and for enabling any creditor

or contributory of the company to

make representations to the Board, arid

to appeal to the court from any direction which may be given by the Board

in the matter.

" If any person acts in contravention

of any rules made under this section

or of any direction of the Board thereunder, he shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds." *

In subsection (2) after the words "making

" of the order" there shall be inserted

the words "or such further time as the

" court may allow."

After the words "High Court " where those

words first occur there shall be inserted

the words "or of a county court ", and

after the words "Court, of Session " where

those words first occur there shall be

inserted the words "or of a sheriff

" court."

In paragraph (3) for the words from

" winding up and " to " be paid by the

" liquidator " there shall be substituted

the words "all such amounts due in

" respect of any compensation or liability

" for compensation under the Workmen’s

" Compensation Act, 1925, payable to a

" miner or the dependants of a miner as

" are given priority by this Act shall."

The following paragraph shall be added at

the end:—

" (4) The provision giving a right

of priority to a person who has advanced

money for the making of payments on

account of wages and salaries shall have

effect subject to the modifications contained in this section."

2nd Sch.

— cont.

476

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Section of Act.

Section 242 - - In subsection (1) for the word "shall " there

shall be substituted the word "may."

In subsection (3) for the words "from the

" company to the effect that it" there

shall be substituted the words "to the

" effect that the company "

In subsection (4) for all the words after

" six consecutive months " there shall be

substituted the words "the registrar

" shall publish in the Gazette and send

" to the company or the liquidator, if

" any, a like notice as is provided in

" last preceding subsection."

At the end of subsection (6) there shall be

inserted the words "and that nothing in

" this subsection shall affect the power of

" the court to wind up a company the

" name of which has been struck off the

" register."

In subsection (6) for the words "on 'the

" application of the company or member

" or creditor " there shall be substituted

the words "on an application made by

" the company or member or creditor

" before the expiration of twenty years

" from the publication in the Gazette

" of the notice aforesaid, " and for the

word "thereupon" there shall be substituted the words "upon an office copy of

" the order being filed with the registrar."

In subsection (7) for the words "letter or

" notice under this section" there shall

be substituted the words "notice to be

" sent under this section to a liquidator

" may be addressed to the liquidator at

" his last known place of business, and

" a letter or notice to be sent under this

" section to a company."

Section 267 - - After the word "members " there shall

be inserted the words "and any foreign

" partnership, association or company

" irrespective of the number of its

" members."

1928.

Companies Act, 1928,

Ch. 45,

477

Section of Act. Amendment. 2nd Sch.

- .- — cont.

Section 282 - - After the word "Limited " there shall be

inserted the words "or any contraction or

" imitation of that word."

Section 285 - - At the end of the definition of debenture

there shall be added the words "bonds

" and any other securities of a company

" whether constituting a charge on the

" assets of the company or not."

First Schedule - In Parts I. and II. of Table B, before the

words " other than the memorandum or

" the abstract required to be filed with

" the registrar by a receiver or manager

" or the statement required to be sent to

" the registrar by the liquidator in a

" winding up in England " there shall be

inserted the words "or required, to be

" sent or forwarded to the registrar."

In Part II. of Table B, for the first three

paragraphs there shall be substituted the

following paragraphs:—

£ 8. d.

" For registration of a company whose number of

members as stated in the

articles does not exceed

25 - - 200

"For registration of a company whose number of

members as stated in the

articles exceeds 25, but

does not exceed 100, the

above fee of 21. with an

additional 1Z. for every

additional 25 members

or less after the first 25.

"For registration of a company whose number of

members as stated in the

articles exceeds 100 but

is not stated to be unlimited, a fee of 51. with

an additional 5s. for

every additional 50 members or less after the first

100 .

478

Ch. 45.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Amendment.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Section 118.

Section of Act.

Fifth Schedule - After the word "auditors" there shall be

inserted the following words :—

" Specific requirements as to

particulars of prospectus s. 81 "

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Session and Short Title of

Chapter. Act.

Extent of Repeal.

58 & 59 Vict,

c. 10.

The Finance Act,

1895.

Section sixteen.

8 Edw.

c. 69.

7.

The Companies

(Consolidation)

Act, 1908.

In subsection (3) of section ten, the

words "or a company limited by

" guarantee."

In subsection (3) of section twenty,

the words "and directors and

" managers."

Section forty.

Subsection (3) of section forty-one.

In subsection (1) of section forty-

four the words "or in the case of

" a special resolution the con-

" firmation."

Section forty-five.

Section fifty-six.

In section sixty-three, the word

" limited " wherever it occurs.

In subsection (3) of section sixty-

nine the words "or confirmed."

In subsection (4) of section seventy,

the words "printing or" and the

words " or extraordinary."

In paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of

section eighty-one, the words "the

" minimum subscription on which

" the directors may proceed to

" allotment, and."

Section eighty-two.

Subsection (2) of section eighty-four.

Subseotion (7) of section eighty-five.

In subsection (1) of section eighty-

seven, the words from " and (d) "

to the end of the subsection.

1928.

Companies Act, 1928.

Ch. 45.

479

Session and

Chapter.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 69— cont.

Short Title of

Act.

Extent of Repeal.

The Companies

, (Consolidation)

Act, 1908— cont.

In subsections (1) and (2) of section

eighty-nine, the words, " whether

" absolutely or."

In subsection (5) of section one

hundred and four the words from

" or (b) any " to the end of the

section.

In subsection (1) of section one

hundred and seven, the word

" forthwith."

Subsection (7) of section one hundred

and nine.

Section one hundred and fourteen.

Section one hundred and nineteen.

Subsection (2) of section one hundred

and twenty-one. c

Subsections (1) (2) (3) (4) and (8) of

section one hundred and thirty-one.

Paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of

section one hundred and fifty-one.

In subsection (9) of section one

hundred and seventy-five, the words

" as to the conduct of the exami-

" nation, but not as to costs."

In paragraph (viii) of section one

hundred and eighty-six, the words

" on the application of a contribu-

" tory "

Section one hundred and eighty-

eight.

Section one hundred and ninety.

In subsection (3) of section one

hundred and ninety-two the words

" at either of the meetings held for

" passing andconfirming the same."

Section one hundred and ninety-

eight.

In section one hundred and ninety -

nine, the words "by special or

" extraordinary resolution."

In section two hundred and thirteen

the words "by or subject to the

" supervision of the court."

In section two hundred and fifteen

the words "in Scotland or."

Section two hundred and seventeen.

Subsection (3) of section two hundred

and seventy-four.

I Schedule two.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

480

Ch. 45, 46.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Powers of

registration

authorities

to institute

proceedings,

&o.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 50.

Power to

refuse,

cancel or

suspend the

registration

of a person

convicted

of offence

involving

dishonesty.

Companies Act, 1928. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

Short Title of

Act. t

Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

The Companies

The whole Act.

c. 18.

(Foreign Interests)

Act, 1917.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

The Companies

Section one, subsection (1) of section two, and in section three the

c. 28.

(Particulars as

to Directors)

Act, 1917.

words " seventy-five."

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to amend the Theatrical Employers

Registration Act, 1925.

[3rd August 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice add consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. It shall be lawful for the registration authority

under the Theatrical Employers Registration Act, 1925,

to institute and prosecute any proceedings for any

offence under that Act, to apply for orders under

section seven of that Act, and to oppose applications

made under section nine of that Act.

2.—(1) Where an applicant for registration under

the Theatrical Employers Registration Act, 1925, or a

person registered thereunder, is a person who has been

convicted of an offence involving dishonesty (not being

an offence under the said Act), and has been sentenced

therefor to penal servitude or to imprisonment without

the option of a fine, the registration authority, if they

consider the offence one which makes it undesirable that

a person convicted thereof should be registered under

the said Act, may refuse the application or, as the case

may be, cancel or suspend the registration of that

person:

1928. Theatrical Employers Ch. 46. 481

Registration (. Amendment) Act, 1928.

Provided that a person whose application is so

refused, or whose registration is so cancelled or suspended, may, within one month after the refusal,

cancellation or suspension, appeal to a court of summary

jurisdiction, and the court may dismiss the appeal or

make such order in the matter as the court may think

just.

(2) Where the registration of a person has been

cancelled or suspended under this section, the cancellation or suspension shall not take effect until the time

allowed for appealing has expired, and in the event of

an appeal being lodged, until the appeal has been disposed

of or abandoned.

3. Section one of this Act shall in its application Special proto Scotland have effect as if the reference to the vision for

institution and prosecution of proceedings for an offence Scotland,

were omitted therefrom.

4. This Act may be cited as the Theatrical Short title

Employers Registration (Amendment) Act, 1928, and and con -

shall be construed as one with the Theatrical Employers 8truction -

Registration Act, 1925, and that Act and this Act may

be cited together as the Theatrical Employers Registration Acts, 1925 and 1928.

TABLE II

A TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE MEASURES PASSED BY

THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

SESSION.

[18 & 19 GEORGE 5.]

18 & 19 GEORGE 6.

Royal Assent, 2nd July, 1928.

No. 1. A Measure to amend the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

Act, 1840. (Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Provision for

Unbeneficed Clergy).)

Royal Assent, 3rd August, 1928.

No. 2. A Measure to regulate the administration of the trusts

affecting tithe rent-charge and other rent-charges, rents

and payments in lieu of tithe vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty

in trust for incumbents of benefices, and for purposes

connected therewith. (Tithe (Administration of Trusts).)

No. 3. A Measure to amend the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926.

(Clergy Pensions (Amendment).)

MEASURES

PASSED BY THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OP THE

CHURCH OP ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

SESSION.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To amend the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1840.

[2nd July 1928.]

1.—(1) The purposes to which the revenues carried Grants to

to the Common Fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners unbeneficed

pursuant to section sixty-seven of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners Act, 1840, and the properties and invest- 3 vict 8

ments from which such revenues arise may be applied c . 113 .

shall include the making of further provision either by

way of additional stipend or otherwise in accordance

with any scheme or regulations from time to time made

by the said Commissioners for any clerk in Holy Orders

who—

(i) is unbeneficed;

(ii) has attained the prescribed age;

(iii) holds a curacy or performs ecclesiastical duty

as assistant to the incumbent of a benefice in

some part of the Province of Canterbury or

the Province of York other than the Channel

Islands or the Isle of Man;

(iv) is qualified by service of. such character and

duration as may be prescribed; and

iv No. 1, 2. Ecclesiastical Commissioners 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy) Measure, 1928.

(v) is approved by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

as a recipient of such further provision upon

the recommendation of the bishop of the

diocese in which he holds a curacy or performs

ecclesiastical duty, and also by such diocesan

body or authority (if any) as maybe prescribed.

0 (2) The making of further provision for any unbeneficed clerk under this Measure shall be in the discretion

of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, who shall, in the

exercise of such discretion, have regard to the personal

needs and services of the clerk.

(3) In this Measure the expression "prescribed"

means prescribed by schemes or regulations made hereunder by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

ff

[Short title.] 2. This Measure may be cited as the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners (Provision for Unbeneficed Clergy)

Measure, 1928.

No. 2. '

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To regulate the administration of the trusts

affecting tithe rent-charge and other rent-

chargeS, rents and payments in lieu of tithe

vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty in trust for

incumbents of benefices, and for purposes

connected therewith.

[3rd August 1928.]

Measure to

affect

certain

beneficial

interests in

tithe rent-

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Measure,

this Measure shall apply to the beneficial interests of

incumbents of benefices and other persons for the time

being entitled to receive the emoluments of benefices

in-r-

charge, &c. ' 1 (i) tithe rent-charge vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty

15 & Q _ under section three of the Tithe Act, 1925, and

Geo. 5. c. o7.

(ii) rent-charges, rents, tithes and other payments

• - L '; vested in Quben Anne’s. Bounty under section

fourteen of the Tithe 'Act ', 1925’; ■- '

1928.

Tithe (Administration

of Trusts) Measure, 1928.

No. 2.

and the incumbents and other persons entitled to such

beneficial interests are in this Measure referred to

collectively as the beneficiaries.

(2) Subject to the express provisions of this Measure

as to the mode of enjoyment of the beneficial interests to

which this Measure applies, nothing contained in this

Measure shall affect the nature, amount or duration

thereof or the common law or any enactment relating

either to tithe rent-charge or to the rent-charges, rents,

tithes and other payments to which section fourteen of the Tithe Act, 1925, applies.

(3) This Measure shall not apply to the beneficial

interest in any tithe rent-charge, rent-charge, rent, tithe

or other payment which for the time being is not collected

through a committee for a collection area constituted

under section ten of the Tithe Act, 1925.

2. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Measure,

Queen Anne’s Bounty shall, after this Measure has come

into operation, make in respect and on account of the

beneficial interests in tithe rent-charge to which this

Measure applies quarterly payments to the beneficiaries

respectively interested in the same.

(2) Such quarterly payments shall be made on the

first days of January, April, July and October in each

year, but so that the first payment shall be made on

either the first day of April or the first day of October,

whichever shall first occur after the appointed day.

(3) The quarterly payments made on the first days of April and July in any year shall be in respect of the tithe rent-charge payable on the first day of April in that year, and the quarterly payment made on the first day of October in any year shall, together with the quarterly payment made on the following first day of January, be in respect of the tithe rent-charge payable on such first day of October.

3. —(1) Subject to any necessary apportionment,

the amount of any quarterly payment to a beneficiary in

respect of his beneficial interest in tithe rent-charge shall

be one-half of such a sum as is estimated by Queen

Anne’s Bounty to be equal to such portion of the half-

year’s tithe rent-charge in respect of which the payment

is made as will be available for actual payment to the

beneficiary.

Quarterly

payments to

be made on

account of

beneficial

interests in

tithe rent-

charge.

Mode of

ascertaining

amounts of

quarterly

payments.

vi No. 2. Tithe (Administration 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

of Trusts) Measure, 1928.

(2) Provided that—

(i) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall have power to

deduct from any tithe rent-charge any

principal money and interest due*to Queen

Anne’s Bounty under any mortgage or charge

made under the Acts specified in the Schedule

to this Measure or any of them and affecting

such tithe rent-charge;

(ii) deductions, which under the Ecclesiastical

Dilapidations Measure, 1923, the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926, and any amendment

thereof respectively, or under any other

Measure, are required or authorised to be

made from monies payable by Queen Ann e’s

Bounty may be made, in any case where such

monies are payable to a beneficiary, either

from tithe rent-charge or from other monies

payable by Queen Anne’s Bounty to such

beneficiary, as Queen Anne’s Bounty may

determine; and

(in) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall have power for the

purpose of any estimate made by Queen

Anne’s Bounty under this section to treat

any deduction required or authorised to

be made from tithe rent-charge as wholly

or partially postponed or anticipated, and

so that—

(a) where any deduction is postponed, it

, shall, to the extent to which it is postponed,

instead of being made from the half-years

tithe rent-charge from which it would have

been made if it had not been postponed, be

made (subject to the provisions of this

Measure) from such subsequent instalments

of the tithe rent-charge attached to the

benefice concerned as Queen Anne’s Bounty

may determine;

(b) where any deduction is anticipated, it

shall not be anticipated to any greater

extent than will effect the deduction from

any half-year’s tithe rent-charge of so much

of any sum admitting of deduction' as

accrued during a period terminating not

1928. Tithe (Administration No. 2. vii

of Trusts) Measure, 1928.

later than the period during which such

half-year’s tithe rent-charge accrued; and

(c) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall, as between Queen Anne’s Bounty and the beneficiary concerned, but not otherwise, have

power to determine during what period any

sum which admits of deduction by anticipation under this subsection is to be

deemed to have accrued in any case where

this is not already provided for by the

existing law.

4. Queen Anne’s Bounty shall apply the system of Quarterly

quarterly payments in respect and on account of the payments on

beneficial interests in tithe rent-charge established by account of this Measure to the beneficial interests to which this £ e nefieia!

Measure applies in the rent-charges, rents, tithes and interests,

other payments vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty under

section fourteen of the Tithe Act, 1925, with such variations as the dates of payment and special character of

any such rent-charge, rent, tithe or other payment may

require.

5. —(1) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall have power— Revision

(i) to revise generally, and at any period in the

year as circumstances may require, any quarterly

estimate made by Queen Anne’s Bounty under payments,

this Measure for the purpose of ascertaining

the amount of any quarterly payment payable

to a beneficiary; and

(ii) to adjust any over-payment or under-payment

made in respect of any beneficial interest to

which this Measure applies by ma kin g such

deductions from or additions to any quarterly

payment payable to the beneficiary who has

received the over-payment or the underpayment as Queen Anne’s Bounty may think

necessary.

(2) In any case where by reason of the avoidance of

a benefice or for any other reason such over-payments or

under-payments cannot be fully adjusted under the foregoing provisions of this section, the balance due to Queen

Anne’s Bounty or to the beneficiary, as the case may be,

shall be recoverable as a debt from the beneficiary or his

estate, or from Queen Anne’s Bounty, as the case may be.

viii No. 2. Tithe (Administration 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

of Trusts) Measure, 1928.

(3) In any case where such a balance as aforesaid is

due to Queen Anne’s, Bounty, and any monies are

payable by Queen Anne’s Bounty to the beneficiary

from whom the balance is due, Queen Anne’s Bounty

may, to such extent as may be required, retain such

monies and apply the same in satisfaction of the said

balance.

Determina 6. For the purpose of this Measure, Queen Anne’s

tion of Bounty shall appoint an appeal committee consisting of

questions. S uch of the Governors as Queen Anne’s Bounty may

determine, and without prejudice to any other remedy a

beneficiary shall be entitled to require that any question

which may arise in connection with the application to

the beneficial interest of such beneficiary of the system of

quarterly payments established by this Measure shall be

determined by such appeal committee.

Tithe 7. — (1) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall establish a

Revenue special account to be known and hereinafter referred to

Account as the Tithe Revenue Account, into which shall be paid—

(i) all monies received by Queen Anne’s Bounty

from committees constituted under section ten

of the Tithe Act, 1925, in respect of tithe rent-

charge, rent-charges, rents, tithes and other

payments vested in Queen Anne’s Bounty in

trust for the beneficiaries;

(ii) any monies representing any loan made to

Queen Anne’s Bounty for the purposes of this

Measure by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or

other lender; and

(iii) any monies representing the interest upon or

the income of any funds- for the time being

standing to the credit of the Tithe Revenue

Account.

(2) Out of the Tithe Revenue Accoupt there shall be

paid or transferred—

(i) all amounts properly payable or transferable

out of the Tithe Revenue Account to persons

other than the beneficiaries or to any fund;

(ii) any payments which are required to meet the

interest upon any loan made for the purposes

of this Measure and any principal requiring to

be repaid; and

(iii) the payments to the beneficiaries provided for

by this Measure.

1928. Tithe (Administration No. 2. ix

of Trusts) Measure, 1928.

8 . Queen Ann e’s Bounty shall have power from Power of

time to. time to borrow such monies as shall be required Queen

for the purposes of this Measure, and to secure the monies 8

borrowed and the interest thereon by a charge on the

Tithe Revenue Account, but so that no such borrowing

or charge shall impose any liability on any property or

monies vested in or held by Queen Anne’s Bounty other

than the Tithe Revenue Account. 5

9. —(1) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have Powers of the following powers, namely:— Ecclesias-

(i) Power from time to time to lend to Queen Anne’s missioned.

Bounty for the purposes of this Measure upon

the security of a charge upon the Tithe Revenue

Account such monies forming part of their

Common Fund, or arising from securities and

investments the income of which is paid into

their Common Fund as they may deem

expedient;

(ii) Power from time to time to' guarantee to any

lender other than the Ecclesiastical Commissioners making a loan to Queen Anne’s Bounty

for the purposes of this Measure the repayment

of such loan and the interest thereon; and

(iii) Power to secure any guarantee given by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners under this section by a charge upon their Common Fund revenues and properties or any part thereof respectively, but so that any such charge shall not prevent the Ecclesiastical Commissioners from dealing with their Common Fund revenues and properties as absolute owners free from any incumbrance,

and shall not affect any property in the hands

of a transferee from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners whether for value or not, but in the

case of transfer for value shall shift to the

money or property which is the consideration

for the transfer.

(2)' The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall exercise

the powers conferred on them by this section in such

manner as will enable the system of quarterly payments to

beneficiaries established by this Measure to be set on foot,

and, subject to the provisions of this Measure, to be

continued.

X

No. 2.

Determination or suspension of

system of

quarterly

payments.

Winding up.

Tithe Act,

1925 ,

section

eleven.

Regulations.

Proof of

regulations.

Tithe (Administration 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

of Trusts) Measure, 1928.

10. Queen Anne’s Bounty and the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners shall respectively have power to suspend

for any period or to determine at any time the system of

quarterly payments to beneficiaries established by this

Measure, but such power shall only be exercise&ble by the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners by a notice in writing served

on Queen Anne’s Bounty and requiring Queen Anne’s

Bounty to suspend pj^determine the said system at the

expiration of one year from the service of the notice.

11. Upon the determination of the system of

quarterly payments to beneficiaries established by this

Measure the Tithe Revenue Account shall be wound up,

and for the purposes of such winding up the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners shall make such advances under the power

in that behalf conferred on them by this Measure as shall

be sufficient to provide for the discharge of the liabilities

of the Tithe Revenue Account, such advances being made

upon the footing that as between Queen Ann e’a Bounty

and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners no liability for any

deficiency of the Tithe Revenue Account is to fall upon

any property or monies vested in dr held by Queen Anne’s

Bounty other than the Tithe Revenue Account.

12. Notwithstanding the provisions of section.eleven

of the Tithe Act, 1925, no scheme under that section shall

be framed or come into operation until such time as

Queen Anne’s Bounty deems expedient, and Queen Anne’s

Bounty may exclude from the operation of any such

scheme any tithe rent-charge, rent-charge, rent, tithe or

other payment which for the time being is not collected

through a committee for a collection area constituted

under section ten of the Tithe Act, 1925.

13. —(1) Queen Anne’s Bounty shall have power to

make regulations as to the manner in which the powers

conferred on Queen Anne’s Bounty shall be exercised,

and generally for the purpose of carrying this Measure

into effect.

(2) Any regulations made by Queen Anne’s Bounty

under this section shall be laid before the Church

Assembly.

14. Evidence may be given of any regulations made

by Queen Anne’s Bounty under this Measure or the Tithe

Act, 1925, by producing a copy thereof sealed with the

common seal of Queen Anne’s Bounty, or certified to be

1928. Tithe (Administration No. 2, 3. xi

of Trusts) Measure, 1928.

a true copy under the hand of the Treasurer for the time

being of Queen Anne’s Bounty.

15. —(1) This Measure shall come into operation on Commence-

the appointed day. ment

(2) The appointed day shall be such day not later

than three months after the passing of this Measure as

Queen Anne’s Bounty may determine. *

(3) The determination by Queen Anne’s Bounty of the appointed day shall be notified by advertisement in

the " London Gazette."

16. In this Measure the expressions " tithe rent- Interpreta-

charge " and " benefice " have the same meanings as in tion -

the Tithe Act, 1925.

17. This Measure may be cited as the Tithe Short title.

(Administration of Trusts) Measure, 1928

SCHEDULE.

Section 3.

The Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776.

The Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1780.

The Clergy Residence Act, 1826.

The Parsonages Act, 1838.

The Parsonages Act, 1865.

The Loans (Incumbents of Benefices) Amendment Act, 1918.

No. 3.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To amend the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926.

[3rd August 1928.]

1. Subsection (1) of section one of the Clergy Extension

Pensions Measure, 1926 (in this Measure referred to as of scope

the " principal Measure "), shall have effect and shall be 2* C^gy

deemed always to have had effect as if the following

paragraph were substituted for paragraph (h) (that is 1926 .

to say):—

" (h) Such other clerks in Holy Orders licensed

under seal by diocesan bishops and engaged in

* The day thus determined was September 30, 1928: see " London

Gazette, " August 14, 1928, p. 5445.

No. 3.

xii

Clergy Pensions 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

I

rendering continuous and whole-time ecclesiastical

service as are not upon their own application

excluded by the pensions authority from the

provisions of this Measure on the ground that they

are entitled to the benefits of some pension or

superannuation scheme, approved by the pensions

, authority, other than that established by this

Measure."

Aggregation

of preferments and

stipends.

2. In any case where an income is simultaneously

derived from more than one of the sources mentioned

in subsection (1) of section one of the principal Measure,

but the income derived from each of such sources or

from any one or more of them is less than one hundred

pounds, the whole of such income shall be aggregated

for the purpose of the said subsection, and references in

the principal Measure and in this Measure to preferments,

offices or functions by virtue whereof the principal

Measure applies to any person shall be deemed to include

preferments, offices or functions by virtue whereof as

affected by the provisions of this section the principal

Measure applies to any person.

Qualifying 3. Section three of the principal Measure shall have

pensionable effect, and shall be deemed always to have had effect,

service. ag y: f or subsection (1) thereof the following subsection

were substituted:—

" (1) For the purposes of this Measure the expression

‘ a qualifying period of pensionable service ’

means a period of, or a succession of periods

(either with or without intervals), amounting

in the whole to not less than, fifteen years, and

consisting of the aggregate of—

(i) any period before the appointed day

during which a compulsory contributor has

within the area to which this Measure applies,

served as a clerk in Holy Orders in such a

capacity as to bring him within any of the

classes of clergy mentioned in subsection (1)

of section one of this Measure;

(ii) the period or periods after the day

immediately preceding the appointed day in

respect of which such compulsory contributor

has paid or become liable to pay contributions

or instalments of contributions under this

Measure; and

1928.

Clergy Pensions

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

No. 3.

xm

(iii) any other period during which such

compulsory contributor has, either in the

area to which this Measure applies or outside,

served as a clerk in Holy Orders, and in

respect of which he has under an agreement

made with the pensions authority paid to the

pensions authority such a sum as the pensions

authority may require not exceeding, the

actuarial equivalent of the cost of the addition

of such period to his qualifying period of

pensionable service:

Provided that the pensions authority shall

have power to release a compulsory contributor

from his liability to pay contributions in respect

of the year commencing upon the appointed

day upon the terms that such year shall not

be taken into account in calculating thq qualifying period of pensionable service of such

compulsory contributor."

4. The words " provided that " shall be substituted

for the words "For the purposes of this Measure " in

section four of the principal Measure, and that section as

so amended shall have effect as a proviso to the first of the

conditions laid down by section five of the principal

Measure.

5. —(1) All elections to membership of the pensions

authority made by the Church Assembly after the passing

of this Measure shall be made upon the footing that one-

half of the members so elected shall be persons ordinarily

resident in the Province of Canterbury, and one-half of the members so elected shall be persons ordinarily resident

in the Province of York:

Provided that—

(i) this section shall not apply to members of the

pensions authority elected from among the

beneficiaries of the Clergy Pensions Institution; and

(ii) where the whole number of the members elected

by the Church Assembly to whom this section

applies is for the time being not an even number, such of the said members as are ordinarily

resident in either province may exceed such of the said members as are ordinarily resident in

the other province by one.

Conditions

for the

receipt of

pensions.

Provinces to

be equally

represented

upon the

pensions

authority.

XIV

No. 3.

Clergy Pensions 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Amendment)Measure, 1928.

Vacation of

office by

members of the pensions

authority.

(2) The expressions " nominate " and " nomination " I

shall in the principal Measure and in this Measure he

construed as including " elect " and " election " and

vice versa.

(3) In section eight of the principal Measure the

words " (and so that of such sixteen members" not more

" than nine shall be persons ordinarily resident in the

" province of Canterbury) " are repealed.

6.—(1) At the expiration of a period of three years

from the appointed day one-third of each class of the

original members of the pensions authority selected by

lot shall vacate office.

(2) At the expiration of a period of five years from

the appointed day one-half of the remaining original

members of the pensions authority in" each class selected

by lot shall vacate office.

(3) At the expiration of a period of seven years from

the appointed day the remaining original members of the

pensions authority shall vacate office.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(i) the members of the pensions authority elected

by the Church Assembly otherwise than from

among the beneficiaries of the Clergy Pensions

Institution, the members elected by the

Church Assembly from among the said beneficiaries, and the members nominated by the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall respectively

be classes of members;

(ii) a class of members shall be deemed to be

reduced by one or two as may be required if

the number of the members thereof is not an

even multiple of three or two;

(iii) original members include members appointed

to fill vacancies not being members elected for

a term of years under this, section or the

immediate or other successors of members

appointed for a term of years under this

section; and

(iv) for the purposes of this section the chairman

is not included among the members of the

pensions authority.

(5) Members of the pensions authority elected on the

occasion of the vacancies provided for by this section and

their immediate and other successors shall, subject to the

1928. Clergy Pensions No. 3. xv

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

provisions of this section, hold office for six years, except that members who are such successors as aforesaid and who are elected to fill casual vacancies or upon a reduction in number in the beneficiaries of the Clergy Pensions Institution shall respectively hold office only for the remainder of the respective terms for which the members replaced would respectively have held office.

(6) Members of the pensions authority vacating office shall be eligible for re-election.

(7) The term of office of the chairman of the pensions authority shall be determined by the Church Assembly.

(8) The chairman or any member of the pensions

authority may for good cause be removed from office by

the body by whom he was elected.

(9) Section ten of the principal Measure is hereby

repealed.

7. The pensions authority shall, in addition to the Local com-

powers mentioned in section twelve of the principal mittees.

Measure, have power to appoint any persons or any body

of persons, whether members of the pensions authority or

not, to act upon such terms and conditions as may be laid

down by the pensions authority as local committees for

any areas, whether dioceses or not, and subject to the

provisions of the principal Measure to delegate to such

committees any powers and duties of the pensions

authority.

8. —(1) The pensions authority shall have power to Special fund

create a separate fund consisting of any testamentary and for dona- •

other gifts made to the pensions authority, and subject to lons and

any conditions imposed by the testators or other donors be< l ueists -

may, at the discretion of the pensions authority, apply

such fund or any part thereof for any propose beneficial

to the persons to whom the principal Measure applies,

including non-contributing pensioners and, notwithstanding any provisions of subsection (4) of section seven of the

principal Measure to the contrary, voluntary contributors,

or to the widows and orphans of such persons.

(2) Paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section sixteen

of the principal Measure is hereby repealed, and sub-

sectional) of section twenty-four of the principal Measure

shall be modified accordingly.

9. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section every Contribu-

compulsory contributor shall be liable to pay a contri- tions.

bution in respect of each calendar year during any part of

XVI

No. 3.

Assessable

clerical

income

Clergy Pensions 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

which he is a compulsory contributor, and in Rule 1 of the

Contribution Rules the word "yearly" shall be substituted for the word "half-yearly " wherever it occurs and

the rates of contribution set out in or to be ascertained

under such rule shall be read as if multiplied, by two.

(2) An annual contribution shall be paid in two

instalments payable on the thirtieth day of June and the

thirty-first day of December in each year in respect of the half-years ending on those days respectively, but a

compulsory contributor shall not be bound to pay any

half-yearly instalment unless on the first day of the half-

year in respect of which the instalment is payable the

principal Measure applied to him as a compulsory contributor, or unless he has undertaken in writing to pay

the instalment. u

(3) Every contribution payable by a compulsory

contributor under the principal Measure before this

Measure comes into force shall be deemed to have been

payable in respect of the half-year beginning on the day

on which the contribution was due.

(4) Rule 11 of the Contribution Rules is hereby

repealed.

(5) Subject to the provisions of the principal Measure

relating to byelaws the pensions authority shall have

power to make byelaws regulating the collection of contributions, and such byelaws may be either additional or

supplementary to the contribution rules as amended by

this Measure, but no byelaw made by the pensions

authority under this subsection shall alter any rate of

contribution.

10.—(1) For the purposes of Rule 1 of the Contribution Rules as amended by this Measure assessable

clerical income means the net income as ascertained

under the provisions of this Measure which is earned

during the year preceding the year of'assessment by a

compulsory contributor as the holder of any preferment

or in respect of the stipend, salary or emolument of an

office or function by virtue whereof the principal Measure

applies to him, and includes the annual value, of his

parsonage house or house of residence (if any):Provided

that where an assessable clerical income is derived from

more than one of the above-mentioned sources, either

simultaneously or consecutively, the whole of that income

shall be aggregated. •

1928. Clergy Pensions No. 3. xvii

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

(2) The value of a parsonage house or house of

residence shall be estimated according to the annual value

thereof for the purposes of the enactments relating to

income tax, but subject to the deduction of the sum (if

any) by which such annual value exceeds one-eighth of the

net income earned during the said prededing year by the

compulsory contributor concerned as the holder of the

benefice, deanery, prebend or canonry to which such

parsonage house or house of residence belongs.

(3) A pension under the Incumbents Resignation

Acts, 1871 and 1887, or the Deans and Canons Resignation 35 & 36 Vict.

Act, 1872, and any charge Created under the transitional c. 8.

provisions of the principal Measure shall be allowed as a

deduction in estimating the assessable clerical income.

(4) A compulsory contributor who has held no

preferment or office by virtue whereof the principal

Measure applies to him during the year preceding the

year of assessment shall, and a compulsory contributor

who has held such preferment or office for part of that

year only may, if the pensions authority think fit, be

assessed on his estimated net income for the year of

assessment.

(5) The pensions authority shall assess compulsory

contributors to contributions in accordance with the

Contribution Rules as amended by this Measure, and for

the purposes of any assessment may determine whether

and in what manner any sums payable under the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure, 1923, are to be apportioned between a parsonage house and other buildings

of a benefice, and any other matter requiring to be

determined and not expressly provided for by the

principal Measure or by this Measure.

(6) Every assessment to contributions shall as soon

as is reasonably practicable be communicated by the

pensions authority to the compulsory contributor concerned, who shall be accorded a period of twenty-one

days within which to give notice to the pensions authority

of any objection to the assessment and of the grounds

thereof.

(7) The pensions authority shall have power from

time to time to revise or adjust any assessment to contributions in any case where the circumstances so require,

and any revised or adjusted assessment shall supersede

the original assessment or any previously revised or

adjusted assessment.

Kk

xviii

Returns of

clerical

income.

Clergy

Pensions

Institution.

No. 3. Clergy Pensions 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1928. -

(8) Notwithstanding any. other provision of this

Measure the pensions authority shall have power in any

exceptional case where, in the opinion of the pensions

authority, circumstances so require, to determine the

amount of the assessable clerical income of a compulsory

contributor, or of any item thereof, upon such basis as

the c pensions authority may think proper.

(9) Rules 2 and 3 of the Contribution Rules are

hereby repealed.

11. —(1) The pensions authority may send to every

bishop (not being a diocesan bishop), priest or deacon

in the area to which the principal Measure applies a

requirement to furnish particulars of his clerical income

in the form set out in the Schedule to this Measure, or

in suc^ other form as may be prescribed, and it shall be '

the duty of every bishop, priest or deacon to whom such

a requirement or other request for information is sent

to complete the form and return it, or furnish the information required to the pensions authority within such

period not being less than twenty-one days, as the

pensions authority may determine.

(2) If any, bishop, priest or deacon to'whom such a

requirement or request for information is sent fails to

comply therewith, the pensions authority may assess

him to contributions of such amounts fixed on the basis

of such information as the pensions authority shall in

its absolute, discretion think proper, and the making of

such an assessment shall be prima facie evidence that

such bishop, priest or deacon is a compulsory contributor,

and, as such, liable to pay the contribution assessed.

(3) The 'pensions authority shall be entitled to

disclose information obtained under the provisions of,

this section to any person, authority or body charged with

administrative duties connected with the Church of

England.

(4) Rule 4 of the Contribution Rules is hereby

repealed.

12. Any monies forming part of the funds of the

Clergy Pensions Institution may at the discretion of the Institution be advanced by way of loan to any

beneficiary of the Institution upon the security of any

sum which under the Rules of the several funds of the

Institution is standing to his credit.

1928.

Clergy Pensions

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

No. 3.

XIX

13. Section twenty-seven of the principal Measure Transition

shall be amended by substituting the following paragraph from the

for paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of that section :— Resignation

" (i) In any case where a compulsory contributor Acts, 1871

who was admitted to deacon’s orders before the and 1887.

appointed day is about to retire and is the

holder of a benefice, the bishop of the diocese

in which such benefice is situate shall before

accepting the resignation of such compulsory

contributor notify the pensions authority that

he proposes to accept the same, and if the

pensions authority shall be of opinion—

(a) that such compulsory contributor will

upon his retirement be entitled to enter upon

the receipt of a pension under this Measure,

and

(b) that the annual value of the bfenefice

which he is resigning exceeds three hundred

and fifty pounds

the pensions authority shall request the bishop

to cause a commission to issue under his hand

and seal, and the bishop shall cause such commission to issue accordingly."

14. Any organised body of clergy ministering outside Reciprocal

England under the jurisdiction of any bishop consecrated arrange-

as a bishop of the Church of England or of any bishop in ments -

communion with the Church of England in connection

With which body a pension scheme has been established,

shall, for the purposes of section thirty of the principal

Measure, be deemed to be a church to which that section

applies.

15. —(1) Where a compulsory contributor dies before Return of

entering upon the receipt of a pension under the principal contribu-

Measure the pensions authority shall repay to his repre- tions -

sentatives out of the Clergy Pensions Fund such sum as

is laid down by this section.

(2) Where a compulsory contributor ceases to be

a compulsory contributor in such circumstances that he is

not immediately entitled to enter upon the receipt of a

pension under the principal Measure, the pensions

authority may forthwith, and shall upon his attaining

the age of seventy years or retiring before attaining that

xx No. 3. 6 'lergg Pensions 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

age by reason of permanent disability for the performance '

of his work or duties repay to him out of the Clergy

Pensions Fund, upon ah application made by him in such

form as the pensions authority shall require, such sum as

is laid down by this section.

i

(3) A'compulsory contributor receiving repayment

under this section shall cease to have any further rights

under the principal Measure or any amendment thereof

either to receive a pension on retirement, or, if he again

becomes a compulsory contributor, to have any period

before the repayment taken into account in calculating

his qualifying period of pensionable service or in any

other respect.

(4) Provided that any bishop, priest or deacon who

has received a repayment under this 1 section and again

becomes a compulsory contributor—

(i) shall have the right upon repaying to the pensions

authority the amount repaid to him, together

with compound interest thereon at the rate of

two and a half per cent, per annum with annual

rests calculated from the date of repayment t6

him, to be reinstated in the possession of all

rights to which he would have been entitled if

the repayment of contributions had never been

made; or

(ii) if he does not avail himself of the said right, may,

at the discretion of the pensions authority, be

wholly or partially reinstated in the possession

of such rights upon such terms and conditions

as the pensions authority may think fit.

(5) The sum to be repaid under this section shall be—

(i) such a sum as shall be equal to the aggregate of

all contributions paid by the compulsory

contributor under the principal Measure,

together with compound interest at the rate of

two and a half per cent, per annum with

annual rests upon each contribution repaid

calculated from the date of the payment

thereof; or

(ii) in the case of a compulsory contributor

admitted to deacon’s orders after the day

immediately preceding the appointed day who,

dies before he has entered upon the receipt of

1928. Clergy Pensions No. 3. xxi

(Amendment) Measure, 1928.

a pension under the principal Measure either

such a sum as aforesaid or the sum of two

hundred pounds, whichever shall be the

greater.

(6) The benefits conferred by this section shall be

incapable of being assigned by any instrument or act

inter vivos, or of being charged or anticipated, and the

same shall not pass to any trustee in bankruptcy. -

(7) Any arrears of contributions due from a compulsory contributor entitled to any repayment under

this section shall be deducted by the pensions authority

from the monies repaid together with interest at the rate

of five per cent, per annum calculated from the respective

dates upon which the contributions in arrear were due.

(8) For the purposes of this section contributions

paid under an agreement made under the provisions of

subsection (4) of section seven of the principal Measure,

or of section one of the Clergy Pensions (Amendment)

Measure, 1927, shall be deemed to be contributions paid

by a compulsory contributor, and all rights conferred by

any such agreement shall be deemed to be rights arising

under the principal Measure or an amendment thereof.

(9) Section thirty-one of the principal Measure is

hereby repealed.

16. The provisions of the principal Measure relating Isle of Man

to non-contributing pensioners shall apply to the Isle and nou -.

of Man, and the provisions to the contrary of sub- contributing

section (2) of section thirty-eight of the principal Measure

(being all words before the words "the transitional

provisions ") are hereby repealed.

17. This Measure (except sections one and three, Commence-

which shall have effect as from the appointed day) shall ment.

come into force on the first day of January in the year

following upon that in which it is passed.

18. —(1) This Measure may be cited as the Clergy Short title

Pensions (Amendment) Measure, 1928, and shall be and con-

construed as one with the principal Measure, and the struction.

principal Measure, the Clergy Pensions (Amendment)

Measure, 1927, and this Measure may be cited together

as the Clergy Pensions Measures, 1926 to 1928.

(2) In this Measure the expression "appointed

day" means the first day of January, 1927.

xxii

Section

No. 3. Clergy Pensions 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Measure, 1928.

ii. THE '

Return -of Benefice Income for

Name of Incumbent (in full) _

Date of Birth _

Postal Address _

FOR ASSESSMENT UNDER THE CLERGY

(A)—ifrCOME OF BENEFICE FOR THE YEAR 192

1. Fees.

2. Easter Offerings ...

3. Pew Rents -

4. Dividends on Investments (before deduction of tax):—

(a) Ecclesiastical Commissioners

(b) Trustees -

5. Augmentation Grants and other Annual Payments :—|

(a) Ecclesiastical Commissioners ...

(b) Other sources ......

6. Queen Anne’s Bounty :—

(a) Interest and Dividends ....

(b) Net amount of Tithe ....

7. Amount of Tithe collected direct (less statutory

Charges due to Queen Anne’s Bounty) ....

8. Tmnb Redemption Annuities—(I nterest portion duo

from Queen Anne’s Bounty) -

9. Income from Charitable Sources—(P aid to me in

virtue of my offieo) -

10. Letting of Lands and Houses (excluding Parsonage

Houso), Ground Rents, Sporting and other rights

11. Voluntary Payments made in virtue of my Office :—

(a) From Parish ....

(b) From Patron ....

(c) From Queen Victoria Clergy Fund

(d) From Diocesan Funds

(c) From other sources -

12. Manorial Rights, including Leases of Minerals

13. Income from other Ecclesiastical Sources (state nature)

W

Total Income

Less Total Outgoings -

Total Net Income £

(B)—GROSS SCHEDULE " A " INCOME TAX

Value of Parsonage Houso or House

of Residence ... £:

Less Allowance for Study - £:

Value for Pension Contribution -

Assessable Income

’ Curates officiating

Name.

Postal Address.

Doto of Birth.

Date

Note.— (i) If the Schedule A value exceeds l/8th of the total not income as shown

of the Parsonage House.

(ii) Voluntary payments from Parish should include payments by Parochial

and Pensions Contribution.

1928

Clergy Pensions

(. Amendment) Measure, 1928

No. 3

XXIII

SCHEDULE.

the Year ending 31st December, 192 .

Name of Benefice[s] _

Rural Deanery _

Diocese _ Date of Ordination

PENSIONS MEASURES, 1926-1928.

OUTGOINGS:—

1. Permanent Outgoings—

(a) Cost of Collection of Pew Ronts and Fees -

(b) Ecclesiastical Dues

(c) Other Charges ----

(d) Repairs :—

(i) Annual Payment under the Ecclesiastical

Dilapidations Measure, 1923 (including Parsonage House) ----

(ii) If no dilapidations survey yet made, insert

Schedule A Income Tax allowances for

Repairs on Glebe and Parsonage House

2. Outgoings in respect op Glebe Lands and Buildings

(excluding Parsonage House), other than Repairs:—

(a) Land Tax -

(b) Tithe Rent-Charge.

(e) Quit-Rent, other Rent and Rates

(d) Collection Charges and Insurance

3. Other Charges :—

(a) Special Expenses of Office (asallowed by Income Tax

authorities) ----

(b) Mortgage Chargos—

(i) Capital Repayment -

(ii) Interest Payment ----

(c) Retired Incumbent’s Pension charged on Benefice -

(d) Curate’s Stipend—

(i) Compulsory under Act 48 & 49 Vict., cap. 64,

Sect. 13, 16 & 17 Geo. V., No. 8, Sec. 6

(ii) Voluntary.

(e) Payments to Lay Workers licensed by Bishop -

(f) Other Outgoings (state nature).

d.

Total Outgoings £

UNDER ME.

Date of Ordination.

Emoluments of office received during the year.

(In the event of changes please aggregate.)

v

Signature of Incumbent

above, then l/8th only of the net income will be added instead of the Schedule A value

Church Council or Churchwardens towards Dilapidations, Rates on Parsonage House,

TABjLE III

Showing the Effect of the Legislation of the Fourth

. Session of the Thirty-Fourth Parliament of the

i

United Kingdom and Northern Ireland.

(February 7 —August 3, 1928.)

FORMER ACTS

(IN. CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED

OR AMENDED BY ENACTMENTS OF

f 18 & 19 GEO. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 6.

24 Geo. 2.

o. 23.

Calendar (New

Style) Act, 1760.

S. 3, new calendar and

rules, &c, amended

(prosp.).

35.

26 Geo. 2.

c. 30.

Calendar Act, 1761

S. 2 amended (prosp.)

36.

1 & 2 Will. 4.

c. 37.

Truck Act, 1831 -

S. 8 excluded -

13, S3. 1 (6),

13(2). .

3 & 4 Will. 4.

c. 98.

Bank of England

Act, 1833.

S. 6 am. (j>rosp.)

13, ss. 1 (2) (3),

13 (2).

1 & 2 Vict.

o. 118.

Court of Session

(No. 2) Act, 1838.

Ss. 18, 20 amended -

34, s. 10.

6 & 7 Vict.

r* 7*1

7 & 8 Vict,

c. 32.

Solicitors Act, 1843

Bank Chapter Act,

1844.

S. 32 extended -

Ss. 2, 3, 6, 9, 11 from " save

and except that, " 13-20,

22, and as to E. ss. 10 and

12, repealed, s. 6 and

Schedule A am. (prosp).

22, s. 1 (4).

13, ss. 10, 13,

sch.

8 & 9 Vict,

e. 37.

Bankers (Ireland)

Act, 1846.

Am. (prosp.) ...

15.

16 & 17Viot.

o. 119.

Betting Act, 1863 -

Excluded (E. S.)

41.

17 & 18 Vict.

o. 91.

Lands Valuation

(Scotland) Act,

1864.

Applied as amended; power

to modify Act by regs.

44, s. -9 (9), (13),

(15) (ft).

LI

XXVI

Effect of Legislation. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 43.

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1867.

Ss. 2, 3, 8, 10-1 repealable

by rules of court (extension of 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 49, s. 99 (1) (g), sch. 1).

26, s. 19 (1),

sch. 1. Part I.

21 & 22 Vict.

c. 72.

C

o

Landed Estates

Court (Ireland)

Act, 1868.

S. 53, etc. (foreshore): see

24, s. 2 (2).

22 Vict. c. 14

Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1859.

S. 5 excluded -

17, s. 22.

24 & 25 Vict.

c. 3.

Bank of England

Act, 1861.

S. 4, so far as unrepealed,

repealed (prosp.).

13, s. 13, sch.

, 31 & 32Viet.:

c. 37

Documentary Evidence Act, 1868.

Applied to new Scottish

departments (prosp.)."

34, s. 1 (6) (e),

(6).

e. 64

JLand Registers

(Scotland) Act,

1868.

S. 25 " Lord Clerk Register " repealed.

34, s. 14, sch.

Part II.

c. 100 -

Court of Session

Act, 1868.

S. 63 applied -

30, s. 25.

32 & 33 Vict.

c. 67.

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

Sch. 3 in part substituted -

Applied as amended - -

8, s. 2 (1), scli.l.

44, ss. 1 (2) (6),

7(1).

33 <fc 34 Vict.

c. 71.

National Debt Act,

1870.

Part VII. (ss. 51-68): see

17, 8. 25.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 106.

Petroleum Act,

1871.

Repealed (except as to N.I.)

after amdt. by c. 20.

32, s. 26, sch. 3.

38 & 39Viet.:

c. 46

Sinking Fund Act,

1875. '

Ss. 5 excluded, 7 applied,

4 and 0 extended.

17, ss. 23 (6),

21(1) (2).

c. 63

Sale of Food and

Drugs Act, 1875.

Act, except ss. 30-1 and 36,

repealed (Jan. 1, 1929)

except as to N.I. (see

terms).

31, ss. 36-7, 38

(2), sch. 4.

39 & 40 Vict.:

o. 18

Treasury Solicitor

Act, 1876.

Applied (N.I. intestacies) -

24, s. 3.

c. 36

Customs (Consolidation) Act, 1876

S. 98 applied, power to

relax conditions of Act.

Extended by incorporation

of 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 31.

s. 12.

17, s.2 (7), sch. 1

31, s. 12 (2).

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2

Treasury Bills Act,

1877.

S. 6 excluded ...

1, s. 3 (2); 18,

s. 2 (2).

c. 63 •

Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1877.

S. 7, first para, of s. 9 and

last para, of s. 10 repealed

(prosp.).

34, s. 1 (1) (6),

sch. Part I.

A.D. 1928.

Effect of Legislation.

xxv u

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

42 & 43Viot.:

o. 30

Sale of Food and

Drugs Act Amend

ment Aut, 1879.

Repealed (Jon. 1, 1929)

except as to N.I. (see

terms).

31, ss. 36-7, 38

(2), sch. 4.

c. 44

Lord Clerk Regis-

. ter (Scotland) Act

1879.

S. 4 proviso anti s. 6 re-

, pealed.

34, ss. 4, 14, sch.

Part II.

c. 47

Petroleum Act,

1879.

Repealed (except as to N.I.)

32, ss. 20, 26,

sch. 3.

c. 49

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

S. 35 applied (as modified)

to Northern Ireland.

17, s. 22.

43 & 44Viet.:

e. 19

Taxes Management Act, 1880.

S. 73 (9) (10) repealed

17, s. 35 (6),

sell. 5.

c. 24

Spirits Act, 1880 -

Power to modify: sec

17, s. 10.

c. 35

Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880.

S. 3 excluded (lapwings)

(E.S.).

2, & 1 (2).

c. 19

Taxes Management Act, 1880.

S. 73 amended - -

17, s. 33

44 & 46 Vict.

c. 58.

Army Act (as

amonded).

Act continued, ss. 6(1), (a),

(c), (d ), (g) omitted; 190

(3 a) repealed; 8(1), 9(1),

43, 46 (1), 47 (1). (6), 57 a

(9), 73 (3), 74 (1), 83 (6),

115 (101, 145 (2), 177, 180

(2) (/), (g), 182, 183 (2),

189 (2)-(4), (6), 190 (4)-

(7) am.; 6 (1) (k) substituted; 6 (2) renumbered

(3); new 6 (2) and 115 (11)

added.

7, ss. 2, 4-8,

sells. 2, 3.

45 & 46 Vict.

e. 69.

Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882.

Sec ----

30.

46 & 47 Vict.

c. 56.

Education (Scotland) Act, 1883.

S. 11 (b)proviso added

28.

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 09.

Criminal Law

Amendment Act,

1885.

S. 5, as amended, further

amended (prosp.).

42.

49 & SOVict.

e. 27.

Guardianship of

Infants Act, 1880.

S. 5 amended -

26, ss. 16, 20 (3).

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 16

National Debt and

Local Loans Act,

1887.

Extended - -

43, s. 1 (3).

c. 29

Margarine Act,

1887.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1929)

except as to N.I. (sec

terms).

31, ss. 36-7, 38

(2), sch. 4.

xxviii

Effect of Legislation.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

61 & 52 Vict.:

c. 25

Railway and Canal

Traffic Act, 1888.

S. 40 excluded -

32, s. 9 (4).

e. 43

County Courts

Act, ‘1888.

Ss. 170 repealed, 71, 154,

158 amended.

26, ss* 17, 19 (2),

20 (2), sells. 1,

Part II., 2.

c. 66

a

a

Solicitors Act,

1888.

S. 12: see

22, s. 1 (4).

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 23.

Chancery of Lancaster Act, 1890.

S; 7 repealed

26, s. 20, sch. 2.

54 & 65 Vict.

Stamp Act, 1891 -

S. 114 extended

17, s. 32.

c. 39.

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 48 -

Bank Act, 1892

S. 6 amended (prosp.)

13, ss. 7, 13 (2).

c. 55

A

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

S. 281 extended -"

S. 432 in pt. repealed (Jan.

1, 1929).

29, s. 9.

31, ss. 37, 38(2),

sch. 4.

66 & 57 Vict.:

c. 39.

Industrial and Provident Societies

Act, 1893.

S. 22 restricted (E.S.)

4.

57 & 58 Vict.

e. 60

Merchant Shipping

Act, 1894.

S. 427 extended

if

40.

63 & 69 Vict.:

c. 16

Finance Act, 1806

S. 16 repealed (prosp.)

45, ss. 117-8,

sch. 3.

c. 42

Sea Fisheries Regulation (Scotland) Act, 1895.

S. 4 (1) amended

34, s. 3.

c. 44

Judicial Committee

(Amendment) Act,

1895.

S. 1 (2) repealed

26, s. 13.

59 & 60 Vict.

Locomotives on

S. 5 repealed and replaced

20, ss. 3, 10, sch.

c. 36.

Highways Act,

1896.

with saving (except as to

N.I.).

2, and see 32, s.

26 (3) (b). ■

60 & 61 Vict,

e. 33.

Public Health (Scot -

land) Act, 1397.

Ss. 183-7 extended -

29, s. 9 (1).

62 & 63 Vict.

Sale of Food and

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1929) ex-

31, ss. 36-7, 38

c. 61.

Drugs Act, 1899.

cept as to N.I. (see terms).

(2), sch. 4.

2 Edw. 7.

e. 41.

Metropolitan Watei

Board Act, 1902.

■ Sch. 3, para. 9 (iii) substituted.

xi.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

Irish Land Act,

1903.

S. 24 (6), etc.: see -

24, s. 4.

4 Edw. 7.

c. 21.

Capital Expenditure (Money) Act,

1904.

Extended -

37, s. 1 (4).

6 Edw. 7.:

o. 32

Dogs Act, 1906

Ss. 1, 6 am., 4 substituted

(except as to N.I.).

21.

c. 50

National Dalleries

of Scotland Act,

1906.

S. 4 (1) in pt. repealed

34, ss. 11, 14,

sch. Part XI.

A.D. 1928.

Effect of Legislation.

xxxi

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 6.

6 &6 Geo.6.:

o. - 66

Milk and Dairies

(Consolidation)

Act, 1916.

S. 9 and sch. 3 repealed

(Jan. 1, 1929).

31, ss. 37, - 38

(2), sell. 4.

c. 89

Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1915.

Sch. 1, Part HI repealed -

17, s. 35 (6),

sch. 5.

7&8 Geo. 5.:

c. 18

c. 28

o. 31

Companies (Foreign

Interests) Act,

1917.

Companies (Particulars as to Directors) Act, 1917.

Finance Act, 1917

Repealed (prosp.) except

as to N.I.

Ss. 1, 2 (1) and in pt. 3 repealed (prosp.) except as

to N.I.

Para. 37 [(!)] (») added -

46, ss. 116-8,

sch. 3.

45, ss. 116-8,

sch. 3.

17, s. 34.

c. 64

Representation of the People Act,

1918.

Air Force Act (as

amended).

Ss. 4 (l)-(3) repealed, 7 (1)

(6), 43 (4), sch. 2, Part II,

No. 3 omitted; ss. 1-3, 8

(1), and 43 (3) substituted; ss. 5 (3), 7 (3), 22

(2), 43 (6), sells. 2, Part II,

4, 5, amended.

Sch. 9 Part III extended

(Reading).

Act continued, ss. 6 (1) (c)

(d) (g) (l) omitted; 190

(3a) repealed; 8(1), 9(1),

116(10), 146(2), 177, 182,

189 (6), 190 (4)-(7)

amended; 6 (1) (*) substituted; 6 (2) renumbered (3); new ss. 6 (2)

and 116 (11) added.

12.

c

25.

7, ss. 4—9, schs.

2, 3.

8 & 9 Geo. 6.

c. 30.

Naval Prize Act,

1918.

Tribunal dissolved, ss. 1(1),

(2) in pt., 2 and sch. repealed.

36.

9 & 10 Geo.5.

c. 20.

Scottish Board of

Health Act, 1919.

Ss. 1, 7 and (so far as unrepealed) 3 repealed

(prosp.).

34, ss. 1 (1) (6),

2, 14, sell.

Parts I and 11.

10 & 11 Geo.6.

Finance Act, 1920

Ss. 13 and 21 amended,

rates in sch. 2 in pt. substituted.

17, ss. 12, 10,

sch. 3.

c. 68

Shops (Early Closing) Act, 1920.

Repealed -

33, s. 10, sch. 4.

c. 67

Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

Ss. 4, 47 explained or modified.

24, ss. 1, 2.

c. 72

Roads Act, 1920 -

S. 13 (6) oxtended

17, s. 28.

11 ll&12 12 Geo.6:

c. 32

Finance Act, 1921

S. 23 repealed (Jan. 1, 1929)

except as to N.I. (see

terms).

31, ss. 36-7, 38

(2), sch. 4.

c. 42 - J

Licensing Act, 1921

S. 10 repealed (Jan. 1, 1929)

31, ss. 37, 38 (2),

sch. 4.

xxxii

Effect of Legislation. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5:

c. 58

Trusts (Scotland)

Act, 1921.

S. 10 extended -

43, s. 3.

e. 60

Shopst(Early Closing) Act, 1920

(Amendment) Act,

1921.

Repealed ... -

33, s'. 10, sch. 4.

c. 66

N.H.I. (Prolongation of Insurance)

Act, 1921.

Repealed - -

14, ss. 22, 23-4,

25 (3), sch. 3.

12 & 13 Geo.5:

c. 17

Finance Act, 1922

S. 21 am. -

17, s. 18.

c. 66

Criminal Law

Amendment Act,

1922.

S. 2 amended (prosp.)

it

42.

13 & 14 Geo.6:

c. 4

Fees (Increase) Act,

1923.

S. 4 repealed

32, s. 26, sch. 3.

c. 6

Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923.

Ss. 1, 2 continued (see

terms).

9, s. 1, sch.

c. 14

Finance Act, 1923

Ss. 10, 28 (5), 32 repealed,

28 cont. to April 6, 1933.

17, ss. 20, 35(f),

sch. 5.

c. 22

Cotton Industry

Act, 1923.

Ss. 1-3 cont., s. 2 (as cont.)

am.

11.

14 & 15 Geo.6:

C. 17

County Courts

Act, *1924.

S. 4 (3) proviso substituted

26, ss. 18, 20,

sch. 2.

c. 21

Finance Act, 1924

S. 16 repealed

17, s. 35 (6),

sch. 5.

c. 38

National, Health

Insurance Act,

1924.

Ss. 12(4), 13(9), 16 (1) (c),

54 (1) (c) (/), 68 (2)

proviso, 75 (5), 97 (1) (a)

repealed, 1 (3), 3, 9 (2),

10 (2), 12 (5) (6), 13 (4)-

(6), 16 (1) (a) (5), 17 (2) (6)

(3), 19 (1) («) (c), 22 (3),

24(4), 30 (1) (2) (4), 54 (1),

56(2) (3), 67 (4), 59 (1) (c),

60(1), 62(1), 64(4), 73(1),

78 (3) (6), 81, 96 (l)-(3),

97(1) (b) (2), 106(1), 117

(3), 124, 132 (1), sch. 4

Parti (1) (2), Part II (1)

amended, ss. 3 (2) (3)-(8),

17 (2)(o), 26, 66(1) (o)(i)

(ii) (2) proviso, 64 (1) (2)

(5), 75 (4), sch. 3 substituted, ss. 7 (6), 14 (8), 15

(4), 27 (1a), 34(4), 36 (3),

39 (2), 43 (7), 48 (5a), 54

(2) (d) (3) (4), 62 (7), 71

(2a), 76 (1a) (1b) (7) (8),

94 (7) (8), 132 (la), sch. 1

Part !(/)(</) added.

14, ss. 1-20, 22,

24, 25(3), schs.

1-3.

A.D. 1928.

Effect of Legislation.

xxxiii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

15 & 16 Geo.5

e. 17

Finance Act, 1925

S. 8 am., sch. 3 Part I.

17, s. 4, sch. 2

e. 19

Trustee Act, 1925 -

substituted.

S. 1 extended -

Pt. I.

43, s. 3.

c. 22

Land Charges Act,

1

Part VII (official searches)

43, s. 9 (7).

e. 29

1925.

Gold Standard Act,

applied.

S. 1 (1) (b) repealed (prosp.)

13, s. 13, sch..

c. 36

1925.

Finance Act, 1925 -

S. 8, 'sch. 3 Part I amended,

and see ss.l (3),

11.

17, ss. 4(1), 6, 7.

c. 45

Guardianship of

s. 3 restricted.

See ----

26, ss. 16, 20 (3).

c. 49

Infants Act, 1925.

Supreme Court of

Ss. 213 (2) in pt. repealed,

26, ss. 1, -3-12,

Judicature (Con-

57 (1), 99 (1) (rf) (/), 112

19 (1), 20 (2),

solidation) Act,

(1), 115 (1), 116 (4), 118

lis. 1 Part I,

1925.

(1), 120, 161 (5), 167 (4),

and 2.

c. 50

Theatrical Employ-

169 (1) (3), 171, sch. 1,

sch. 3 Part I amended,

ss. 109(2), 126(3), 162(1)

proviso, 170 substituted,

4 (4), 60 a, 109a, 119 (3),

128a, 219a added.

Amended ...

46.

c. 55

era Registration

Act, 1925.

Education (Scot-

»S. 4 (1) (d) amended -

10, s. 2.

c. 69

land) (Superannuation) Act,

1925.

Teachers (Super-

S. 11 amended ...

10, s. 1.

c. 70

annuation) Act,

1925.

Widows’, Orphans ’

Ss. 2 (2), 13 (5), 30 (1) (g)

14, ss. 22, 24,

and Old Age Con-

(2) repealed.

25 (3), sch. 3.

e. 79

tributory Pensions

Act, 1925.

Safeguarding of In-

S. 1 (2)-(4) applied -

17, s. 9 (4).

c. 84

dustries (Customs

Duties) Act, 1925.

Workmen’s Com-

S. 35 (1) (3) (proceedings in

24, s. 2 (4).

c. 86

pensation Act,

1925.

Criminal Justice

N.I.): see

S. 24 and sch. 2 extended -

43, s. 11 (2).

c. 87

Act, 1925.

Tithe Act, 1925 -

S. 11 restricted by C.A.M.

c. 90

Rating and Valua-

(18 & 19 Geo. 5. No. 2.

s. 12).

Ss. 11, sch. 4 Part I

8, ss.l (1), 2 (3),

tion Act, 1925.

paras. 3, 6 am.; sch. 2

3, 4, schs. 1

Part I in part substituted;

s. 37, sells. 4, 5 excluded;

s. 24 applied.

Applied generally outside

London, ss. 21, 29, 30, 38,

44, 58 applied to London

as adapted.

Part II, 2.

44, ss. 1 (2) (a),

7 (1) (c), 9,

sch. 2.

XXXIV

Effect of Legislation. 18 & 19 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

16 & 17 Geo.5:

c. 9

Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926.

S. 4 amended -

S. 13 (3) extended

14, ss. 21, 25 (3).

45, ss. 48 (2),

77.(5).

c. 20

Legitimacy Act,

1926.

S. 2 amended -

26, s. 19 (3),

sch. 1 Part IH.

c. 22

Finance Act, 1926

Sch. 1 in pt. repealed, Part

II (betting duty reduced),

s. 33 and sch. 2 am.

17, ss. 14, 19, 21,

36 (6) schs. 4,

6.

c. 25

Petroleum Act,

1926.

Repealed - -

32, s. 26, sch. 3.

c. 47

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ss. 13 (3) substituted, 29

(1) amended.

S. 29 applied ...

6.

44, s. 9 (3).

c. 53 -:

Merchandise Marks

Act, 1926.

See - - " -

19, s. 4 (2).

o. 62

Palestine and East

Africa Loans Act,

1926.

See .....

17, s. 32.

17 & 18 Geo.5:

c. 5

Sale of Food and

Drugs Act, 1927.

Repealed (Jan. 1, 1929) -

Hi

31, ss. 36-7, 38

(2), sch. 4.

o. 10

Finance Act, 1927

Sch. 4 in pt. repealed, ss. 6,

18, 65 (1) amended, 3 (1)

ext. and excl., s. 44 (3) (4)

applied.

17, ss. 5, 7, 8, 14,

17 (2), 31, 35

(6), sch. 6.

c. 14

Poor Law Act,

1927.

S. 202 restricted

9, s. 2 (3).

o. 20

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1927.

Ss. 1, 6, 7, 14 continued -

38, ss. 1, 6, 7, 16.

c. 29

Cinematograph

Films Act, 1927.

S BC • »

17, s. 7.

c. 37

Road Transport

Lighting Act,

1927.

S. 13 repealed ...

17, ss. 28, 35 (6),

sch. 6.

c. 41

Superannuation and

other Trust

Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

S. 9:ace ....

17, s. 30.

18 & 19 Geo.5:

e. 20

Petroleum (Amendment) Act, 1928.

Repealed ....

32, s. 26, sch. 3.

TABLE IV

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

[Index removed.]

