1928-9

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

Passed in

The Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the

Reign of His Majesty

King George the Fifth

Being the Fifth Session of the Thirty-fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of

Great Britain and Northern Ireland

* . And the

Church Assembly Measures

Which received the Royal Assent during that Session

wi , h 1 10302

Tables of the Titles

The Effect of Legislation

and an Index

°u b

" 110302 .

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTT1SWOODE, Lmited,

FOR WILLIAM RICHARD CODLING. Hse-. C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E.,

THE KING S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addresses:

Adastral House Kingsway, London, W.C.a: lM. George Street, Edinburgh;

York Street, Manchester; I, St. Andrew’s Crescent, Cardiff;

rs. Doncgall Square West, Belfast;

or through any Bookseller.

Prict lOr. JM>

CONTENTS.

Table. Page.

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts

PASSED DURING THE SESSION - C

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Measures passed by

the National Assembly of the Church of

England which received the Royal Assent

DURING THE SESSION.i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

III. The Effect of Legislation - - xlv

IV. Index to Acts and Measures - ] x; x

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL

ACTS

Passed in the Fifth Session of the Thirty-Fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland.

(November G, 1928—May 10, 1929.)

19 & 20 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1929.

19 GEORGE 5.

Royal Assent, 28th November, 1928.

1. An Act to provide that, for the purpose of the power of the Treasury to make advances to the Unemployment

Fund during the period ending on the thirty-first day

of December, one thousand nine hundred and thirty,

the total amount of the advances which may be outstanding during the deficiency period shall be increased

to forty million pounds. {Unemployment Insurance.)

Royal Assent, 19th December, 1928.

2. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1928 (Session 2).)

3. An Act to continue certain expiring laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

4. An Act to amend section sixteen of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919. (Electricity Supply.)

5. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local

loans out of the local loans fund, and for other purposes

relating to local loans. (Public Works Loans.)

6. An Act to enable a railway company to participate in the

provision of mail cargo and passenger services in the

Western Highlands and Islands of Scotland. (Western

Highlands and Islands (Transport Services).)

a 2

a

Table of the Statutes.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Royal Assent, 5th February, 1929.

7. An Act to authorise the sale of the telegraph undertakings

established under the Pacific ('able Acts, 1901 to 1924,

and the West Indian Islands (Telegraph) Act, 1924, ami

of certain submarine telegraph undertakings in the

possession of the Postmaster-General, and to make

provision for certain matters incidental thereto. (Imperial Telegraphs.)

8. An Act to make further provision with respect to the

constitution of the Judicial Committee of the Privy

Council and to authorise the appointment of an additional

Lord of Appeal in Ordinary. (Appellate J it ri-id id ion.)

9. An Act to amend the provisions of the Law of Property

Act, 1925, relating to relief against forfeiture of under

leases. (Lair of Property (Amcndnu nt).)

Royal Assent, 27th March, 1929.

10. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated

Fund to tire service of the years ending on the thirty -

first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and

twenty-eight, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-

nine, and one thousand nine hundred and thirty. (Consolidated Final (A "a. 2).)

11. An Act to amend the lav with respect to the pensions

of persons in the Diplomatic Service. (Superannuation

(Diplomatic Sendee).)

12. An Act to extend the periods during which guarantees

may respectively he given and remain in force under the

Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1920. (Overseas Trade.)

13. An Act to secure in Scotland by means of the formation

of a company and the assistance thereof out of public

funds the making of loans for agricultural purposes on

favourable terms, and to facilitate the borrowing of

money in Scotland on the security of agricultural assets;

and for purposes connected therewith. (Agricultural

Credits (Scotland).)

14. An Act to amend the Northern Ireland Land Act, 1925.

(Northern Ireland Land.)

15. An Act to empower the Secretary of State to make

regulations with respect to cotton cloth factories and

for purposes connected with the enforcement of the

enactments relating to such factories. (Factory and

Workshop (Cotton Cloth Factories).)

A.D. 1!>2!>.

Public (lent red Acts.

e

16. An Act to amend the law relating to the payment of pensions

to (hncrnors, and poisons hold in*' similar oliiee-., who

lane ser\ed within His Majesty'" Dominions, or in British

Protectorates, or Mandated Territories. (Pntsions ((lorn-

nors of Dominions, d-r.).)

17. An Act to amend the law' relating to the administration

of poor relief, legist i at ion of births, death, -., and marriages,

highways, town planning and local government; to

extend the application of the Hating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 15)2X, to hereditaments in which

no persons are employed; to grant complete or partial

relief from rates in the ease of the hereditaments to which

that Act applies; to discontinue certain grants from the

Exchequer and proride other grants in lieu thereof;

and for purposes consequential on the matters aforesaid.

{Local (amrnment.)

18. An Act to eonlirm and give effect to an agreement made

between the ’Treasury and tin* Ministry of Finance for

Northern Ireland for continuing the agreement set foith

in tilt- Unemployment insurante (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 15120. (('nemjdoi/nnnf Insurance (Xorl/utn

Ireland Ayreenv nt).)

19. An Act to amend subsection (2) of section fourteen of the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 11)27, by extending to

twenty-four months the period of twelve months therein

mentioned. (I'nmqdoynient insurance {Transitional Provisions Amendment).)

Royal Assent, 2.7m April, 1925b

20. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the

Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air Force.

(Army and Air Force (Annual).)

Royal Assent, 10th May’, 15)25).

21. An Act to re-impose income tax and to apply with respect

to income tax and the annual value of property the like

provisions (subject to the exception of certain temporary

provisions contained in the Finance Act, 15)20, and the

Finance Act, 15)27) as were applied in the last preceding

year, to continue the* duties of customs charged by

section seven of the Finance Act, 15)2.0, on hops, preparations of hops and beer, and the additional excise drawback

payable under the said section, to impose a duty of customs

on hop oil, to apply section ninety-eight of the Customs

Consolidation Act, 1 S7<>, to hops, and to repeal the duty

of excise payable on bets made with a bookmaker, the

railway passenger duty, and the duty of customs on tea.

(Finance.)

/ Table of the Statutes. 1!) & 20 Geo. 5.

22. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to

the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day

of March, one thousand nine hundred and thirty, and to

appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

23. An Act to consolidate the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1928,

and certain other enactments connected with the said

Acts. (Companies.)

24. An Act to amend the law with respect to gas undertakings,

and for purposes connected therewith. (Gas Undertakings.)

25. An Act to transfer to county councils and to the town

councils of certain burghs in Scotland functions of existing

local authorities relating to poor relief, lunacy and mental

deficiency, education, public health, and other matters;

to amend the law relating to local government in Scotland;

to extend the application of the Rating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928, to lands and heritages in

which no persons are employed, to net and cruive salmon

fishings and to minerals let hut unworked; to grant

relief from rates in the case of the lands and heritages

in Scotland to which that Act applies; to discontinue

grants from the Exchequer for certain purposes in Scotland

and to provide other grants in lieu thereof; and for

purposes consequential on the matters aforesaid. (Local

Govern meat (Scotland).)

26. An Act to grant complete exemption from rates during the

current half-year in the case of agricultural hereditaments

in England to which the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, applies; and for purposes in connection

therewith. (Agricultural Rates.)

27. An Act to amend the Iaw r relating to Savings Banks,

Savings Bank Annuities, and the Post Office Register.

(Savings Banks.)

28. An Act to permit the issue by Friendly Societies and

Industrial Assurance Companies of policies of assurance

on the duration of certain lives for a specified period,

to validate certain endowment policies issued by such

societies and companies, to exclude repayments of premiums

under endowment policies from the computation of the

maximum sums which may be paid on death by such

societies and companies, and to make provision as to the

rights of owners of certain endowment policies upon the

surrender thereof. (Industrial Assurance and Friendly

Societies.)

29. An Act to consolidate the Government Annuities Acts,

1829 to 1888, and the enactments amending those Acts.

(Government Annuities.)

A.D. 1929.

Public General Acts.

g

30. An Act to prevent difficulties arising in the event of the

office of stipendiary magistrate for Chatham and Sheerness not being tilled. (Chatham and Sheer ness Stipendiary

Magistrate.)

31. An Act to enable the Council of the Pharmaceutical Society

of Great Britain to make byelaws providing for the

registration, without examination, of persons registered

as pharmaceutical chemists in Northern Ireland. (Pharmacy.)

32. An Act to regulate the sale and manufacture of artificial

cream. (Artificial Cream.)

33. An Act to enable highway authorities and the owners

of bridges carrying public carriage roads to make agreements with respect to the maintenance, improvement,

reconstruction and transfer of such bridges, and of the

approaches thereto and the roads carried thereby; to

empower the Minister of Transport, in the absence of

any such agreement, to make orders with respect to the

matters aforesaid and for purposes incidental to the

making of such agreements and orders. (Bridges.)

34. An Act to amend the law' with regard to the destruction

of children at or before birth. (Infant Life (Preservation).)

35. An Act to amend section eighteen of the Fire Brigade

Pensions Act, 1925. (Fire Brigade Pensions.)

36. An Act to make void marriages between persons either

of w'hom is under the age of sixteen. (Age of Marriage.)

37. An Act to amend the Police Magistrates (Superannuation)

Act, 1915, so far as relates to Metropolitan Police Magistrates. (Police Magistrates Superannuation (Amendment).)

38. An Act to declare the law r with respect to the issue of process

by justices for compelling the attendance of witnesses

in bastardy proceedings. (Bastardy (Witness Process).)

39. An Act to amend section thirty-two of the Salmon and

Freshw'ater Fisheries Act, 1923. (Salmon- and Freshwater

Fisheries (Amendment).)

1

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[19 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to provide that, for the purpose of the

power of the Treasury to make advances to the

Unemployment Fund during the period ending on

the thirty-first day of December, one thousand

nine hundred and thirty, the total amount of the

advances which may be outstanding during the

deficiency period shall be increased to forty

million pounds.

[28th November 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The limit on the amount, which may be out- increase of

standing during the deficiency period, of the advances limit on

to be made by the Treasury for the purpose of discharging Treasury

the liabilities of the unemployment fund under the a vanoes>

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1927, shall be

increased to forty million pounds:

Provided that after the thirty-first day of December,

nineteen hundred and thirty, no further advances shall

be made unless and until the amount of the advances

outstanding has been reduced below thirty million

pounds, and thereafter the amount of advances outstanding at any time during the deficiency period shall

not exceed thirty million pounds.

A

2

CBort title,

construction

and extent.

Issue of

1, 675, 710Z.

out of the

Consolidated

Fund for the

service of the

year ending

31st March

1929.

Power for

the Treasury

to borrow.

Ch. 1, 2. Unemployment Insurance 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

2. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1928, and shall be construed as one with

the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1927, and

those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1928.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and twenty-nine.

[19th December 1928.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto

Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do

therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it

may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, the sum of

one million five hundred and seventy-five thousand

seven hundred and ten pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole one million five

1928. Consolidated Fund Ch. 2, 3. 3

(No. 1) Act, 1928. (Session 2.)

hundred and seventy-five thousand seven hundred and

ten pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued

under this section shall be a date not later than the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and twenty-nine, and section six of the Treasury Bills 40 & 41 Vict.

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall c. 2.

not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing

produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which

the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Short title.

(No. 1) Act, 1928 (Session 2).

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[19th December 1928.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act are, in so far as they are in force and

are temporary in their duration, limited to expire, as

respects those mentioned in Parts I. and II. of that

Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight; as respects those mentioned

in Part III. thereof, on the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine; and, as respects

those mentioned in Part IV. thereof, in England on

the twenty-fifth day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, and in Scotland on the twenty-eighth day

of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

4 Ch. 3. Expiring Laws Continuance 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Continuance 1.—(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the

of Acts in Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in

Schedule. column three of that Schedule, be continued until the

thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine and shall then expire, unless further

continued.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule

to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three

of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day

of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, and shall

then expire, unless further continued.

(3) The Acts mentioned in Part III. of the Schedule

to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three

of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and thirty, and shall then

expire, unless further continued.

(4) The Acts mentioned in Part IV. of the Schedule

to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three

of that Schedule, be continued in England until the

twenty-fifth day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and in Scotland until the twenty-eighth

day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty.

(5) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting

the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far

as they are temporary in their duration, be continued

in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the

Schedule to this Act or not.

Short title 2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring

and apphca- Laws Continuance Act, 1928.

Northern (2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in

Ireland. so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a

subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has not power to make laws, but subject to this

provision this Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

1928

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1928.

Ch. 3.

5

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1 .

2.

3.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(1)

46 & 47 Vict,

c. GO.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The whole Aet

(2)

58 & 59 Vict,

c. 21.

, (3)

4Edw.7. c.24.

The Seal Fisheries

(North Pacific)

Act, 1895.

The Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904.

The whole Act

The whole Act

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 59.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 48.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 71.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 7.

59 & GO Vict

e. 53.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 37.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

7 Edw. 7.

O '\ \

9 Edw. 7.

c. 42.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 55.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 10.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

15 & lGGeo.5.

c. 67.

16 & 17 Geo.5.

c. 54.

6

Ch. 3.

Expiring Laws Continuance 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(4)

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

The Goal Mines

The whole Act

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 2.

(Minimum Wage)

Act, 1912.

c. 50.

(• r >)

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 3.

The Grey Seals Protection Act, 1914.

The whole Act.

(6)

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

The Courts (Emer-

So far as it relates

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 78.

gency Powers)

to orders made by

c. 13.

G)

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1914.

any court before

the thirty-first

day of August,

nineteen hundred

and twenty-two.

1

0 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 18.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

9 & 10 Geo.5.

c. 64.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 5.

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 8.

The Local Govern-

Sections six, seven,

and nine; subsection (7) of section

thirteen; paragraph (3) of section twenty-two.

c. 12.

nient (Emergency

Provisions) Act,

1916.

(8)

i

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

The Local Govern-

The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo.5

c. 55.

ment (Emergency

Provisions) (No. 2)

Act, 1910.

c. 12.

(9)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 92.

The Aliens liestric-

tion (Amendment)

Act, 1919.

Section one.

(10)

i

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Land Settle-

Sections one and

12 & 13 Geo.5.

c. 97.

ment (Scotland)

Act, 1919.

two.

c. 52.

1928,

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1928.

Ch. 3,

7

1 .

2.

3.

4.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How far continued.

Amending Acts.

(ID

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Ministry of

So far as it autho-

c. 47.

Food (Continu-

rises the making,

ance) Act, 1920.

or revoking in

whole or in part,

of Part III. of the Sale of Food

Order, 1921, and

provides for the

enforcement and

imposes penalties

for the breach

thereof.

(12)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Unemployment

The whole Act.

c. 57.

(Relief Works)

Act, 1920.

(13)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Employment of

Section two.

c. 65.

Women, Young

Persons and

Children Act,

1920.

(U)

11 & 12 Geo.5.1

Poor Law Emer-

The whole Act

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 64.

gency Provisions

c.

(Scotland) Act,

14 & 15 Geo.5.

1921.

c. 9.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

o. 35,

17 Geo. 5. c.3.

(15)

17 Geo. 5. c.3.

Poor Law Emer-

Sections one, three

gency Provisions

(Scotland) Act,

and five.

1927.

Part II.

(16) |

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Statutory Un-

So far as it relates

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 34.

dertakings (Tem-

to tramway under-

c. 14.

porary Increase

of Charges) Act,

1918.

takings.

Ch. 3. Expiring Lavjs Continuance 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1928.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(17)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 21.

The Harbours, Docks

and Piers (Temporary Increase

of Charges) Act,

1920.

The whole Act

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

c. 23.

(18)

12 & 13 Gco.5.

c. 27.

The Canals (Continuance of Charging Powers) Act,

1922.

The whole Act

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 2.

(19)

14 & 15 Geo.5.

c. 34.

The London Traffic

Act, 1924.

The whole Act.

Part III.

(20)

59 & GO Vict.

The Agricultural

The whole Act

2 Edw. 7.

c. 1G.

Rates Act, 1896.

c. 42.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 39.

15 & 16 Gco.5.

c. 10.

(21)

59 & GO Vict.

The Agricultural

The whole Act

60 & 61 Vict.

c. 37.

Rates, Congested

Districts, and

Burgh Land Tax

Relief (Scotland)

Act, 1896.

c. 53.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 49.

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 39.

16 & 17 Geo.5.

c. 47.

(22)

13 & 14 Geo.5.

The Agricultural

The whole Act,

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 39.

Rates Act, 1923.

except section

fifteen.

c. 10.

16 & 17 Geo.5.

e. 47.

1928.

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1928.

Ch. 3, 4.

9

Part IV.

1 .

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(23)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Increase of Rent

The whole Act

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 17.

and Mortgage In-

e. 32.

terest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

1

j

14 & 15 Geo.5.

c. 18.

15 & lGGeo.5.

c. 32.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to amend section sixteen of the Electricity

(Supply) Act, 1919.

[19th December 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section sixteen of the Electricity (Supply) Act,

1919, shall have effect as if the words "before the said

eighth day of May " wherever they occur in that section

were omitted.

2. This Act may be cited as the Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1928, and shall be construed as one with the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1926, and those Acts and

this Act may be cited as the Electricity (Supply) Acts,

1882 to 1928.

Amendment

of 9 & 10

Geo. 5.

c. 100, s. 10.

Short title

and construction.

10

Ch. 5.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1928.

19 Ueo. 5.

Grants for

public

works.

50 & 51

Vict. c. 10.

Certain

debts not to

be reckoned

as assets of

local loans

fund.

Remission

of balance

of principal

and interest

in respect of

certain local

loans.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain

local loans out of the local loans fund, and for

other purposes relating to local loans.

[19th December 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, hr this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There may be issued by the National Debt

Commissioners for the purpose of local loans by the

Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not

exceeding in the whole the sum of thirty-five million

pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a

period ending on the day on which a further Act granting

money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National

Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the

several local loans specified in the Table contained in the

Schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified in

the last column of that Table, not be reckoned as assets

of the local loans fund established under the National

Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans to the

extent aforesaid shall be written off from the assets

of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section

fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply

thereto.

3. Whereas it is provided by the last preceding

section of this Act that the principal of the local loans

specified in the Table contained in the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent of the sums respectively specified

in the last column of that Table, be written off from the

assets of the local loans fund:

And whereas the said sums constitute respectively

the balances remaining unpaid out of the total amounts

advanced, and are irrecoverable:

1928.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1928.

Ch. 5, 6.

11

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loans shall,

to the extent aforesaid, be extinguished and all arrears

of interest thereon shall be remitted.

4 . This Act may be cited as the Public Works

Loans Act, 1928.

SCHEDULE.

Loans by Public Works Loan Commissioners

UNDER THE AGRICULTURAL CREDITS ACT, 1923.

Name of Borrower.

Amount of

Loan.

Amount to be

written oS.

£ s. d.

Joseph Harold Clark ...

3, 825

127 8 5

William Edward Dannatt

3, 270

S45 10 8

William Denson -

6, 750

242 10 2

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to enable a railway company to participate

in the provision of mail cargo and passenger

services in the Western Highlands and Islands

of Scotland.

[19th December 1928.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty *

by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

1.—(1) If there is incorporated, whether before or

after the passing of this Act, a company having for its

principal objects the provision of mail cargo and passenger

services hi the Western Highlands and Islands of Scotland,

and the acquisition of the assets of any company which

prior to such incorporation provided such services, it

Short title.

Sections 2

and 3.

Authorisation of

railway

company to

hold shares,

&c., in

company

12

providing

transport

services in

the Western

Highlands

and Islands

of Scotland.

Short title.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 9.

Ch. 6, 7. Western Highlands and 19 Geo. 5.

Islands (Transport Services) Act, 1928.

shall be lawful for the Minister of Transport, after

consultation with the Secretary of State, by order, to

authorise any railway company therein specified to hold

shares, stock or debentures hi or of any such company

so incorporated to such amount as may be specified in

the order, and on any such order being made, the railway

company so authorised may, notwithstanding anything

contained hi any enactment, subscribe for, take and

hold such shares, stock or debentures to such amount

as aforesaid, and may, with the assent of the Mhiister of

Transport and of such company, provide hi the Western

Highlands and Islands of Scotland any such services as

aforesaid by sea, air or land which it would have been

competent for such company to provide, and may apply

for or towards the purposes of any power conferred hi

pursuance of this subsection any sums of money which

such railway company have raised or may raise in

pursuance of any enactment and which are not required

for the purposes to which they are by such enactment

made specially applicable.

(2) Any order made under the foregoing subsection

may, on application by the railway company, be amended

or varied by a subsequent order.

2. This Act may be cited as the Western Highlands

and Islands (Transport Services) Act, 1928.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to authorise the sale of the telegraph

undertakings established under the Pacific Cable

Acts, 1901 to 1924, and the West Indian Islands

(Telegraph) Act, 1924, and of certain submarine

telegraph undertakings in the possession of the

Postmaster-General, and to make provision for

certain matters incidental thereto.

[5th February 1929.]

WHEREAS by the Pacific Cable Acts, 1901 to 1924,

VV which were consolidated with amendments by

the Pacific Cable Act, 1927, the Pacific Cable Board (in

this Act referred to as " the Board ") was constituted

1929. Imperial Telegraphs Act, 1929. Ch. 7. 13

for the construction and working of a trans-pacific cable

undertaking (in this Act referred to as " the Pacific Cable

undertaking "):

And whereas the Treasury in pursuance of the

powers conferred by the said Acts borrowed from the

National Debt Commissioners for the purpose of

defraying the cost of construction of the said undertaking certain money (in this Act referred to as "the

Pacific Cable loan"), which is repayable under the

provisions of the said Acts by means of terminable

annuities charged on and payable out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce

thereof:

And whereas it was arranged that any sums required

for the repayment of the Pacific Cable loan and for the

annual expenses of the Board, so far as not covered by

receipts, should be ultimately provided by the several

Governments (in this Act referred to as " the partner

Governments ") mentioned in the First Schedule to the

Pacific Cable Act, 1927, and represented on the Board in

the proportions mentioned in that Schedule, and that

any profits of the Board should be divided between the

partner Governments in the same proportions:

And whereas in pursuance of the West Indian Islands 14 & 15

(Telegraph) Act, 1924, the Treasury borrowed from the Geo. 5. c. 14.

National Debt Commissioners for the purpose of defraying

the costs of the construction or provision of a certain

cable and wireless telegraph undertaking in the West

Indian Islands (in this Act referred to as " the West

Indian undertaking") certain other money (in this Act

referred to as "the West Indian Telegraph loan ") which

is repayable under the provisions of the last-mentioned

Act by means of terminable annuities charged on and

payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United

Kingdom or the growing produce thereof:

And whereas it was arranged that any sum required

for the repayment of the West Indian Telegraph loan

and for the annual expenses of working the West Indian

Undertaking should, so far as not covered by receipts, be

ultimately provided by the Governments of the various

parts of His Majesty’s dominions mentioned in the

Schedule to the last-mentioned Act in the proportions

therein specified and that any profits arising from the

working of that undertaking should be divided between

those Governments in the same proportions:

14 Ch. 7. Imperial Telegraphs Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

And whereas the Board in pursuance of section eight

of the Pacific Cable Act, 1927, have undertaken as agents

the management of the West Indian undertaking:

And whereas the Postmaster-General possesses two

transatlantic cable undertakings (hereinafter referred

to as " the Imperial Transatlantic Cable undertakings "):

And whereas a Conference of representatives of the

partner Governments and of certain other Governments

of His Majesty’s dominions and colonies was appointed

to examine the situation which had arisen as a result

of the competition of the Beam Wireless with the Cable

Services, to report thereon and to make recommendations with -a view to a common policy being adopted

by the various Governments concerned:

And whereas it was recommended by the said

Conference that a company to be formed (called by the

said Conference and hereinafter referred to as " the

Communications Company ") should take over, as from

the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, the Pacific Cable undertaking, the West Indian

undertaking and the Imperial Transatlantic Cable

undertakings:

And whereas it was further recommended by the

said Conference that the Communications Company

should pay certain capital sums for the said undertakings

and should also assume responsibility for the payment

of the annuities created to repay the Pacific Cable

loan:

And whereas it is expedient to enable the said

recommendations to be carried into effect and to make

provision for certain matters incidental thereto:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Sale of 1. The Board, with the consent of and on terms

Pacific Cable approved by all the partner Governments, may sell

under- the Pacific Cable undertaking to the Communications

taking. Company as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight, and if the recommendations aforesaid

1929.

Imperial Telegraphs Act, 1929.

Ch. 7.

I

with respect to the said undertaking are carried into effect

the following provisions shall come into operation:—

(a) The amount of the share of His Majesty’s

Government in the United Kingdom in the

capital sum paid by the Communications Company for the said undertaking (including any

interest payable thereon) shall be paid to the

Treasury;

(b) All sums paid by the Communications Company

on account of the annuities created to repay the

Pacific Cable loan shall be paid to the National

Debt Commissioners and applied by them in

discharge of the said annuities, but the said

annuities shall, unless provided for as aforesaid

or otherwise, continue to be charged on and

paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United

Kingdom or the growing produce thereof;

(c) Sections three, four, five, six and seven of the

Pacific Cable Act, 1927, shall be deemed to

have been repealed as from the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall

affect the operation of the said sections in

relation to anything required to be done in

relation to the year ending on the date aforesaid.

2. The Board, acting as agents as aforesaid, may. Sale of

with the consent of and on terms approved by the West

Governments mentioned in the Schedule to the West Indian un-

Indian Islands (Telegraph) Act, 1924, sell the West ‘Staking.

Indian undertaking to the Communications Company as

from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, and if the recommendations aforesaid with respect

to the said undertaking are carried into effect the

following provisions shall come into operation :—

(a) The capital sum paid by the Communications

Company for the said undertaking shall be

paid to the National Debt Commissioners and

shall be applied by the Commissioners hi

reduction of the West Indian Telegraph loan,

and as from the date of such payment the

annuities created to repay that loan shall be

re-calculated and reduced accordingly;

16

Ch. 7.

Imperial Telegraphs Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

Dissolution

of Pacific

Cable Board.

Rale of the

Imperial

Transatlantic

Cable undertakings.

(b) The said annuities, re-calculated and reduced as

aforesaid, shall, unless otherwise provided for,

continue to be charged on and paid out of the

Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or

the growing produce thereof;

(c.) Sections one, three, four and five of the West

Indian Islands (Telegraph) Act, 1924, shall be

deemed to have been Repealed as from the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall

affect the operation of the said sections in

relation to anything required to be done in

relation to the year ending on the date aforesaid.

3. —(1) If the Pacific Cable undertaking and the West

Indian undertaking are taken over as aforesaid, then, as

from the appointed day, the whole of the Pacific Cable

Act, 1927, and the West Indian Islands (Telegraph) Act,

1924, shall be repealed and the Board shall be dissolved:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect the

said arrangement for the ultimate provision by the

Governments mentioned in the Schedule to the West

Indian Islands (Telegraph) Act, 1924, of any sums

required for the repayment of the West Indian

Telegraph loan.

(2) The appointed day for the purposes of this

section shall be such day as may be fixed by Order of

His Majesty in Council.

4. The Postmaster-General may sell to the Communications Company the Imperial Transatlantic Cable

undertakings as from the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, on such terms as the Treasury

may approve and any sums paid by the said Communications Company as the price of the said

undertakings shall be paid to the Treasury.

5. This Act may be cited as the Imperial Telegraphs

Act, 1929.

Short title.

1929.

Appellate Jurisdiction

Act, 1929.

Ch. 8.

1 ?

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to make further provision with respect to

the constitution of the Judicial Committee of the

Privy Council and to authorise the appointment

of an additional Lord of Appeal in Ordinary.

[5th February 1929.]

BE it enacted by the.King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) His Majesty may by letters patent appoint

two persons qualified as provided in this section to be

members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council,

and may from time to time fill any vacancies caused by

death or otherwise in the offices of the persons so

appointed.

(2) A person shall be qualified under this section if

he is a Privy Councillor and is or has been a judge of a

court which is a High Court within the meaning of

clause (24) of section three of an Act of the Indian

Legislature known as the General Clauses Act, 1897, or

is a barrister, advocate or vakil of not less than fourteen

years’ standing who practices or has practised in British

India.

(3) A person appointed a member of the Judicial

Committee under this section shall hold his office during

good behaviour subject to a power of removal by His

Majesty on an address presented to His Majesty by both

Houses of Parliament, but shall retire therefrom on

attaining the age of seventy-two years.

(4) There shall be paid to each person appointed a

member of the Judicial Committee under this section

a 3 T early salary of two thousand pounds, and the said

salary shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(5) If provision is made for the payment to any

such person out of the revenues of India of any sum, not

B

Power to

appoint

Indian

judges, &c.

as additional

members

of the

Judicial

Committee.

18

Ch. 8.

Appellate Jurisdiction

Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

3 & 4 Will. 4.

c. 41.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 70.

Additional

Lord of

Appeal.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 59.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

Short title.

exceeding two thousand pounds, by way of increase of

salary, that sum may be received by that person, and his

salary shall be treated as being increased accordingly.

(6) His Majesty may, by Letters Patent, grant to

any person appointed a member of the Judicial Committee under this section who having served as such

member for a period of five years or upwards—

(a) retires on attaining the age of seventy-two; or

(b) is, before attaining such age as aforesaid, disabled

by permanent infirmity from discharging the

duties of his office;

a pension by way of annuity to be continued during his

life of one thousand pounds a year, and any such pension

shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof.

(7) Section thirty of the Judicial Committee Act.

1833, and section four of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act,

1887, shall be repealed, but nothing in this repeal shall,

in the case of any person who at the passing of this Act

is entitled undei those sections to attend the sittings of the Judicial Committee, affect his right so to attend, or

the payment to him of the allowance which at the passing

of this Act he is receiving under those sections.

2. His Majesty may appoint one Lord of Appeal

in Ordinary in addition to the six Lords of Appeal in

Ordinary whom He may appoint by virtue of the

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, as amended by the

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1913, and the provisions of

section six of the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876 (as

amended by any subsequent enactment) with respect

to the appointment of Lords of Appeal in Ordinary and

their duties, tenure of office, rank, position, salary and

pension shall apply to the making of appointments and

to persons appointed under this section.

3. This Act may be cited as the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1929.

1929. Law of Property (Amendment) Ch. 9, 10. 19

Act, 1929.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Law of

Property Act, 1925, relating to relief against

forfeiture of under-leases.

[5th February 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Nothing in subsection (8 ), subsection (9) or sub- Relief of

section (10) of section one hundred and forty-six of the under-lessees

Law of Property Act, 1925 (which relates to restrictions against

on and relief against forfeiture of leases and under-leases), covenant

shall affect the provisions of subsection (4) of the said Q eo 5 ’

section. c. 20 .

2. This Act may be cited as the Law of Property short title.

(Amendment) Act, 1929, and the Law of Property Act,

1925, the Law of Property (Amendment) Act, 1926, so 16 & 17

far as it amends that Act, and this Act may be cited Geo. 5. c. 11.

together as the Law of Property Acts, 1925 to 1929.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending

on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand

nine hundred and twenty-eight, one thousand

nine hundred and twenty-nine, and one thousand

nine hundred and thirty.

[27th March 1929.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament have resolved to grant unto Your

Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be

20

Ch. 10.

Issue of

1, 998, 247/.

18s. Id. out

of the Consolidated

Fund for the

service of the years

ending 31st

March 1928

and 1929.

Issue of

109, 488, 100/.

out of the

Consolidated Fund

for the service of the

year ending

31st March

1930.

Power for

the Treasury

to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

enacted, and be it enacted by the Kin g’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight and one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine, the sum of one

million nine hundred and ninety-eight thousand two

hundred and forty-seven pounds eighteen sh illin gs and

sevenpence.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the tlnrty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty, the sum of one

hundred and sixty-nine million four hundred and eighty-

eight thousand one hundred pounds.

3. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or- sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and

seventy-one million four hundred and eighty-six thousand

three hundred and forty-seven pounds eighteen shillings

and sevenpence.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877

(which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply

with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce

of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the

next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was

borrowed.

1929. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Ch. 10, 11. 21

Act, 1929.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and

shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Short title.

(No. 2) Act, 1929.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the

pensions of persons in the Diplomatic Service.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Pensions of

Diplomatic Salaries, &c. Act, 1869, shall cease to have persons in

effect, and accordingly the provisions of the Superannua- t ie ^depletion Acts, 1834 to 1919, shall apply to persons in the

diplomatic service as they apply to other persons in the 32 & 33

permanent civil service of the State, subject, however, to Vict. c. 43.

the following modifications :—

(a) The salaries and emoluments on which superannuation allowances are to be calculated shall,

in the case of persons serving abroad, be such

as the Treasury may determine having regard

to the salaries and emoluments of persons serving

in corresponding grades in the department of the Secretary of State:

(b) If the Secretary of State certifies that it was

necessary, in the interests of diplomatic relations,

to recall from his mission a person serving abroad

as ambassador, minister or high commissioner,

and if, in the opinion of the Treasury, it is, for

reasons outside the control of that person,

22

Ch. 11.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 10.

Superannuation (Diplomatic 19 Geo. 5.

Service) Act, 1929.

impracticable to find suitable employment for

him in the public service, the Treasury may

grant to him such superannuation allowance,

additional allowance or gratuity as might have

been awarded if at the date of his recall he

had been a person incapable from permanent

infirmity of mind or body of discharging the

duties of his office:

(c) If a person serving abroad is by reason of war or

any interruption of diplomatic relations withdrawn from service before he has become eligible

for the award of a superannuation allowance,

and it is, in the opinion of the Treasury,

impracticable to find suitable employment for

him in the public service, the Treasury may, on

the recommendation of the Secretary of State,

award to him a temporary allowance equal to

the amount of the superannuation allowance,

if any, (but not including any additional allowance under subsection (2) of section one of the

Superannuation Act, 1909), which might have

been granted to him if at the date of his

withdrawal he had been a person incapable

from permanent infirmity of mind or body of

discharging the duties of his office;

If any person dies while in receipt of a

temporary allowance granted under the foregoing provision, he shall be deemed to have died

while still employed in the public service:

(d) Every existing member of the diplomatic service

shall, for the purposes of section one of the

Superannuation Act, 1909, be deemed to have

entered the service after the date of the

passing of that Act notwithstanding that he

w r as appointed to the diplomatic service before

that date, and the amount of the lump sum

which under subsection (2) of section one of the

Superannuation Act, 1909, may be granted by

way of additional allowance on retirement shall,

in the case of an existing member of the

diplomatic service, be increased by one-half per

cent, in respect of each completed year he had

served at the passing of this Act.

1929. Superannuation (Diplomatic Ch. 11.

Service) Act, 1929.

2. — (1) An existing member of the diplomatic service may give notice that he desires to remain subject

to the provisions of the Diplomatic Salaries, &c. Act,

1869, and section one of this Act shall not apply as

respects any person by whom notice is so given.

(2) A notice for the purposes of this section must

be in such form, and must be given within such period,

as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State with the

approval of the Treasury.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Superannuation (Diplomatic Service) Act, 1929.

(2) In this Act—

The expression "minister" means envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary, minister

plenipotentiary, minister resident, charge

d’affaires in some foreign State where no other

diplomatic representative is usually appointed

to reside on behalf of His Majesty, or agent and

consul-general hi some foreign State where the

duties of the person holding the office have been

generally of a political character:

The expression "existing member of the diplomatic

" service" means a person to whom immediately

before the commencement of this Act the

Diplomatic Salaries, &c. Act, 1869, applied, or

a person who having been appointed a member

of the diplomatic service at any time after the

first day of April, nineteen hundred and nineteen, was such a member immediately before

the commencement of this Act, whether he wa9

or was not a person to whom the said Act so

applied.

(3) If any question arises whether a person is or at

any time was a member of the diplomatic service or w?is

a person to whom the Diplomatic Salaries, &c. Act, 1869,

applied, that question shall be determined by the

Treasury after consultation with the Secretary of State,

and the decision of the Treasury thereon shall be final.

23

Saving fos

existing

members of

diplomatic

service.

.Short title

and interpretation.

24

Ch. 12, 13.

Overseas Trade Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5 .

Extension

of periods

duringwhich

guarantees

may be given

and remain

in force.

Short title.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to extend the periods during which

guarantees may respectively be given and

remain in force under the Overseas Trade Acts,

1920 to 1926.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The period within which new guarantees may be

given under the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1926, shall

be extended so as to expire on the eighth day of September,

nineteen hundred and thirty-one, and the period during

which guarantees given under the said Acts (including

renewed guarantees) may remain in force shall be extended

so as to expire on the eighth day of September, nineteen

hundred and thirty-six.

2. This Act may be cited as the Overseas Trade

Act, 1929, and the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1926,

and this Act may be cited together as the Overseas

Trade Acts, 1920 to 1929.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to secure in Scotland by means of the

formation of a company and the assistance

thereof out of public funds the making of loans

for agricultural purposes on favourable terms,

and to facilitate the borrowing of money in

Scotland on the security of agricultural assets;

and for purposes connected therewith.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

1929. Agricultural Credits (Scotland) Ch. 13.

Act, 1929.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Long Term Credits.

1.—(1) With a view to the incorporation of a

company having for its principal objects—

(a) the making of loans on heritable securities over

agricultural land;

(b) the making of loans under the Improvement of

Lands Acts, 1864 and 1899, for agricultural

purposes:

and with a view to securing that loans by such a company shall be made on terms most favourable to the

borrowers, it shall be lawful for the Department of

Agriculture for Scotland (hereinafter referred to as

the Department) with the approval of the Treasury

to undertake that, if such a company having such

objects and complying with the provisions hereinafter

contained is incorporated, they will—

(i) make advances to the company (for the purpose

of establishing a guarantee fund) not exceeding

in the aggregate one hundred and twenty-five

thousand pounds, and not at any time exceeding

in the aggregate the amount at that time of the paid-up share capital of the company;

such advances—

(a) to be payable in instalments so, however, that the aggregate amount paid shall

not exceed—

On incorporation of the company 40,000

By 1st October 1929 - - 85,000

By 1st October 1930 - - 125,000

(b) to be free from interest for a period of

sixty years, and thereafter to carry interest

at such rate, not exceeding the average yield

of such Government funded stocks, as the

Treasury from time to time may determine;

(ii) make payments of one thousand seven hundred

and fifty pounds per annum for ten years as

contributions towards the cost of the administration of the company.

Power to

make

advances,

&c. to agricultural

security

company.

26

Ch. 13.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 16.

Provisions

as to

company.

Agricultural Cn dit* (Scotland) 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(2) The Treasury may agree to procure the underwriting of debentures to be issued by the company as

hereinafter mentioned to such aggregate amount as

may be necessary to raise a sum not exceeding eight

hundred thousand pounds.

(3) The Treasury may subscribe to debentures to

be issued by the company to an amount not exceeding

one-fourth of each issue of debentures, and not exceeding in the aggregate two hundred thousand pounds, and

any such subscriptions shall be deemed to be a local loan

within the meaning of the National Debt and Local

Loans Act, 1887, and that Act shall apply accordingly.

(4) Such sums not exceeding in the whole the sum

of one hundred and thirty-five thousand pounds as may

be required for the purpose of making such advances as

aforesaid or for procuring the underwriting of debentures

as aforesaid shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund

or the growing produce thereof at such times and to such

amounts as the Treasury think fit.

(5) The sums payable towards the cost of the administration of the company shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament.

(6) Any sums paid by the company by way of

repayment of or interest on advances made by the

Department shall be paid to the Exchequer.

2.—(1) The company to be so formed as aforesaid

shall be a company limited by shares and registered under

the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1917.

(2) The Memorandum and Articles of the company

shall be subject to the approval of the Department

and shall contain such provisions as are hereinafter

mentioned, and shall not be alterable without the

approval of the Department.

(3) The Memorandum or Articles of the company

shall make provision—

(a) for securing that of the directors, one shall

be a person nominated by the Treasury so long

as any part of the advances made by the

Department remains outstanding;

(b) for restricting the dividends on the share capital

of the company to five per cent, per annum;

1929. Agricultural Credits (Scotland) Ch. 13. 27

Act, 1929.

(c) for regulating the loans to be made by the

company on heritable security, so that a

loan shall in no case exceed two-thirds of the

estimated value of the security subjects at

the time of the loan, and that the loans shall

be repayable by equal yearly or half-yearly

instalments of capital and interest spread over

a period not exceeding sixty years, or repayable

on such other terms as may be authorised by

the said Memorandum or Articles;

(d) for empowering the company for the purpose

of making loans to raise money by means of the issue of debentures;

(e) for the creation of suitable reserve funds, and

as to the investment and application of the

sums standing to the credit of those funds;

(f) for regulating the use of the guarantee fund

to which the advances made by the Department

are to be carried;

(g) for requiring the company to supply to the

Department copies of balance sheets and profit-

and-loss accounts;

(h) for the repayment of the advances made by

the Department; so, however, that provision

shall be made—

(i) that if, at the expiration of fifteen

years from the incorporation of the company,

the advances made by the Department to

the guarantee fund exceed seven-and-a-half

per cent, of the aggregate amount of the loans

made by the company on heritable securities

and land charges up to that date, the excess

shall, if the Department so require, be repaid;

(ii) that in any year, after thirty years,

from the incorporation of the company, in

which the total reserves including the guarantee fund (but excluding the share capital)

exceed seven-and-a-half per cent, of the

liabilities (other than share capital and

guarantee fund), there shall be allocated to

the repayment of the guarantee fund one-half

of the profits remaining after paying the

maximum dividend on the share capital;

28

Ch. 13.

Debentures of the company

to be authorised

trust investment.

II & 12 Geo. 6.

c 58.

15 Geo. 6. c. 19.

Application

of excess

reserves.

Agricultural

charges.

Agricultural Credits (Scotland)19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(i) for providing that in the event of the company

being wound up, the liability of the company to

the Department for the amount of the advances

outstanding shall rank after other liabilities

of the company to creditors, and that if, after

the discharge of such other liabilities, the sum

available is insufficient to pay the sums so

outstanding and the paid-up share capital in

full, the sum so available shall be divided

between the Department and shareholders in the

proportion which the amount of the outstanding

advances of the Department bears to the amount

of the paid-up share capital of the company.

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act,

references to debentures shall include references to

debenture stock and references to shares and shareholders shall include references to stock and stockholders.

3. Debentures issued by the company shall be

included amongst the securities in which a trustee may

invest trust funds under the powers of section ten of the

Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, or section one of the Trustee

Act, 1925.

4. If, after the repayment of the advances made

by the Department to the guarantee fund, the reserves

increase more rapidly than is required for the maintenance

of the reserves as provided for in the Memorandum or

Articles of the company, the company shall apply such

part of the excess reserves for the benefit of borrowers

in accordance with a scheme or schemes to be prepared

by the company to the satisfaction of the Department.

Part II.

Agricultural Short-Term Credits.

5. — (1) It shall be lawful for a society to which

this Part of this Act applies to create by instrument

in writing in favour of a bank a charge (hereinafter

referred to as an agricultural charge) on all or any of the property hereinafter specified as security for sums

advanced or to be advanced to it or paid or to be paid

on its behalf under any guarantee by the bank and

interest, commission and charges thereon.

1929. Agricultural Credits (Scotland) Ch. 13. 29

Act, 1929.

(2) The property which may be affected by such

a charge shall be the stocks of merchandise from time

to time belonging to and in the possession of the society

in pursuance of the objects which it has been formed to

carry out.

(3) The principal sum secured by an agricultural

charge may be either a specified amount, or a fluctuating

amount advanced on current account not exceeding at

any one time such amount (if any) as may be specified

in the charge, and in the latter case the charge shall

not be deemed to be redeemed by reason only of the

current account having ceased to be in debit.

(4) An agricultural charge may be in such form

and made upon such conditions as the parties thereto

may agree, and cautioners may be made parties thereto.

6 .—(1) An agricultural charge shall, so long as the Effect of

charge continues in force, confer on the bank a right agricultural

of security over the property affected by the charge charge,

which, subject as hereinafter provided, may, on the

happening of any event specified in the instrument

creating the charge as an event authorising such enforcement, be enforced by sequestration and sale of such

property in like manner in all respects as in the case of the hypothec of a landlord.

(2) The right of security conferred by the foregoing

subsection shall rank after any right of hypothec

competent to the landlord of the society or to the

superior of the lands occupied by the society, and on

any sequestration and sale at the instance of the bank,

the bank shall be bound to pay out of the proceeds of

such sequestration and sale to such landlord or superior

any sums then due in name of rent or feuduty.

(3) An agricultural charge shall be no protection in

respect of the property affected by it against any process,

execution, or diligences for recovery of taxes or rates.

(4) An agricultural charge shall, so long as the

charge continues hi force, impose on the society an

obligation whenever the society sells any of the property

affected by the charge forthwith to pay to the bank

the amount of the proceeds of the sale, except to such

extent as the charge otherwise provides or the bank

otherwise allows; the sums so paid to be applied, except

so far as otherwise agreed, by the bank in or towards the

30 Ch. 13. Agricultural Credits (Scotland) 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

discharge of moneys and liabilities secured by the

charge.

(5) Subject to compliance with the obligation so

imposed, an agricultural charge shall not prevent the

society from selling any of the property subject to the

charge, and the purchaser shall not be concerned to see

that such obligation is complied with notwithstanding

that he may be aware of the existence of the charge.

(6) Where any proceeds of sale which in pursuance

of such obligation as aforesaid ought to be paid to

the bank are paid to some other person, nothing in

this Act shall confer on the bank a right to recover

such proceeds from that other person, unless the bank

proves that such other person knew that the proceeds

were paid to him in breach of such obligation as

aforesaid.

7. —(1) Agricultural charges shall, in relation to one

another, have priority in accordance with the times at

which they are respectively registered under this Part

of this Act.

(2) An instrument creating an agricultural charge

shall be exempt from stamp duty.

(3) The Court of Session may make rules prescribing

the nature of the documents with which the bank may

require to be furnished for identifying the property

of the society, on which the agricultural charge rests,

and establishing the title of the society thereto.

Regintra- 8 . — (1) Every agricultural charge shall be registered

tion of under this Act within seven clear days after the

agricultural execution thereof, and, if not so registered, shall be

0 arges ' void as against any person other than the society:

Provided that the Court of Session on proof that

omission to register within such time as aforesaid

was accidental or due to inadvertence may extend

the time for registration on such terms as the Court

thinks fit.

(2) The Assistant Registrar of Friendly Societies

for Scotland (hereinafter called the Registrar) shall keep

a register of agricultural charges in such form and

containing such particulars as may be prescribed.

(3) Where it is desired to register an agricultural

charge, a memorandum of the instrument creating the

Supplemental

provisions.

1920. Agricultural Credits (Scotland) Ch. 13. 31

Act, 1929.

charge, and such particulars of the charge as may be

prescribed shall, together with the prescribed fee, be

sent by post or delivered to the Registrar at his office,

and the Registrar shall forthwith enter the particulars

in the register and shall file the memorandum.

(4) The register kept and the memoranda filed

under this section shall at all reasonable times be open

to inspection by any person on payment (except where

the inspection is made by or on behalf of a bank) of the

prescribed fee. and any person inspecting the register

or any such filed memorandum on payment (except as

aforesaid) of the prescribed fee may make copies or

extracts therefrom.

(5) Any person may on payment of the prescribed

fee require to be furnished with a copy of any entry in

the register or of a filed memorandum or any part

thereof certified to be a true copy by the Registrar.

(G) Registration of an agricultural charge may be

proved by the production of a certified copy of the entry

in the register relating to the charge, and a copy of any

entry purporting to be certified as a true copy by the

Registrar shall in all legal proceedings be evidence of the matters stated therein without proof of the signature

or authority of the person signing it.

(7) The Chief Registrar of Friendly Societies may,

subject to the approval of the Treasury, make regulations prescribing anything which under this section is

to be prescribed, and generally as to the keeping of the

register and the filing of memoranda, the removal of

entries from the register on proof of discharge, and the

rectification of the register.

9. — (1) This Part of this Act shall apply to a interpreta-

society registered in Scotland under the Industrial and tion.

Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1928, and having for

its principal object the provision and sale of agricultural

requisites to its members or the sale, either after a

process of manufacture or otherwise, of agricultural

produce purchased from its members.

(2) In this Part of this Act—

" Bank" means any bank having power for the

time being to issue bank notes;

32

Ch. 13, 14. Agricultural Credits (Scotland) 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929. '

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

Postponement of

appointed

day and

provisions

consequential thereon.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 34.

" Agricultural requisites" means seeds, manures

and feeding stuffs, agricultural vehicles,

machinery and other plant;

" Agricultural produce" means crops or horticultural produce, live stock and the produce

of any kind of animal husbandry, including

the carcases, hides, wool and fur of animals,

eggs, bacon, cheese, butter and other dairy

produce.

10. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural

Credits (Scotland) Act, 1929.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the

first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

(3) This Act, save as otherwise expressly provided,

shall apply to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1925.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The appointed day under the Northern

Ireland Land Act, 1925 (hereinafter referred to as the

Act of 1925), may, notwithstanding anything in that Act,

be a date later than the twenty-seventh day of May,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

(2) Where the appointed day fixed as respects any

holding for the vesting of the holding in the Land

Purchase Commission, Northern Ireland (hereinafter

referred to as the Commission) under section eight of the Act of 1925, is a date subsequent to the said twenty-

seventh day of May 7, then, notwithstanding anything in

1929. Northern Ireland Land Ch. 14.

Act, 1929.

the Land Purchase Acts, the following provisions shall

have effect with respect to the holding—

(a) the holding shall he treated as a holding to

which Part II of the Act of 1925 applies if,

had the appointed day been the said twenty-

seventh day of May, it would have been so

treated, unless before the appointed day the

holding has been purchased under the Land

Purchase Acts or is on the appointed day the

subject of an actual purchase agreement thereunder;

(b) the person with whom the Commission is to be

deemed under section twelve of the Act of

1925 to have entered into a purchase agreement shall be the person who was tenant of the

holding on the said twenty-seventh day of

May, or the executors, administrators or

assigns of that person;

(c) any sum which but for this provision would be

payable to the vendor by way of bonus or

interest thereon shall be payable to the person

who would have been vendor had the appointed

day been the said twenty-seventh day of May,

or the executors, administrators or assigns of

that person;

(d) the rent of the holding shall continue to be

payable to the person entitled thereto up to the

gale day last preceding the appointed day;

(e) on the appointed day there shall be payable by

the Commission—

(i) to the tenant, or to the person to whom

the tenant may have assigned the right to

receive the same, a sum equal to the amount

(if any) by which the rent in respect of the

period from the gale day next preceding the

said twenty-seventh day of May to the gale

day next preceding the appointed day (irrespective of section thirteen of the Act of 1925)

exceeds the amount of the standard purchase

annuity in respect of a like period;

(ii) to the National Debt Commissioners a

sum calculated at the rate of five shillings per

cent, per annum upon the purchase price in

C

u

Ch. 14.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Construction of s. 14

of Act of

1925.]

Power to

confer on

vendor of

holdings

rights of

access, &c.,

to land

remaining

vested in

him.

respect of the period aforesaid, and the sum so

payable to the National Debt Commissioners

shall be treated by them as paid on account of

sinking fund;

and the sums so paid shall be treated as part of the expenses of the Commission.

(3) Where as respects any holding an appointed day

has not been fixed on or before the said twenty-seventh

day of May, and the tenancy in the holding is due to determine either by effluxion of time or the expiration of a

notice to determine the tenancy, the tenant or the landlord shall be entitled to apply to the Commission for a

declaration as to whether or not the holding is a holding

to which Part II of the Act of 1925 applies.

2. It is hereby declared that where a purported

sub-letting of a holding of tenanted land which is vested

in the Commission by virtue of Part II of the Act of

1925 is invalid by reason only of the failure of the

tenant to obtain the consent of the landlord, or of such

consent not having been given in the manner required

by law, such purported sub-letting shall be deemed to be

a valid sub-letting for the purposes of section fourteen

of that Act.

3. —(1) Where the vendor of one or more holdings

vested in the Commission by Part II of the Act of 1925

alleges that it is necessary for the beneficial enjoyment

by him of land belonging to him to which section eight

of the Act of 1925 does not apply that a right of access

or other right over the holding or over one or more of the holdings should be granted or reserved to him, and

makes an application for the purpose, the Judicial

Commissioner or Land Judge, if satisfied of the truth of the allegation, may grant or reserve to the vendor and

his successors in title such right over the holdings or

such one of the holdings upon such terms (if any),

including payment of compensation, as the Judicial

Commissioner or Land Judge may think just.

(2) An application under this section, if made before

tlit' vesting of the holding or holdings in the tenant or

tenants thereof, shall be made to the Judicial Commissioner in the prescribed manner, and, if made subsequently, shall be made to the Land Judge subject to

rules of court.

1929.

Ch. 14.

35

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1929.

(3) Where any such right is granted or reserved

after the vesting of the holding or holdings in the tenant

or tenants thereof, it shall for the purposes of registration

under the Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Act,

1891, be deemed to be an easement created by express

grant after the first registration of the land, and shall

be registered in such manner as the Land Judge may

direct.

(4) Any person aggrieved by any decision of the

Judicial Commissioner or Land Judge under this section

may appeal to the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland,

and the decision of that court shall be final.

(5) In this section the expression "Land Judge "

means the Judge of the High Court of Justice in Northern

Ireland to whom the duties of Land Judge of the

Chancery Division are for the time being assigned.

4. —(1) Where the vendor of a holding vested in the

Commission by Part II of the Act of 1925 claims that

he was immediately before the date of such vesting

entitled to a right over the holding, or that he had

immediately before that date power to exercise any act of

ownership or enjoyment in respect of the holding, being

a right or power which was on the twenty-eighth day of

May, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, of substantial

value, and which, if enjoyed by any person other than

the vendor, would have been a profit a prendre then,

if the Judicial Commissioner so determines, the holding,

after it has been so vested, shall be subject to that right

or to that power in like manner, and the exercise of the

right or power shall be subject to the like obligations or

liabilities, as if the vendor were possessed of a profit

a prendre over the holding, and the vendor or the persons

entitled to the purchase money, or any part thereof,

or the purchaser may, at any time before the vesting of the

holding in the purchaser, apply to the Judicial Commissioner in the prescribed manner to determine the claim,

and the Judicial Commissioner may determine the claim

and the extent of any such right and power, and the

costs of any application made under this subsection

shall be at the discretion of the Judicial Commissioner:

Provided that—

(i) nothing in this subsection shall affect the

operation of section thirteen or section ninety-

54 & 55 Vict

c. 66.

Claim by

vendor to

rights in

respect of

holdings

vested in

Commission.

30

3 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

Redemption

of rents by

leaseholders.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 57.

Provisions

as to tenants

on certain

purchased

holdings.

Ch. 14. Northern Ireland Land 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

nine of the Irish Land Act, 1903, and the

enactments amending those sections;

(ii) a power of cutting or making turf upon a

portion of a holding which consists of bog

shall, if exerciseable under this subsection, be

exercised in such manner as not to prevent

the future reclamation of the bog and so as

to secure that sufficient turf and pasturage

will be left for the use of the proprietor of the

holding for a reasonable period.

(2) The powers of the Commission and of the Ministry

of Finance for Northern Ireland to make regulations

with respect to turbary on bogs on holdings may be

exercised notwithstanding that the holding i3 subject

to a right or power determined in favour of the vendor

under subsection (1) of this section and, where any such

regulations affect any such right or power, they shall

include such terms as to payment or otherwise for the

protection of the vendor as may appear to the Commission

or to the Ministry of Finance, as the case may be, or as

may appear to the Judicial Commissioner on appeal to be

just.

(3) Any person aggrieved by any decision of the

Judicial Commissioner under this section may appeal

to the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland, and the

decision of that court shall be final.

5. Subsection (3) of section twenty-three of the

Act of 1925 shall have effect as if the folio whig paragraph

were added at the end thereof :—

" Proceedings may be taken under the

Redemption of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1891, for the

redemption of the rent of any holding which is

excluded from the operation of that Act by reason

only that the annuity for repayment of an advance

made to a tenant of that holding under the Land

Purchase Acts at any time prior to the first day

of November, nineteen hundred and three, has

not been paid or redeemed in its entirety."

6 . —(1) A continuing sub-tenant within the meaning

of this section may, in the prescribed maimer and within

the prescribed time, apply to the Commission to fix an

appointed day for his holding, and if the Commission

are satisfied that Part II of the Act of 1925 would have

1929.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1929.

Ch. 14.

37

applied to the holding but for the fact that it consists of

land which was, before the first day of November,

nineteen hundred and three, purchased under the Land

Purchase Acts, they shall fix an appointed day accordingly,

and Part II of the Act of 1925 shall apply to the holding

subject to the following provisions :—

(a) the holding of the continuing sub-tenant shall

be treated as a separate holding, the continuing

sub-tenant shall be treated as the tenant of the holding, and the person by whom the land

was purchased as aforesaid or his successor in

title shall be treated as the vendor;

(b) the Commission shall apportion the annuity

which is chargeable under the Land Purchase

Acts upon the holding, of which the continuing

sub-tenant’s holding forms a part, between the

first-mentioned holding and the continuing subtenant’s holding, and the continuing sub-tenant’s

holding shall be discharged from so much of the annuity as is apportioned thereto;

(c) the standard purchase annuity for the purposes

of section nine of the Act of 1925 shall be an

amount equal to the rent of the continuing

sub-tenant’s holding;

(d) no bonus as defined by section four of the Act

of 1925 shall be payable to the vendor;

(e) the purchase money shall be applied in redemption

of the part of the original annuity apportioned

to the continuing sub-tenant’s holding, and the

balance shall be dealt with as the purchase

price of the holding.

(2) In this section the expression "continuing subtenant" means a person who is the tenant of land which

has been in the occupation of that person or his predecessors in title by virtue of a sub-tenancy created before

the first day of November, nineteen hundred and three,

and the land which is the subject of such sub-tenancy is

in this section referred to as the holding of such continuing

sub-tenant.

7. —(1) Where a holding has been excluded from

vesting in the Commission under Part II of the Act of

1925 by reason that it possesses a substantial value or

Determination of

tenancies in.

holdings

38

excluded on

account of

building

value.

Ch. 14. Northern Ireland Land 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

utility (whether potential or actual) as building ground,

the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) the tenant of the holding shall not be compelled

by the landlord to quit the holding or any part

thereof, except in consequence of the breach

of some one or more of the conditions of his

tenancy or upon the determination of the

tenancy by a notice to quit given under the

following provisions of this subsection;

(b) the landlord shall have a right to determine the

tenancy in the whole or any part of the holding

(whether during the continuance of a statutory

term in the tenancy or not) by giving to the

tenant six months’ notice to quit terminating

either on the first day of March or on the first

day of November in any year, and a notice so

given shall not be withdrawn;

(c) if the landlord determines a tenancy as aforesaid,

he shall at the expiration of the notice to quit

pay to the tenant compensation of an amount

calculated as follows—

If the notice is given before the expiration

of ten years from the passing of this Act,

an amount equal to thirty times, and if the

notice is given after the expiration of the

said ten years, an amount equal to thirty-

five times, the rateable value of the

holding, or the part thereof comprised in

the notice, and any buildings thereon.

Provided that where, before the passing of this Act, any buildings have been erected upon the

holding or the part thereof comprised in the

notice, the tenant or the landlord may at any

time before the expiration of the notice apply

to the civil bill court to determine the amount

of compensation to be paid in respect of such

buildings, and the civil bill court shall determine

the amount of compensation by reference to

the increase in the value of the holding fairly

attributable to the buildings; and in that case

the amount of compensation shall be calculated

according to the foregoing provisions of this

paragraph in respect of the holding (or the

1929.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1929.

Ch. 14.

39

part thereof comprised in the notice) apart from

such buildings, with the addition thereto of the amount determined by the civil bill court

as compensation in respect of such buildings.

For the purposes of this section, the rateable

value of a holding or part of a holding means

the annual rateable value thereof as shown in

the revised valuation lists in force under the

Irish Valuation Acts at the time when the

notice is given, or, if that value is not separately

shown in those lists, the amount certified by

the Commissioner of Valuation to be the annual

rateable value, and the expression "civil bill

court" means the civil bill court of the county

or borough where the holding (or the part

thereof comprised in the notice) is situate; and

where the holding or such part thereof is

situate within the jurisdiction of more than

one civil bill court, any civil bill court within

the jurisdiction of which any part of the land

or buildings affected is situate, may determine

an application under this paragraph;

Any person aggrieved by any decision of the

civil bill court under this section may appeal to

the Court of Appeal in Northern Ireland, and

the decision of that court shall be final;

(d) where the landlord determines the tenancy in a

part only of the holding, the tenant shall be

entitled to a reduction of rent which shall, in

the absence of agreement, be proportionate to

the amount by which the rateable value of the

part of the holding comprised in the notice to

quit is less than the rateable value of the entire

holding:

Provided that, if there are buildings on the

holding, the amount of the reduction shall in

the absence of agreement be determined by the

civil bill court on the application of the landlord or tenant;

(e) the right of a landlord to determine a tenancy

under this section shall be without prejudice to

any right of the tenant, under section eight of the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland) Act, 1870,

to compensation in respect of crops.

33 & 34 Vict,

c. 46.

40

Ch. 14, 15.

Northern Ireland Land

Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

44 &■ 45 Vict,

c. 49.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 63.

Short title

and construction.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 67.

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect any agreement,

arrangement, or compromise made or arrived at before

the twentieth day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, during the hearing of, or in connection with,

any objection made to a provisional list under section

seventeen of the Act of 1925 by reason of the inclusion

or non-inclusion of a holding in such list.

(3) So much of section five and of subsection (3)

of section eight of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, as

relates to the power of the court to authorise the resumption of a holding on the application of the landlord and

subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the Act of 1925,

shall not apply in the case of a tenancy to which this

section applies, and the Landlord and Tenant (Ireland)

Act, 1870 (except section eight thereof) and any Acts

amending the same, so far as they provide for compensation being paid by the landlord to the tenant, and

the Notices to Quit (Ireland) Act, 1876, shall not apply

where a landlord gives a notice to quit in the manner

authorised by this section.

8 .—(1) This Act may be cited as the Northern

Ireland Land Act, 1929, and shall be construed as one

with the Land Purchase Acts, and may be cited with

those Acts.

(2) For the purposes of section six of the Government

of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act shall, so far as it relates

to matters within the powers of the Parliament of Northern

Ireland, be deemed to be an Act passed before the

appointed day within the meaning of that section.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to empower the Secretary of State to

make regulations with respect to cotton cloth

factories and for purposes connected with the

enforcement of the enactments relating to such

factories.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

41

1929. Factory and Workshop Ch. 15.

(Cotton Cloth Factories) Act, 1929.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, —(1) The Secretary of State may make Power to

regulations for the purpose of giving effect to the makeregu-

recommendations contained in the Report, dated the lations as

twenty-third day of January, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, of the Committee appointed by the tories

Secretary of State on the fifth day of November,

nineteen hundred and twenty-four, to consider and

report whether, and, if so, what modifications of the

existing statutory regulations governing the use of

artificial humidity in cotton cloth factories are desirable

and practicable.

(2) Section ninety-five of the principal Act (which

relates to penalties for non-compliance with the provisions of that Act with regard to cotton cloth factories)

shall apply to any contravention of or failure to comply

with any regulations in force under this Act, and both in

its application to those regulations and in its application

to the provisions of the principal Act, shall have effect as

if there were therein substituted for the words "twelve

months " the words "twenty-four months ".

(3) Before any regulations are made under this Act, a draft thereof shall be laid before each House of

Parliament for a period of not less than thirty days

during the session of Parliament, and if either House

before the expiration of that period resolves that the

regulations shall not come into force, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without prejudice

to the making of any new draft regulations.

2 . No plans or sections relating to the erection or

conversion of a building proposed to be used as a cotton

cloth factory shall be approved by any local authority to

whom they have been submitted in pursuance of any

Act or of any byelaw made under any Act unless they

are accompanied by a certificate in writing issued by

the superintending inspector of factories for the division

in which the building is proposed to be erected or converted, certifying that the building to which the plans

and sections relate would not, if erected or converted in

Certificates

required

before approval of

building

plans relating to

cotton

cloth factories.

42

Ch. 15.

Factory and Workshop 19 Geo. 5.

(Cotton Cloth Factories) Act, 1929.

Short title,

citation,

construction, repeal

and extent.

I Edw. 7.

c. 22.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

accordance therewith, contravene or fail to comply with

the regulations in force under this Act.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Factory and

Workshop (Cotton Cloth Factories) Act, 1929, and

this Act and the Factory and Workshop Acts, 1901 to

1920, may be cited together as the Factory and Workshop

Acts, 1901 to 1929.

(2) In this Act—

" Cotton cloth factory" means any room, shed

or workshop, or part thereof, in which the

weaving of cotton cloth is carried on:

" Principal Act" means the Factory and Workshop

Act, 1901.

(3) This Act shall be construed as one with the

principal Act, so, however, that the provisions of the

principal Act relating to regulations made under that

Act shall not apply to regulations made under this Act.

(4) The provisions of sections ninety, ninety-one,

ninety-two and ninety-four of the principal Act and of the Fourth Schedule to that Act, so far as those provisions

relate to cotton cloth factories, and the Factory and

Workshop (Cotton Cloth Factories) Act, 1911, are hereby

repealed:

Provided that any regulation or requirement made

or certificate or notice given under the Factory and

Workshop (Cotton Cloth Factories) Act, 1911, or any

regulation made thereunder, which is in force at the

commencement of this Act, shall continue in force and

have effect as though it had been made or given under

this Act or under the regulations made thereunder as

the case may be.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1929.

Pensions (Governors of

Dominions, &c.) Act, 1929.

Ch. 16.

43

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the law relating to the payment

of pensions to Governors, and persons holding

similar offices, who have served within His

Majesty’s Dominions, or in British Protectorates,

or Mandated Territories.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of calculating the amount Increase of

of any pension under the Pensions (Governors of units of

Dominions, &c.) Act, 1911 (hereinafter referred to as pensions

"the principal Act") the unit of pension for every

completed month’s service as Governor shall be increased amount of

by one pound; and accordingly paragraph (2) of section pension,

two of the principal Act shall have effect as if for the 1 & 2 Geo. 5,

words "five, " "four, " "three" and "two" there were c - 24 -

therein substituted respectively the words "six, " " five, "

" four " and " three.' 5

(2) The maximum yearly amount of a pension

under the principal Act shall be increased by seven

hundred pounds; and accordingly section four of that

Act shall have effect as if for the words "thirteen

hundred, " wherever those words occur, there were

therein substituted the words "two thousand."

(3) As respects any person who on the twenty-

second day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, was serving as a Governor (including any person

who by virtue of an order made under this Act is

deemed to have been so serving), this section shall be

deemed to have been in operation as from the date of

his appointment as Governor.

2. Where any Governor entitled to receive a pension Pro visions

under section one of the principal Act is a person who as to

was, immediately before his appointment as Governor, altem a<ive

J pensior.s

44

Ch. 16.

Pensions (Governors of

Dominions, &c.) Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

under

Superannuation

Acts.

Power to

grant a

reduced

pension

under

Superannuation Acts

in special

cases.

employed in service in the permanent civil service of the

State, then, if the amount of the pension payable to

him under the principal Act would, together with any

further pension which might be granted to him under

section three of that Act, be less than the amount of the

pension payable to him under this section, a pension

may be granted to him under the Superannuation

Acts, 1834 to 1919, as if the number of years served

by him as Governor had been passed in service in the

permanent civil service of the State and as if the rate of

salary received by him had been that last received in

respect of his employment in that service (emoluments

being reckoned for this purpose as salary).

3. — (1) Where in any special case it appears to the

Secretary of State and the Treasury that it is impracticable to find appropriate employment in the public service

for a person who, having served as a Governor and having

been employed in service in the permanent civil service

of the State, is entitled neither to a pension under section

nine of the principal Act nor to a pension under the

Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919, by reason of his

having neither completed ten years’ service as a Governor

nor attained the age of sixty years, and that it is nevertheless in the interest of the public service to grant him

a pension, the Treasury may grant lfim a pension under

the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919, as if he had

attained the age of sixty years, and the provisions of subsection (1) of section five of the principal Act shall apply

for the purpose of computing any such pension subject,

save as hereinafter provided, to the modification that so

much of the pension as is payable in respect of his service

as a Governor shall be reduced by one-two-hundred-and-

fortieth for every completed month which must elapse

between the date on which the pension becomes payable

and the time at which the person to whom the pension

is granted will attain the age of sixty:

Provided that, that part of the pension payable in

respect of service as a Governor shall not be so reduced—

(a) by more than one-half of the full amount

thereof; or

(b) injthejcase of a Governor retiring from service in

an unhealthy place who has attained an age at

which*he]would if he had retired while holding

1929.

Pensions (Governors of

Dominions, &c.) Act, 1929.

Ch. 16.

45

the office last held by him in the permanent

civil service of the State have been entitled to

receive a pension, by more than will permit of the payment under this section of a pension as

nearly as may be equivalent to that which ho

would have been so entitled to receive.

(2) In this section the expression "unhealthy place "

has the same meaning as in the Superannuation Act,

1876, and in determining for the purposes of proviso (b) of the last foregoing subsection what pension a Governor

would have been entitled to receive if he had retired

while holding the office last held by him in the permanent

civil service of the State, his service as Governor in an

unhealthy place shall be reckoned in manner provided

by section two of that Act.

(3) Every Minute of the Treasury granting a pension under this section shall set forth the amount of the

pension granted and the reasons for the grant and shall

be laid before Parliament.

(4) This section shall be deemed to have been in

operation as from the ninth day of March, nineteen

hundred and twenty-two.

4. Where a Governor who was, immediately before

his appointment as Governor, serving in an office in the

permanent civil service of a colony, protectorate or

mandated territory dies while he is a Governor, the

Treasury may grant out of moneys provided by Parliament to his legal personal representatives a gratuity

equal to such gratuity, if any, as would, if he had died

at the date at which he ceased to serve in that office have

been payable out of the revenues of the colony, protectorate or mandated territory.

5. For section six of the principal Act (which

relates to deduction from pension on account of salary

or emolument other than pension) there shall be substituted the following section :—

" If any person to whom a pension has been

granted under this Act becomes entitled, otherwise than by way of pension, to any salary or

emolument in respect of any employment in

service in the permanent civil service of the State,

39 & 40 Vict.

c.53.

Gratuity

in case of

death while

serving as

Governor in

case of

Governors

withcolonial

or similar

civil service.

Amendment

of section

six of principal Act.

4G

Ch. 16.

Pensions (Governors of

Dominions, <bc.) Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Application

of principal

Act to

Resident at

Aden.

Amendment

of definition

of " service

in the permanent civil

service of the State."

Power to

extend

principal

Act to

mandated

territories.

or in the naval, military or air service of the

Crown, his pension shall, subject as herein-after

provided, be reduced by an amount equal to one-

half of the amount of the salary or emolument:

" Provided that the Secretary of State may,

with the approval of the Treasury, exempt any

person from the operation of this section if the

Secretary of State and the Treasury are satisfied

that the employment in respect of which the

salary or emolument is payable will not continue

for more than one year."

6. The principal Act shall apply to any person

serving as Piesident at Aden, not being a person pensionable out of the revenues of India in respect of that

service, as if he were the Governor or administrator

of a protectorate; and in that Act the expressions

" Governor " and " Governorship " shall be construed

accordingly.

7. For the purposes of subsection (2) of section five

of the principal Act, employment in the permanent civil

service of a colony, protectorate, or mandated territory

shall not be deemed to be employment in the permanent

civil service of the State, but, save as aforesaid, the

expression " service in the permanent civil service of the

" State " shall, for the purposes of the principal Act and

of this Act, include, and be deemed always to have

included, service in any permanent office in the government of any colony, protectorate, or mandated territory,

being service which qualifies a holder of the office to

receive a pension out of the revenues of the colony,

protectorate, or mandated territory.

8. —(1) The Secretary of State may, by order made

with the consent of the Treasury, extend the provisions

of the principal Act to any mandated territory.

(2) Every order made under this section—

(a) shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament

as soon as may be after it is made; and

(b) shall come into operation on the date specified

therein in that behalf, but may direct that

the order shall be deemed also to have been

in operation during any period before that

1929.

Pensions (Governors of

Dominions, &c.) Act, 1929.

Ch. 16 .

47

date which may be specified in the order;

and

(c) may be revoked by any subsequent order made

in like manner, but without prejudice to the

application of the provisions of the principal

Act to the mandated territory to which the

order related during any period before the

revocation thereof.

(3) During any period during which an order made

under this section is in operation, or is, in accordance

with directions therein contained, deemed to have been

in operation, the principal Act shall have effect or shall

be deemed to have had effect, as the case may be, as if

the Governor or administrator of the mandated territory

to which the order relates were a Governor, and in that

Act the expressions " Governor " and " governorship "

shall be construed accordingly.

9. In this Act the following expressions have the Interpremeanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to tation.

say:—

" Governor" means a Governor within the meaning

of the principal Act:

"Mandated territory" means any territory in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the League

of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty:

" Protectorate" means British Protectorate, and

shall be deemed to include the Malay States.

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Pensions Short title,

(Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act, 1929; and the prin- citation,

cipal Act and this Act may be cited together as the construction

Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Acts, 1911 and andre P eal -

1929.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the principal Act shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by this Act,

and this Act shall be construed as one with that Act.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the

third column of that Schedule.

48

Ch. 19.

Pensions (Governors of

Dominions, <&c.) Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Section iu.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

SVs^ion and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

50 & 51 Vict.

The Pensions (Colonial

In section two, the words

c. 13.

Service) Act, 1887.

" the Colonial Gover-

" nors (Pensions) Acts,

" 1805 and 1872, and "

and the words from

" and also the adminis-

" tration " to the end

of the section; and

In section seven, the

words " the Colonial

" Governors (Pensions)

" Acts, 1865 and 1872,

" or "

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

The Pensions (Governors

In subsection (2) of sec-

c. 24.

of Dominions, &c.)

Act, 1911.

tion five, the words

from " For the purposes

" of this provision " to

the end of the sec

tion; and

In subsection (2) of section twelve, proviso (a).

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

e. 20.

The Pensions (Governors

of Dominions, &c.)

(Amendment) Act,

1913.

The whole Act.

1929.

Local Government Act, . 1929.

Ch. 17.

49

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the law relating to the administration of poor relief, registration of births,

deaths, and marriages, highways, town planning

and local government; to extend the application

of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment)

Act, 1928, to hereditaments in which no persons

are employed; to grant complete or partial relief

from rates in the case of the hereditaments to

which that Act applies; to discontinue certain

grants from the Exchequer and provide other

grants in lieu thereof; and for purposes consequential on the matters aforesaid.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Poor Law. ’

Transfer and administration of Functions.

1. On the appointed day the functions of each poor Transfer of

law authority, shall, subject to the provisions of this functions of

Act and except as otherwise expressly provided by this poor law

Act. be transferred to the council of the county or comity authorities,

borough comprising the poor law area for which the poor

law authority acts, or, if the poor law area is not wholly

comprised within one county or county borough, the

fmictions of the poor law authority so far as they relate

to any county or county borough into which the area

extends shall be transferred to the council thereof, and

as from the appointed day all then existing poor law

authorities shah cease to exist.

D

50

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cont.

Special provisions as to

functions of

poor law

authorities

in respect of

infant life

protection

and vaccination.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 67.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 29.

Power to

combine

councils for

special

purposes.

2. As from the appointed day the following provisions shall have effect with respect to functions relating

to infant life protection and vaccination formerly

discharged by poor law authorities :—

(a) functions under Part I of the Children Act,

1908, shall be discharged by the councils of

counties and county boroughs as functions

under the Maternity and Child Welfare Act,

1918, except that where the council of a district

have established a maternity and child welfare

committee the said functions shall, in that

district, be discharged by the council of the

district and not by the county council; and

(b) functions relating to vaccination shall be

discharged by the councils of counties and

county boroughs as functions relating to public

health; and

(c) the provisions of this Part of this Act relating

to administrative schemes and accounts and

audit shall not apply as respects the functions

aforesaid.

3. —(1) Where any two or more councils, whether

councils of counties or county boroughs, consider

that it is expedient that the areas of the councils

should be combined for any purpose connected with the

administration of the functions transferred or to be

transferred under this Part of this Act and make

application to the Minister for the purpose, the Minister

may make an order for combining the areas of the

councils for the purposes named therein.

(2) Where it appears to the Minister that the

combination of the areas of any two or more councils,

whether councils of counties or county boroughs, for

any purpose connected with the administration of the

functions transferred or to be transferred under this

Part of this Act, would tend to diminish expense, or

would otherwise be of public or local advantage, the Minister may make an order for combining the areas

of the councils for the purposes named therein:

Provided that an order shall not be made under this

subsection except after a local inquiry, unless all the

councils whose areas are to be so combined consent.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

51

(3) An order under this section may establish for

the purposes of the order a joint committee of the

councils, and may constitute the joint committee a body

corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal

and with power to hold land for the purposes of their

functions without licence in mortmain.

(4) Any such order shall define the functions of the joint committee, and regulate the election, meetings

and business of the joint committee, the mode of defraying

the expenses of the joint committee, and any other

matter or tiling which it appears necessary or proper to

regulate for the better carrying into effect of the order,

and may provide for making applicable, subject to the

necessary modifications, to the joint committee any of the

provisions of this Part or Parts VII or VIII of this Act

(including the provisions as to administrative schemes).

(5) An order under this section may be made either

before or after the appointed day, and

(a) where the order takes effect on the appointed

day, any functions which under the order are

to be functions of the joint committee shall, as

from the appointed day, be transferred to the

joint committee, and shall not be transferred to

any of the councils included in the combination;

and

(b) where the order takes effect after the appointed

day, a council included in such a combination

shall, save as otherwise provided by the order,

cease to exercise any functions vested by the

order in the joint committee.

(6) An order under this section shall be laid, before

Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

4. The council of every county and county borough

shall prepare, and within six months after the commencement of this Act submit to the Minister, a scheme (hereinafter referred to as an administrative scheme) of the

administrative arrangements proposed to be made for

discharging the functions transferred to the council under

this Part of this Act:

Provided that the Minister may on the application

of a council extend the time within which a scheme is

to be submitted if he is satisfied that there is reasonable

cause for such extension.

Part I.

— cont.

Administrative

schemes.

52

Part I.

— cont.

C

Provisions

as to

alternative

powers of

giving

assistance.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 65.

81 & 62 Vict,

c. 41.

3 & 4 Geo. 6.

c. 23.

8 <fc 9 Geo. 5.

c. 29.

10 & 11 Geo. 6.

c. 49.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 12.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 61.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 14.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

5.—(1) A council in preparing an administrative

scheme shall have regard to the desirability of securing

that, as soon as circumstances permit, all assistance

which can lawfully be provided otherwise than by way

of poor relief shall be so provided, and accordingly any

such scheme may declare that any assistance which

could, after the appointed day, be provided either by

way of poor relief or by virtue of any of the following

Acts as amended by any subsequent enactment including

this Act (that is to say)—

[a) The Public Health Act, 1875:

(b) The Local Government Act, 18S8:

(c) The Mental Deficiency Act, 1913:

(d) The Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918:

(e) The Blind Persons Act, 1920:

(f) The Public Health (Tuberculosis) Act, 1921:

(g) The Education Act, 1921:

shall be provided exclusively by virtue of the appropriate

Act and not by way of poor relief, but nothing

in this subsection or in any scheme shall diminish or

otherwise affect the duty of a council under section

thirty-four of the Poor Law Act, 1927, to provide relief

for the poor.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression

" assistance " includes maintenance and treatment at

hospitals and other places, the education of children,

and any other services which could, after the appointed

day, be provided either by w T ay of poor relief or by

virtue of any of the above-mentioned Acts.

(2) Where in the case of a county the scheme

declares that the education of any children who are

being maintained by the council hi any institution shall

be provided under the Education Act, 1921, the council

may make arrangements for that purpose with the local

education authority for elementary education for the area

in which such institution is situated upon such terms and

conditions (including the use by the local education authority of any buildings, premises or equipment belonging to

the council) as may be agreed.

(3) Where in the case of a county the scheme

declares that any assistance which could be provided by

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

53

virtue of the Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918, shall

be provided under that Act, the county council may

make arrangements with the council of any district

wholly or partly in the county, who have established a

maternity and child welfare committee, for the provision

of such assistance within the district by the council

thereof upon such terms and conditions (including the

use by the district council of any buildings premises or

equipment belonging to the county council) as may be

agreed, and any such arrangements may require the

district council to furnish the county council with particulars of any assistance given by the district council

under the Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918,

whether in pursuance of the arrangements or otherwise.

6.—(1) An administrative scheme shall provide for

the constitution of a committee of the council (hereinafter referred to as the public assistance committee), and

may provide—

(a) that any other committee of the council shall

act as the public assistance committee, or that

the members for the time being of any other

such committee, shall so act; and

(b) for the inclusion in the public assistance committee or among any members of another

committee acting as such, of persons who are

not members of the council, some of whor

shall be women;

so, however, that of the whole number of members of the public assistance committee or committee or body

acting as such, two-thirds at least shall be members of the council.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing

section, all matters relating to the exercise by the

council of the functions (other than those specified in

section two of this Act) transferred to them under this

Part of this Act, except the power of raising a rate

or borrowing money, shall stand referred to the public

assistance committee, and the council before exercising

any such functions shall, unless in their opinion the

matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the

public assistance committee with respect to the matter

in question.

Part I.

— oont. *

Public

assistance

committee.

54

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

4 Past I (3) The scheme may provide for the delegation by

— cent. the council to the public assistance committee, with or

without any restrictions or conditions as they think fit,

of any of the functions so transferred, except the power

of raising a rate or borrowing money, and may provide

for the discharge, on behalf of and subject to the general

direction and control of the public assistance committee,

of any of the functions of that committee by any of the

other committees of the council.

Guardians 7. — (1) In the case of a county the administrative

committees scheme shall provide—

and subcommittees. (a)for the division of the county into areas, each

area consisting of one or more districts, and for

the constitution for each such area of a local

sub-committee of the public assistance committee (to be called the guardians committee

of the area) consisting of not more than thirty-

six nor less than twelve members:

(b) for each guardians committee consisting of—

(i) members for the time being of the

council of the district, or of every district,

comprised in the area, as the case may be,

nominated by the council thereof;

(ii) members for the time being of the

county council representing electoral divisions wholly or partly comprised in the area;

(iii) persons (not being elected members of the county council, and including women as

well as men) appointed by the county council,

so, however, that the number of persons so

appointed shall not exceed one-third of the

total number of members of the committee;

(c) for the discharge, subject to such general or

special restrictions or conditions as the county

council may from time to time impose, by

each guardians committee or a sub-committee

thereof of such of the functions transferred to

the council under this Part of this Act as

relate to the following matters—

(i) the consideration and examination of

applications for relief;

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

55

(ii) the determination of the nature and

amount of the relief, if any, to be given to

such applicants;

(iii) the determination of the amount, if

any, to be paid by any recipient of relief,

or the persons liable for his maintenance,

towards reimbursing the council the amount

expended by them on his relief;

(iv) the visiting inspection or management,

if the public assistance committee so request,

of any poor law institutions in the area for

which the guardians committee is appointed:

so, however, that the functions to be delegated under

this subsection shall not include the appointment or

dismissal of any officer:

Provided that upon representations made by the

council of any county that special circumstances exist

in that county or in any part thereof the Minister may,

if he thinks fit, direct that the provisions of this section

shall not apply as respects that county or part.

(2) Where a district is not wholly comprised within

one county, the portion of the district situate within

any county shall, for the purposes of the last preceding

subsection, be treated as if it were a separate district.

(3) In appointing persons other than elected members of the county council to be members of any

guardians committee a county council shall have regard

to the desirability of including persons who are members

of poor law authorities immediately before the appointed

day and other persons of experience in the matters to

be dealt with by the committee.

(4) The scheme shall provide for effective consultation between the public assistance committee and the

guardians committee of any area upon business relating

specially to that area, and in particular shall empower

every guardians committee to nominate their chairman

or other representative to be present at any meeting

of the public assistance committee at which business

specially relating to the area of the guardians committee

is to be transacted. Any person so nominated shall be

entitled to take part in the proceedings at any such

meeting so far as they relate specially to the area of

Part I.

— cant.

56

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part I. the guardians committee by whom he was nominated

— <xnit - but not to vote.

(5) The scheme shall determine the place where a

guardians committee shall sit, and any local authority

shall allow a guardians committee or any sub-committee

thereof to use free of charge for the purposes of their

meetings, at any time when not required for the use

of the local authority, any premises belonging to the

authority.

(6) In the case of a county borough, the administrative scheme may provide for the appointment of

sub-committees of the public assistance committee,

consisting wholly or partly of members of the public

assistance committee, and for the functions of any such

sub-committee:

Provided that—

(a) a majority of the members of every subcommittee appointed under this subsection

shall be members of the council; and

(b) where the scheme provides for the appointment as members of any such sub-committee

of persons who are not members of the

council, it shall provide for the inclusion of

women as well as men, and regard shall be

had to the desirability of including persons

who are members of poor law authorities

immediately before the appointed day and

other persons of experience in the matters

delegated or referred to the sub-committee.

Approval of 8. — (1) As soon as an administrative scheme has

schemes. been submitted to the Minister, the council submitting

the scheme shall publish in one or more newspapers

circulating in their area a notice stating that the scheme

has been so submitted and that a copy thereof is open

to inspection at a specified place, and that representations thereon may be made to the Minister within four

weeks after the publication of the notice, and in the case

of a scheme submitted by a county council shall send

a copy of the scheme to the council of each district

wholly or partly within the county.

(2) No scheme so submitted to the Minister shall be

of any effect unless and until it is approved by the Minister, and the Minister, after considering any representations with respect to the scheme which may be

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

57

submitted to him within four weeks after the publication Part l k

of such notice as aforesaid by any local authorities and —cant.

other parties who appear to liim to be interested, and

after consultation (if and so far as the scheme relates to

education) with the Board of Education, may approve

the scheme with or without modifications.

(3) If a council fail to submit to the Minister an

administrative scheme within the time allowed for the

purpose, the Minister may, after consultation with such

local authorities as appear to him to be interested, and

(if and so far as the scheme relates to education) with

the Board of Education, himself make an administrative

scheme, but before making such a scheme the Minister

shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in

the area to which the scheme will relate a notice stating

his intention to make the scheme, and that a copy of the

draft scheme is open to inspection at a specified place and

that representations thereon may be made to the Minister

within four weeks after the publication of the notice, and

shall consider any representations which may be submitted to him within that period, and any scheme so

made shall have effect as if it were a scheme submitted

by the council and approved by the Minister.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

9. For the purposes of the functions transferred to Acquisition

them under this Part of this Act, a council shall have of land,

power to acquire, dispose of, or otherwise deal with land—

(a) in the case of a county council, in like manner

as for the purposes of their other functions and

subsection (3) of section sixty-four and section

sixty-five of the Local Government Act, 1888,

shall apply accordingly;

(b) in the case of a county borough council, in like

manner as for the purposes of the Public Health

Act, 1875, and sections one hundred and seventy-

five to one hundred and seventy-eight of that

Act shall apply accordingly.

10 . -U) A person shall, after the appointed day, be Disqualig.

disqualified for becoming or being a member of the cations,

council of a county or county borough if he has within

twelve months before becoming, or has since becoming.

5S

• Part I.

— cont.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 73.

Amendment

as to disqualification

for pensions

under 9 & 10

Geo. 5.

e. 102, and

15 & 16

Geo. 5.

c. 70.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

such a member received poor relief, except that he shall

not be so disqualified by reason only that he or a member

of his family has received medical or surgical treatment,

or been an inmate of an institution for that purpose, or

received relief which could have been granted under the

Blind Persons Act, 1920, or been maintained in any place

as a pauper lunatic:

Provided that a person who is at the date of the commencement of this Act a member of any such council and

has received poor relief before that date, shall not be

thereby disqualified for being such a member.

(2) A person shall be disqualified for being a member

of a committee or sub-committee thereof constituted

under an administrative scheme who would be disqualified for becoming or being a member of the council

by which the committee is appointed, and a person

who acts as a member of such a committee or subcommittee when disqualified shall be liable to the like

penalties as if he had acted as a member of the council.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in section forty-six of the Local Government Act, 1894, a person shall not,

on or after the appointed day, be disqualified for becoming

or being a member of any local authority to which that

section applies by reason that he or any member of his

family has received poor relief, if by virtue of the

provisions of this section the receipt of that relief would

not disqualify him for becoming or being a member of a

county or county borough council.

11. On and after the appointed day a person who has

become an inmate of any poor law institution for the

purpose of obtaining medical or surgical treatment shall

not, so long as he continues to require such treatment, be

disqualified, on the ground only that he is such an inmate,

for receiving or continuing to receive an old age pension

under the Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, or under

the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory

Pensions Act, 1925, and accordingly subsection (1) of

section three of the Old Age Pensions Act, 1919, and

paragraph one of the Third Schedule to the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925,

shall have effect as if the words "during a period of

" three months from the date on which he becomes

" such an inmate if he, " were omitted therefrom, and

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

as if after the words "so long " there were inserted

the words "as he."

12. The Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905, shall,

as from the appointed day, he repealed, hut the Minister

may, on such repeal taking effect, make such orders

as were by section eight of that Act authorised to he

made on the expiration of the period for which that

Act as originally enacted was to continue in force, and

any such older may provide for applying, subject to the

necessary adaptations, to officers appointed under the

said Act any of the provisions of this Act as to the

transfer and compensation of officers.

13. The council of every county and county

borough shall, when making provision for hospital

accommodation in discharge of the functions transferred

to them under this Part of this Act, consult such

committee or other body as they consider to represent

both the governing bodies and the medical and surgical

staffs of the voluntary hospitals providing services hi or

for the benefit of the county or county borough as to the

accommodation to he provided and as to the purposes

for which it is to be used.

14. —(1) The Local Government Act, 1888, shall, as

from the appointed day, have effect as if amongst the

powers conferred by that Act on county councils (including

the London County Council) there were included the like

powers with respect to the provision of places for the

reception of the sick as axe conferred on local authorities

by section one hundred and thirty-one of the Public

Health Act, 1875, as amended by section sixty-four of the Public Health Act, 1925.

(2) Section one hundred and thirty-one of the Public

Health Act, 1875, as so amended, shall in its application

to county councils and county borough councils have

effect as if the power to provide places for the reception

of the sick included power to provide places for the

reception of pregnant women.

(3) A committee appointed under the Public

Health Act, 1875, by the council of a county borough

for dealing with matters relating to public health, the

committee appointed by the London County Council for

similar purposes, and the public health and housing

committee appointed by a county council under section

59

Part I. *

— cont.

Pepeal of

5 Edw. 7.

o. 18.

Consultation as

to the

provision of

hospital

accommodation.

Comequen-

tial amendments of

certain

Acts.

60

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cont.

Consequential

alteration

of constitution of

assessment

committees.

15 & 16

Geo. 5 c. 90.

seventy-one of the Housing, Town Planning &e., Act,

1909, may include members who are not members of the

council by which the committee is appointed, so, however,

that two-thirds at least of the members of the committee

shall be members of the council; and any such committee

may, subject to any directions of the council, appoint such

and so many sub-committees, consisting either wholly or

partly of members of the committee, as the committee

thinks fit.

(4) So much of proviso (ii) to section thirty of the

Mental Deficiency Act, 1913, as provides that local

authorities under that Act shall not have any duties with

respect to defectives who are for the time being provided

for by poor law authorities shall as from the appointed

day cease to have effect.

(5) A committee for the care of the mentally

defective constituted under the Mental Deficiency Act,

1913, may, subject to any directions of the local authority under that Act, appoint such and so many subcommittees, consisting either wholly or partly of members

of the committee, as the committee thinks fit.

15. —(1) For subsection (3) of section seventeen of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925 (which relates to the

constitution of assessment committees) the following subsection shall, as from the appointed day, be substituted—

" (3) In the case of an assessment area being a

county borough, the assessment committee shall

consist of such number of persons to be appointed

by the council of the borough as may be

determined by the council, but not less than

one-third of the members of the committee

shall be persons who are not members of the

council, and if any member of the committee

not being a member of the council becomes a

member thereof, his term of office as a member

of the committee shall thereupon expire."

(2) A3 from the appointed day, in subsection (4) of the said section seventeen the words "boards of guardians"

shall be repealed, and any scheme under the said Act

constituting an assessment area and determining the

proportion in which the various authorities entitled to

representation on the assessment committee for the area

are to be represented thereon shall, subject to the provisions of any new or amending scheme, have effect as

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

61

if the references to the members of the committee Part I.

representing boards of guardians were omitted therefrom. —corn.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, the following provisions shall

have effect with respect to members of assessment

committees holding office immediately before the appointed day:—

(a) a member appointed by, or on the nomination

of, a board of guardians shall not vacate his

office by reason of the dissolution of that board

or of the fact that he himself ceases to be a

guardian; and

in the case of an assessment area being a

county borough, a member of the assessment

committee who is on the appointed day a

member also of the Council of the borough shall

not vacate his office by reason of the fact that

more than two-thirds of the members of the

committee are members of the council, but after

the appointed day no person being a member

of the council shall be appointed to be a member

of the committee if on his appointment the

number of the members of the committee who

are members of the council would exceed two-

thirds of the total number of the committee.

16.—(1) As from the appointed day, it shall be the Recovery of

duty of the council of every county and county borough expenses,

and of every other local authority to recover from any

person who has been maintained by them in any institution, other than a person who has become an inmate

of an institution for the purpose of receiving treatment

for infectious disease, or from any person legally liable to

maintain that person, the whole of the expenses incurred

by the council or authority in the maintenance of that

person, or, if the council or authority are satisfied that

the persons from whom the expenses are recoverable

cannot reasonably, having regard to their financial

circumstances, be required to pay the whole of those

expenses, such part, if any, of the expenses as they are

in the opinion of the council or authority able to pay:

Provided that any such council or authority

may, by agreement with the governing body of any

association or fund established for the purpose of

62

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part I. providing benefits to members or other beneficiaries

—cont. thereof, accept from the association or fund, in respect

of the expenses incurred by the council or authority in

the maintenance of any member or beneficiary of the

association or fund, payment of such sums as may be

provided by the agreement, in lieu of recovering the

whole or any part of the said expenses from the member

or beneficiary, or from any person legally liable to

maintain him.

(2) Any expenses recoverable under this section

shall, without prejudice to any other remedy, be recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

" Institution" means any hospital, maternity

home or other residential institution accommodation wherein is provided by the council

of a county or county borough or other local

authority under the powers conferred by the

Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1926, or the

corresponding enactments relating to London,

the Local Government Act, 1888, as amended

by this Act, or the Maternity and Child

Welfare Act, 1918.

The expenses incurred by the council or

authority in providing for the maintenance

of a person in an institution shall, in respect

of each day of maintenance in the institution,

be deemed to be a sum representing the

average daily cost per patient of the maintenance of the institution and the staff thereof

and the maintenance and treatment of the

patients therein.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect any right

which a local authority may have under any enactment

or otherwise to recover expenses other than those to

which the foregoing provisions of this section apply.

Accounts 17. Separate accounts shall be kept by the council

and audit, of every county borough of their receipts and expenditure

in respect of the functions (other than those specified in

section two of this Act) transferred to them under this

Part of this Act, and discharged by the council as such,

and those accounts shall be made up and audited in like

manner and subject to the same provisions as in the

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

63

case of a county council, and the enactments relating to

the audit of the accounts of a county council and to all

matters incidental thereto and consequential thereon,

including penal provisions, shall apply in lieu of the

provisions of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882,

relating to accounts and audit.

Application to London.

18. This Part of this Act shall apply to the county

of London subject to the following modifications :—

(a) the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of

section six and section seven of this Act shall

not apply:

(b) the administrative scheme may make provision

for the reference or delegation by the London

County Council to any committee of that council

(including the public assistance committee) of

any of the functions transferred to the council

under this Part of this Act except the power

of raising a rate or borrowing money:

(c) the administrative scheme may make provision

for the appointment—

(i) of sub-committees of the public assistance committee (in this section referred to

as " local committees ") consisting wholly or

partly of members of that committee; and

(ii) of sub-committees of local committees,

consisting wholly or partly of members of the local committees;

for the functions of such local committees and

for the discharge by the sub-committees thereof

of any of the functions which, under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, are to

be discharged by guardians committees or subcommittees thereof:

(d) the London County Council may make arrangements with the common council of the City of

London, or the council of any metropolitan

borough, for the provision by the common

council or metropolitan borough council under

the Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918,

of any assistance which could be provided either

Part I.

— cont.

45 & 46 Vict,

o. 50.

Application

to London.

64

Part I.

— cont.

54 & 55Vicfc.

c. 76.

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 61.

32 & 33 Vict.

o. 67.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

by way of poor relief or by virtue of that Act,

and the provisions of this Part of this Act relating

to arrangements between a county council and

the council of a district for the provision of

assistance under the Maternity and Child Welfare

Act, 1918, shall apply accordingly:

(e) the functions of the Metropolitan Asylum Board

under the Public Health (London) Act, 1891,

and section forty-two of the Divided Parishes and

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, shall, as from

the appointed day, be transferred to the London

County Council:

(f) as from the appointed day, any expenses of

sanitary authorities in the county of London

which under the Public Health (London) Act,

1891, are repayable out of the metropolitan

common poor fund, shall be repaid by the

London County Council, and any payments

which under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act,

1869, are to be made from or to that fund shall

be made from or to the county fund:

(g) the functions of boards of guardians in the county

of London in respect of vaccination, and the officers employed in connection with those functions,

shall as from the appointed day be transferred

to the common council of the City of London

and to the councils of the several metropolitan

boroughs instead of to the London County Council, and the appropriate provisions of this Act

with respect to the transfer of property and

liabilities and the transfer, superannuation and

compensation of officers shall apply subject to

the necessary adaptations:

(h) as from the appointed day, the City of London

(including the Inner Temple and the Middle

Temple) and every metropolitan borough shall

be an assessment area, and there shall be for

every such area an assessment committee who

shall have as regards valuation lists for each

parish within their area the same functions as

assessment committees had immediately before

the appointed day with regard to valuation lists

for the parishes in their areas.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

65

The assessment committee shall as from the

appointed day consist of such number of persons

appointed, in the case of the City of London

by the common council, and in the case of a

metropolitan borough by the council of the

borough, being members of the council, as the

council may think tit, together with, in the case

of the assessment committee for a metropolitan

borough, one person appointed by the London

County Council; and the members of the said

committees shall be appointed in every year in

the month of November or December, and shall

bold office until their successors are appointed,

so. however, that the first such committee may

be appointed at any time before the appointed

clay, but shall not continue hi office after the

month of December next following:

Provided that—

(i) no person who is a member of any

committee to which the duties of a rating

authority with respect to the preparation

of a valuation list are referred or delegated

shall be qualified for appointment as a

member of the assessment committee;

(ii) the London County Council may

appoint a person to act for all purposes as

a member of the assessment committee in

substitution for the person appointed by

them as aforesaid at any time when that

person is unable to act;

(iii) neither the person nor the substitute

to be appointed as aforesaid by the London

County Council shall be an officer of that

council.

The quorum of the assessment committee

shall be such number as the committee may

determine, not being less than three.

No member of the assessment committee or

person acting as such a member shall receive

any remuneration or other like payment in

respect of his services as such.

The town clerk, or in the City of London such

other officer as the council may designate or

E

Part I.

— oont.

66

Part I.

— cont.

L

Application

to local Act

guardians.

Application

to unions

with

appointed

guardians.

10 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 20.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 6.

appoint, shall be the clerk to the assessment

committee :‘

(*) the functions transferred to the London County

Council under this Part of this Act shall be

exercisable throughout the county of London.

Application to local Act and Appointed Guardians.

19. —(1) Where a board of guardians is a board

constituted or acting under a local Act, the functions

transferred to the council of the county or county

borough under this Part of this Act shall be the functions

of a board of guardians under the Poor Law Act, 1927,

and not the functions of the board under the local Act.

(2) Where any property vested in a board of guardians constituted or acting under a local Act is held

by them for charitable purposes, nothing in this Act

shall transfer such property to the council of any

county or county borough; but the Charity Commissioners may, in accordance with their ordinary jurisdiction

under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1925, establish

a scheme providing for the constitution of a body of

trustees to administer the charitable property, and for

the vesting or transfer of such property in or to the

Official Trustee of Charity Lands, or the Official Trustees

of Charitable Funds, as the case may require, or in or

to the body of trustees so constituted, or any members

thereof, as if the charity were a charity within the

jurisdiction of the Commissioners under those Acts, but

without the necessity of any application being made for

the purpose.

20. —(1) The provisions of this Act shall apply as

respects any poor law union with respect to which an

order under the Boards of Guardians (Default) Act, 1926,

or section two hundred and twenty of the Poor Law

Act, 1927, constituting an appointed board of guardians

for the union is in force at the commencement of this Act, or is made thereafter, subject to the provisions of this section.

(2) The Minister may by order declare that as respects

the whole or any part of any such union the provisions

of this Tart and Parts VII and VIII of this Act except

such as may be specified in the order shall not come

into operation until the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and thirty-five; and where such an order is

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

67

made, then, as respects the poor law union or part

thereof to which the order relates and subject to any

exceptions contained in the order—

(a) the said first day of April shall be the appointed

day for the purposes of this Part and Parts VII

and VIII of this Act;

(l) the Poor Law Act, 1927, and any other enactment relating to the relief of the poor, shall,

until the said first day of April, remain in full

force and effect;

(c) the administrative scheme shall be prepared and

submitted to the Minister between the thirty-

first day of March and the thirty-first day of

October, nineteen hundred and thirty-four.

(3) An order made under this section—

(a) may provide for the continuance in office

till the said first day of April of the persons

who are appointed guardians at the date

of the order or of any persons who may

from time to time be appointed in their place;

(b) may provide for making such adaptations in

the provisions of this Act relating to grants,

expenses, the transfer of property and liabilities, and the transfer, superannuation and

compensation of officers, as may be necessary

and may provide for applying to the appointed

guardians with the necessary adaptations the

provisions of this Act relating to the mitigation

of the liability of councils for temporary loans;

(c) may authorise the appointed guardians to

make arrangements with the council of any

county, county borough or district for the

provision by that council of any assistance

wilieh could be provided, either by the

guardians or by the council;

(d) may provide that for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to

combinations of councils for special purposes

the appointed guardians shall be treated as

if they v ere the council of a county or county

borough.

(4) An order under this section shall be laid before

Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

Part I.

— cant.

68

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Transfer of

functions

under

Registration

Acts.

Part II.

Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages.

21.—(1) On the appointed day the functions of

boards of guardians under the Registration Acts in

relation to a registration district and to any sub-districts

comprised therein shall—

(a) if the registration district is wholly comprised

within one county or county borough, be transferred to the council of that county or county

borough;

(b) if the registration district is not wholly comprised within one county or county borough,

be transferred to the council of the county or

county borough which is estimated by the

Registrar-General to contain on the first day

of January preceding the appointed day the

larger or largest part of the population of the

registration district;

and the functions so transferred are in this Part of this Act referred to as " transferred functions."

(2) Until such schemes as are hereinafter in this Part

of this Act mentioned are made, nothing in this Act shall

affect the area of any existing registration district or sub-

district, without prejudice, however, to the exercise of the powers contained in the Registration Acts as to the

alteration thereof:

Provided that, where as respects the part of a

registration district comprised in a county or county

borough the transferred functions in relation thereto

are exercised by a council other than the council

of that county or county borough, and in pursuance

of such powers of alteration as aforesaid an order

is made whereby that part is constituted a separate

registration district, or is added to a registration district

comprised in that county or county borough, the order

shall provide for transferring to the council of that county

or county borough the transferred functions in relation

to that part of the registration district and to any

sub-districts comprised in that part.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

69

22.—(1) On a vacancy occurring on or alter the

appointed day in the office of a registration officer, the

office shall become a salaried office.

(2) On application for the purpose being made after

the appointed day to the responsible council by a

registration officer appointed before that day, the office

which he holds shall, as from such date (not later than

the beginning of the next financial year) as may be fixed

by the council become a salaried office.

(3) Where the office of a registration officer becomes

a salaried office—

(a) the officer holding the office shall be entitled to

receive from the responsible council such salary

or remuneration and office and other allowances

as may be fixed, and shall hold office on such

conditions as may be determined, under this

section;

(b) every such officer shall, at such times and in such

manner as may be prescribed, account to the

Registrar-General for all fees and allowances

received by or payable to him in respect of the

execution of his duties under the Registration

Acts, and upon the direction of the Registrar-

General shall pay to the responsible council

such sum as the Registrar-General may certify

to be due to the council in respect of such fees

and allowances;

(c) the fees payable under sections twenty-nine and

thirty-four of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, as amended by any subsequent

enactment shall cease to be payable in respect

of the office.

(4) Subject to the approval of the Registrar-General,

the council of any county or county borough may, as

respects the salaried officers for whom the council are

the responsible council, determine and from time to time

vary—

(a) the salary or remuneration to be attached to any

salaried office, and the allowances (if any) to be

paid for travelling, the provision of office

accommodation, and other expenses;

(b) the conditions on w'hich any salaried office is

to be held, including a requirement that an

Part II.

— cont.

Conversion

of registration

officers into

salaried

officers.

6&7 Will.4.

c. SO.

70

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part II. officer shall give such security as may be con-

cmt - sideml necessary to guard against any

malleus mee or misappropriation of fees.

(5) In this and the next following section " the

responsible council" means, as respects any registration

officer, the council of the county or county borough by

whom the tr vnsferred functions in relation to the registration district or sub-district for which the officer acts are

discharged.

Power to 23.— (1) It . hall be lawful for the Minister by order

increase to increase any of tile fees fixed by the .Registration Acts

feeJ Ut0ry f ° at ' e - vtwt not exeet ding fifty per cent., and from

1! th ' time to time to vary the amomit of the increase, subjt et

to siii It limitation as aforesaid.

(2) Where such an order has been made, it shall

be the duty of every officer who is not a salaried officer,

at such times and in such manner as may be prescribed,

to account to the Registrar-General for, and pay to the

responsible council, so much of the fees received by or

payable to him as the Registrar-General may certify to

represent the increase effected by the order, subject to

such deduction as the Registrar-General may allow as

remuneration to him for the trouble and expense of

collecting and accounting for such increased amounts.

(3) An order under this section shall be laid before

Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

Schemes for

the administration of

Registration

Acts in

counties and

county

boroughs.

24.—(1) Before the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and thirty-two, or such later date as the Minist* r may allow, it shall he the duty of the council

of every county and county borough to prepare and

submit to the Minister a scheme for—

(a) the division into registration districts and sub-

districts for the purposes of the Registration Acts

of the whole of the county or county borough,

including any portion of the county or county

borough forming part of a registration district

the transferred functions in relation to whir h

are at the time of the making of the scheme

discharged by tl e council of some other county

or county borough;

(h) <li ti imining the number of sup* rinti ndent registrars, registrars of births and deaths, an 1

registrars of marriages, and other officers

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

71

required for the purposes of the Registration

Acts within the county or county borough;

(c) determining the location of offices and stations

in the various registration districts and sub-

districts;

(d) conferring and imposing on registrars of births

and deaths all or any of the functions of

registrars of marriages;

(e) providing, where two or more officers are

appointed to act for a single registration district or sub-district, for the distribution between

them of the registration functions to be discharged within the registration district or subdistrict; so, however, that such distribution shall

not render any such officer disqualified from

acting at any time or at any place in the registration district or sub-district as the case may be;

(f) fixing (subject to such power of revision as may

be provided by the scheme) the salary and

other remuneration (if any) to be attached to

each office, and the allowances (if any) to be

paid for travelling, the provision of office

accommodation and other expenses;

(g) fixing (subject as aforesaid) the conditions on

which an office is to be held, so, however, that

nothing in the scheme shall affect the power of the Registrar-General to remove from office an

officer in any case in which the Registrar-

General is satisfied that the officer has been

guilty of serious default in the performance of the duties imposed on him by the Registration

Acts or any regulations made thereunder;

(h) applying with the necessary modifications and

adaptations any of the provisions of this Act

relating to the transfer, superannuation and

compensation of officers.

(2) Every scheme under this section shall provide

for conferring on the clerk of the county council or the

town clerk of the county borough such general poweis

of supervising the administration within the county or

county borough of the provisions of the Registration

Part IL

— coni.

72

Part II.

— cont.

Salary of

Registrar-

General.

Amendment

of law as

to method

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

Acts as may be specified in the scheme, and in particular

powers with respect to—

(a) the fixing of the hours of attendance of officers;

(b) the distribution of business between officers;

(c) the transfer of officers from one registration

district or sub-district to another;

and section five of the Births and Deaths Registration

Act, 1836, shall have effect as if amongst the officers

with respect to whose duties under the Registration

Acts regulations may be made under that section there

were included clerks of county councils, town clerks,

and such other officers as may be appointed under the

scheme.

(3) Every scheme under this section shall fix the

date or dates on which the scheme is to come into

operation and may fix different dates for different

provisions of the scheme or for different areas, and the

dates so fixed may be made dependent on the happening

of specified events.

(4) No scheme submitted to the Minister under

this section shall be of any effect unless and until it

is approved by the Minister and the Minister, after

considering any representations with respect to the

scheme which may be submitted to him by any officer

affected, may approve the scheme with or without

modifications.

(5) If a council fail to submit to the Minister a

scheme under this section within the time mentioned in

this section, the Registrar-General may, after consultation with the council, make a scheme for the purpose,

and any scheme so made, if approved by the Minister,

shall have effect as if it were a scheme submitted by

the council and approved by the Minister.

(0) Where a scheme has been made and approved

under this section, the Registration Acts shall have effect

subject thereto.

25. The salary of the Registrar-General shall be

such as may be determined by the Minister with the

approval of the Treasury.

26, —(1) Any person required by the Registration

Acts to give information concerning a birth may, within

three months from the date of the birth, give the

1929.

Local 'Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

73

information by making and signing in the presence of P AET U *

and delivering to such officer as may be prescribed a —-cont.

declaration in writing of the particulars required to be of g ivin 8

registered concerning the birth. jjf birth^oT *

(2) The officer in whose presence the declaration deat *

is so made shall send the declaration to the registration officer whose duty it is to make the entry in the

register, who shall in the prescribed manner enter the

birth in the register.

(3) An entry so made shall be deemed for the

purposes of the Registration Acts to have been signed

by the person who signed the declaration, and a person

making a declaration in pursuance of this section shall

be deemed to comply with the provisions of the Registration Acts as to the giving of information concerning

a birth, and with any requisition of the registration

officer made under the Registration Acts to attend and

give information concerning the birth.

(4) Section six of the Births and Deaths Registration 37 & 38 Vict.

Act, 1874, shall cease to have effect: c. 88.

Provided that the fee fixed by that Act for the

purposes of that section shall be deemed to be the fee

fixed by the Registration Acts for the purposes of this

section and shall be subject to be increased under this Act accordingly.

(5) The Minister or the Registrar-General with the

consent of the Minister may by regulations extend this

section subject to the necessary modifications to the

registration of deaths and still births.

27. This Part of this Act shall apply to the county Application

of London subject to the folio whig modifications— t '’ tendon.

(a) the functions of boards of guardians under the

Registration Acts shall be transferred to the

common council of the City of London and to

the councils of the several metropolitan boroughs

and not to the London County Council;

(b) references to counties and county boroughs and

the councils thereof shall be construed as

references to the City of London and metropolitan boroughs and to the common council

and the councils of metropolitan boroughs;

74

Part II.

— amt.

Construction and

citation.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 48.

County

roads.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(c) references to clerks of county counoils and town

clerks shall be construed as references to the

town clerks of the City of London and metropolitan boroughs.

28.—(1) The Births and Deaths Registration Act,

1926, shall be construed as one with the Births and

Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1901, and this Part of this Act, so far as it relates to the registration of births

and deaths, shall be construed as one with the Births

and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1926, and, so

far as it relates to marriages shall be construed as one

with the Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1898, and accordingly

in this Part of this Act the expression "prescribed " shall

mean prescribed by regulations made by the Minister, or

by the Registrar-General with the approval of the Minister,

under the Registration Acts.

(2) The Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836

to 1926, and this Part of this Act may be cited together

as the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to

1929, and the Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1898, and this Part

of this Act may be cited together as the Marriage Acts,

1811 to 1929.

Past HI.

Roads and Town Planning.

Roads.

29.—(1) The council of every county shall be the

highway authority as respects every road in the county

which at the appointed day is a main road, or which

would, apart from this section, at any time thereafter

have become a main road, and every such road and every

other road as respects which a county council become

by virtue of this Part of this Act the highway authority,

shall be termed a county road, and all enactments

relating to main roads shall as from the appointed day

have effect as if for references therein to main roads

there were substituted references to county roads.

(2) The council of every county shall, in relation

to county roads in the county (not being roads with

respect to which an urban district council have claimed

or are deemed to have claimed to exercise the functions

' of maintenance and repair) have the like functions as with

respect to main roads and all roads in relation to which

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

75

they have those functions and the materials thereof and

all drains belonging thereto shall vest in the county

council, and where any other drain or any sewer is used

for any purpose in connection with the drainage of any

such road, the county council shall continue to have

the right of using the drain or sewer fir such purpose.

(3) If any difference arises between the county

council and any district council as respects the council

in whom a drain is vested, or as to the use of any

drain or sewer, the difference shall, if either council so

require, be determined by the Minister.

(4) As from the appointed day, the council of every

county shall exercise the functions of maintenance, repair and improvement of, or other dealing with, every

bridge in the county repairable by the inhabitants at

large which carries a county road, and section one

hundred and nineteen of the Municipal Corporations

Act, 1882 (which relates to the maintenance of borough

bridges), shall cease to have effect as respects any bridge

which carries a county road, and notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section thirty-five of the Local

Government Act, 1888, no borough shall be exempt from

contributing towards the costs incurred by a county

council for the purpose of the maintenance, repair and

improvement of, or other doaling with, bridges.

30.—(1) As from the appointed day, every comity

council shall be the highway authority as res} eels such

part of the county as is for the time being comprised in

any rural district and a, s respects the highways therein,

and as such shall have all such functions under the

Highway Acts, 1835 to 1885, as were exercisable by

rural district councils who by virtue of the Local

Government Act, 1894, became successors of highway

hoards, and rural district, councils, shall cease to he

highway authorities:

Provided that nothing in tins section shall affect

the functions of rural district councils under the Local

Government Act, 1894, as respects rights of way and

encroachments on roadside wastes, or any functions not

being fwnctb ns with respect t<> highways exercisable

at the appointed day by rural district councils as

successors to surveyors of highways or highway boards.

PARTilll.

— coni .,

Transfer to

county

councils of

functions

with respect

to highways

in rural

districts.

76

I’AET III.

•— cont.

Transfer of

classified

roads in

urban

districts to

county

council.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(2) As from the appointed day, a county council

shall with respect to such part of the county as is for

the time being comprised in any rural district have the

functions of an urban district council or a local authority

under the enactments mentioned in the first column of

Parts I and II of the First Schedule to this Act, as

amended by any subsequent enactment, subject however

to such modifications as are mentioned in the second

column of that Schedule; and those enactments shall

apply accordingly.

(3) Functions under section one hundred and fifty of the Public Health Act, 1875, and under the enactments

mentioned in the first column of Part I of the First

Schedule to this Act shall as from the appointed day

cease to be exercisable by rural district councils, and

any rural district council who for the time being are

invested with functions under any of the enactments

mentioned in the first column of Part II of that Schedule

shall not be entitled to exercise those functions except

with the consent of the county council.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the right of

any rural district council having such power to exercise

the power of making byelaws under section one hundred

and fifty-seven of the Public Health Act, 1875, with

lespect to the level, width and construction of neAV

streets:

Provided that a rural district council before making

any such byelaws shall consult with the county council,

and if a rural district council do not within six months

after a notice from the county council requiring them

to do so exercise the power of making such byelaws,

the county council may themselves exercise the power.

31.—(1) As from the appointed day, the county

council shall be the highway authority as respects all

classified roads which, immediately before the appointed

day, were vested in the councils of urban districts within

the county.

(2) When after the appointed day any road vested

in an urban district council becomes a classified road,

the county council shall thereupon become the highway

authority as respects that road.

(3) It shall not be lawful for the Minis ter of Transport on or after the appointed day to make an order

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

77

declaring that a road which is for the time being a classified Part III.

road has ceased to be a county road. —cont.

(4) Section four of the Highways and Bridges Act, 54 & 53 Vict.

1891, shall as from the appointed day cease to have c - 63.

effect so far as it provides that no order declaring that

a county road within a municipal borough has ceased to

be a county road and has become an ordinary road shall

be made without the consent of the council of the borough

having been first obtained; but before any such order

is made by the Minister of Transport he shall consider any

representation which the council of the borough may

make with reference thereto and shall, if so requested

by the council of the borough, held a local inquiry.

(5) As from the appointed day, a county council

shall, with respect to county roads, and roads which,

when constructed, are intended to become county roads

(not being roads with respect to which an urban district

council have claimed or are deemed to have claimed to

exercise the functions of maintenance and repair), have

within an urban district in the county the functions

of an urban district council or a local authority under the

enactments mentioned in the first column of Parts III,

IV and V of the First Schedule to this Act, as amended

by any subsequent enactment, subject, however, to such

modifications as are mentioned in the second column of

that Schedule; and those enactments shall apply

accordingly.

As respects such roads as aforesaid, functions under

the enactments mentioned in the first column of Part III

of the said Schedule shall, as from the appointed day,

cease to be exercisable by an urban district council, and

functions under the enactments mentioned in the first

column of Parts IV and V of the said Schedule shall, as

from the appointed day, be exercisable by the urban

district council as well as by the county council; but as

respects the functions mentioned in the first column of

Part V of that Schedule, only with the consent of the

county council.

(6) Where after the appointed day any area, being

or forming part of a rural district, is by a provisional

or other order constituted an urban district, the order

may provide that any unclassified roads within that area

shall continue to be county roads and where the order

contains such a provision as respects any roads the order

78

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part in.

' — cant.

Eights of

certain

urban

district

councils

to maintain

county

roads.

may provide for contributions being made by the urban

district council to the comity council towards the cost of the maintenance and repair of those roads of such amounts

as may be agreed between the councils or, in default of

agreement, determined by the Minister of Transport.

32.—(1) Where an urban district has a population

exceeding twenty thousand, the urban district council

may claim to exercise the functions of maintenance and

repair of any county road within their district, and if

a claim is made within the time hereinafter limited, then,

as from such date as is hereinafter mentioned, the urban

district council shall be entitled to exercise those functions,

and the road shall vest in that council, and for the

purpose of the maintenance, repair and improvement of,

and other dealing with, any such road, that council shall

have the same functions as if they were as respects that

road the highway authority and the road were an ordinary

road vested in them.

(2) Such claim as aforesaid must be made—

(a) in the case where the population of the urban

district exceeds twenty thousand at the appointed day and the road is a road which

will by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act become a county road

on the appointed day, before the appointed

day;

(b) in the case where the population of the urban

district is found by the Registrar General’s

preliminary report on any census subsequent

to the appointed day to exceed for the first

time twenty thousand and the road is a

county road at the date of the publication of the report, within twelve months after that

date;

(c) in the case of any enactment adding an area

to an existing urban district of which the

population exceeds twenty thousand, within

twelve months after the date when the

enactment takes effect;

(d) in the ease of any enactment constitutin' f a

new" urban district or adding an area to

an existing urban district, in consequent

wlareof the urban district becom* s an urban

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

79

district of which the population exceeds Past III.

twenty thousand, within twelve months after —cent. *

the date when the enactment takes effect;

(e) in the case of any road which becomes a

county road after the appointed day, or after

the date mentioned in any of the last three

foregoing paragraphs, as the case may require, within twelve months after the date

when it so becomes a county road.

(3) The date as from which the right of maintenance and repair shall be exercisable shall—

(a) where the claim is made before the appointed

day, be the appointed day;

(b) in any other case be the first day of April in the

year following the calendar year in which the

claim is made:

Provided that as respects any county roads which—

(a) may be declared by the Minister of Transport

to be roads towards the construction or

improvement of which by the county

council advances have been made under the

Development and Road Improvement Funds 9 Edw. 7.

Act, 1909, as amended by any subsequent c. 47.

enactment, and to be roads the maintenance

and repair of which should, having regard to

the best means of promoting economy and

efficiency in highway administration, remain

vested in the county council; or

(b) being situate in a county within which at

the commencement of this Act there was in

force a local Act empowering urban district

councils to relinquish any functions of maintenance and repair retained by them in

pursuance of a claim made under subsection (2)

of section eleven of the Local Government

Act, 1888, are roads as respects which fhc

urban district council were not exercising the

functions of maintenance and repair at the

commencement of this Act;

the date as from which the right of maintenance and

repair f claimed under this section shall be exercisable

shall be deferred until such date as the Minister of Transport may by order determine, and every such order shall

Local Government Act, 1929.

80

Past HI.

— cont.

Ch. 17.

19 Geo. 5.

be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is

made.

(4) Any urban district council for the time being so

responsible for the maintenance and repair of any county

road within their district may at any time, with the consent of the county council, relinquish their functions as regards

the maintenance and repair of the county road, and as

from the first day of April next after the date of

relinquishment the county road and the functions of

maintaining and repairing it shall vest in the county

council in like manner as if the urban district council

had made no claim under subsection (1) of this section.

In the event of the county council withholding

consent under this subsection, the urban district council

may appeal to the Minister of Transport, who may make

such order thereon as he thinks fit, and the order shall

be binding on the county council and the urban district

council.

(5) Where at the appointed day any urban district

council are in pursuance of subsection (2) of section eleven

of the Local Government Act, 1888, exercising the functions

of maintaining and repairing any main road, then—

(a) if the population of the urban district exceeds

twenty thousand at the appointed day the

council thereof shall be deemed to have duly

made a claim under this section as respects

the road, unless before the appointed day they

give to the county council notice in writing to

the contrary;

(b) in any other case the right of the urban district

council to maintain and repair the road shall as

from the appointed day determine, and the road

and the functions of maintaining and repairing

it shall vest in the county council.

(6) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression "road " does not include

county bridges; and

(b) the population of an urban district shall.

subject as hereinafter provided, be ascertained

according to the last census for the time

being:

Provided that the population of an urban

district at the appointed day shall be taken to

be the estimated population of that district for

the year nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

33.—(1) Where an urban district council are in pursuance of the last foregoing section of this Act responsible

for the maintenance and repair of a county road within

their district, the county council shall—

(a) make annual payments (by quarterly instalments) towards the cost of the maintenance

and repair of the road and any reasonable

improvement connected with the maintenance

and repair thereof, of such amount as may be

determined in manner hereinafter provided; and

(b) contribute towards the expenses of any improvement of the road, not being expenses hi connection with the maintenance and repair of the road, hi any such case and to such extent,

if any, as, failing agreement between the urban

district council and the county council, may be

determined by the Minister of Transport; and

the Minister of Transport in making his determination shall have regard to the extent to which

the improvement is required for the purposes of

through traffic and local traffic respectively, and

to the extent to which the improvement is of the nature of a town improvement.

(2) Every urban district council so responsible for the

maintenance and repair of a county road shall, on or before

the fifteenth day of December in each year, submit to

the county council for their approval (which shall not

be unreasonably withheld) a detailed estimate of the

cost of maintenance and repair and reasonable improvement connected with the maintenance and repair

of the road for the ensuing financial year, and on such

estimate being so approved, either with or without

modifications, the amount to be paid by the county

council under the last foregoing subsection in respect of

such maintenance, repair and improvement shall be the

amount of that estimate, or of that estimate as amended

by any supplementary estimate submitted and approved

as hereinafter provided, or such less sum as may have

been actually expended thereon by the urban district

council during the said financial year:

Provided that in no case shall a county council be

liable to make a payment towards such costs until they

are satisfied by a report of their surveyor or such other

person as they may appoint for the purpose that the

F

81

Part in.

— cont.

Contributions by

county

councils to

countyroads

maintained

by urbaD

district

counoils.

82

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

pabt m.

c — cont.

Agreements

between

county

councils

and urban

district

councils

with respect

to unclassified

roads.

Delegation

of road

functions by

comity

councils to

district

councils.

works of maintenance, repair or improvement are being

or have been properly executed.

(3) The urban district council may at any time and

from time to time submit a detailed supplementary

estimate for the approval of the comity council, which

approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(4) Any question whether the approval of the county

council has been unreasonably withheld, or whether any

works of maintenance, repair or improvement are being

or have been properly executed, or as to the liability

of a county council to make a payment under this section

shall be determined by the ^Minister of Transport.

34. As from the appointed day, a county council

may by agreement with the council of any urban district

within the county undertake, in consideration of such

payments as may be agreed, the maintenance, repair

and improvement of any unclassified road within the

urban district, and any road with respect to which such

an agreement is for the time being in force shall be vested

in the county council, and that council and the urban

district council, respectively, shall have in regard to it

the same functions as they would have if it were a

county road.

35. —(1) The council of any district wholly or

partly within a county may within three months after the

commencement of tins Act apply to the comity council

for the delegation to them as from the appointed day of the functions of the county council with respect to the

maintenance, repair and improvement of, and other

dealing with—

(a) the whole of the unclassified roads, exclusive of

county bridges, within the district or such part

of the district as is within the county;

(b) all or any of the classified roads, exclusive of

comity bridges, within the district or such part

of the district as is within the county;

(c) all or any of the county bridges within the

district or such part of the district as is within

the comity.

(2) In so far as the application is in respect of

unclassified roads, the county council shall grant the

application unless they are satisfied that having regard

to the best means of promoting economy and efficiency

192!*.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

S3

in highway administration throughout the county and

to the particular circumstances of the district in respect

of which the application is made the application ought

not to he granted.

(3) In so far as the application is in respect of

classified roads or county bridges, the county council shall '

have unit ttered discretion whether or not to grant the

application.

(49 Before the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, every county council shall prepare

and submit to the Minister of Transport a statement

specifying the applications made under tins section and

the council’s decisions thereon, and in any case in which

an application for the delegation of functions in respect

of unclassified roads has been refused, the grounds on

which the refusal was based and shall send to the council

of every district who have made application under this

section a copy of so much of the statement as affects the

district, and the council of any district whose application

for the delegation of functions relating to unclassified roads

has not been granted by the county council may within

one month after the receipt of such copy, or, if the county

council have failed to comply with the provisions of this

subsection, before the first day of November, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, appeal to the Minister of

Transport, who, if satisfied that the application should

have been granted, may by order direct the county

council to grant the application, and the county council

shall comply with any direction so given.

(5) After the appointed day the council of any district wholly or partly within a county to whom any such

functions as are mentioned in subsection (1) of tins

section are not for the time being delegated may

apply to the county council for the delegation of

those functions, and in the event of the county council

refusing or failing within three months to grant the application so far as it relates to unclassified roads, the

district council may within one month of such refusal or

failure appeal to the Minister of Transport, who, if

satisfied that the application should have been granted,

may by order direct the county council to grant the

application so far as it relates to unclassified roads; and

the county council shall comply with any direction so

given:

Part III.

— coni *

84

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part III.

• — cont.

Conditions

and effect of

delegation

of functions.

Provided that an application under tills subsection

shall not, -without the consent of the Minister of Transport, be made except in the year nineteen hundred and

thirty-four, the year nineteen hundred and thirty-nine or

any succeeding year being the fifth year after the last

•year hi which such an application might have been made.

(6) The council of any district wholly or partly

within a county to whom any functions have been delegated under this section may, by giving notice in writing

to the county council, relinquish those functions.

(7) The county council by whom any functions have

been delegated to a district council under this section

may, by giving notice in writing to the district council,

determine the delegation:

Provided that, if and so far as the notice relates to

unclassified roads, the district council shall be entitled

within one month after receiving the notice, to appeal to

the Minister of Transport who, if satisfied that the

delegation of functions as respects unclassified roads

should not be determined, may by order cancel the

notice given by the county council.

(8) An application for the delegation of functions

and a notice of the relinquishment of the delegation of

functions or of the determination of the delegation of

functions under the three last foregoing subsections of this

section must be made before the first day of October in

any year, and the delegation, relinquishment or determination shall take effect as from the first day of April in

the next following year.

36.—(1) Where in pursuance of the last foregoing

section functions are delegated to a district council, the

district council, in the discharge of those functions, shall

act as agents for the county council, and it shall be a

condition of any such delegation—

(a) that the works to be executed and the expenditure

to be incurred by the district council in the

discharge of those functions shall be subject to

the approval of the county council; and

(b) that the district council shall comply with any

requirement of the county council as to the

manner in which and the persons by whom any

works are to be carried out and with any

1921).

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

85

general directions of the county council as to Part III.

the terms of contracts to be entered into for — cunt.,

such purposes; and

(c) that the works shall be completed to the satisfaction of the county council;

and if at any time the county council are satisfied on the

report of their surveyor or other person appointed for

the purpose that any portion of a road with respect to

which functions are so delegated is not in proper repair

and condition, the county council may cause notice to be

given to the district council requiring them to place the

road in proper repair and condition, and if such notice is

not complied with within a reasonable time, the county

council may do anything that seems to them necessary

to place the road in proper repair and condition.

(2) Where in pursuance of the foregoing section

functions are delegated to a district council, then, so long

as the delegation is in force, the district council shall

discharge as agents for the county council the functions

of the county council within the district under the

enactments mentioned in Part I or Part III of the First

Schedule to this Act, as the case may require, except so

far as those functions relate to roads with respect to

which functions are not delegated to the district council:

Provided that—

(a) the county council may impose on the district

council such conditions as they think fit with

respect to any action to be taken by the district

council in the discharge of such functions as

aforesaid, and -with respect to any work being

completed to their satisfaction;

(b) if for the purpose of making any contribution

towards the cost of private street works or

for any other purpose in connection with

such functions as aforesaid the district council

desire to incur expenditure which in the

opinion of the county council would not be

properly chargeable iu general county expenses,

the district council shall have the same powders

of raising money for the purposes of any such

expenditure as they would have had if the

functions under the said enactments had been

directly vested in them;

86

Part III.

<— cont.

55 & SOVict.

c. 57.

Amendment

of law with

respect to

declaring

roads to be

county

roads.

41 & 42 Vict.

c. 77.

Saving as to

highways

repaira ble

by persons

other than

highway

authorities.

S & 6 Will. 4.

c. 50.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(c) the surveyor of the district council shall be

the surveyor for the purposes of the Private

Street Works Act, 1892.

37 . — (1)The grounds on which an application by an

urban district council can be made under section fifteen

of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act,

1878, for an order declaring a road to be a county road

shall include the ground that the road is a road situate

in a part of the urban district which is of a rural

character.

(2) If on an application made under section fifteen

of the said Act a county council refuse to make an order

declaring the highway which is the subject of the application to be a county road, or fail for a period of six

months after the application to make such an order, or

if, having made such an order, the county council refuse

or fail to confirm the order within six months of the

making thereof, the applicant authority may appeal to

the Minister of Transport who may, after considering

any representations made by the county council, and,

if the council so require, after holding a local inquiry,

make an order declaring the highway to be a, county

road.

(3) An order of the Minister of Transport under this

section shall have effect as if it were an order made and

confirmed by the county council under the said section

fifteen, and shall come into operation on such date as

may be fixed by the order.

38 . — (1)Nothing in this Act with respect to main

roads or county roads shall affect the liability of any

person or body of persons to maintain and repair any

highway or part of a highway not repairable by the

inhabitants at large, or, subject as hereinafter provided,

affect any exemption from a highway rate granted under

section thirty-three of the Highway Act, 1835, or under

any other enactment, as continued by any scheme in

force under section sixty-four of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925:

Provided that for the purpose of securing the continued operation of any such exemption as; in iid—

(a) the council of every county in which any such

exemption is in force shall submit to tic Minister

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

87

a scheme making provision for the purpose

aforesaid; and

(b) the provisions contained or incorporated in paragraphs (6), (c) and (d) of subsection (2) of the

said section sixty-four and in the proviso to

such subsection with respect to the making,

approval and effect of schemes to be made

thereunder shall apply to schemes to be made

under this section with the substitution of

references to county councils for references to

rating authorities.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" highway " includes any bridge carrying the highway.

39. —(1) In any case in which a public utility

undertaking sustains damage by reason of the exercise

by a county council, in relation to any road vested in

them by virtue of this Part of this Act, of functions

which before the road was so vested were only exercise-

able in relation thereto by district councils under the

powers of the Public Health Act, 1875, section three

hundred and eight of that Act (which relates to compensation) shall apply as if for the reference therein to

a local authority there were substituted a reference to

the county council, and as if the functions had been

exercised under the powers of that Act.

(2) In this section " public utility undertaking "

means any company or authority which carries on a gas,

water, hydraulic power, electricity, tramway, light railway or trolley vehicle undertaking, and the expression

" trolley vehicle " has the same meaning as in the Road

Transport Lighting Act, 1927.

Town Planning.

40. —(1) Where after the appointed day the council

of a county and any local authority or local authorities

under the Town Planning Act, 1925, are desirous of

acting jointly in the preparation or adoption of a

town planning scheme, they shall be entitled to do

so, and the council and the local authority or authorities

may concur in appointing out of their respective bodies

a joint committee for the purpose, and in conferring,

with or without restrictions, on such a joint committee

any powers which the local authority or local authorities

might exercise for the purpose.

Part III.

— cont.

Application

of 38 & 39

Vict. c. 5.).

s. 3< >S in

certain

cases *

17 & IS

Itco. 5. c. 37.

Power of

county

councils to

act jointly

with other

1 »cal Hutho-

nl ics in

I ri p nation

>r adoption

ot a t nvn

pi inning

si heme.

15 Geo 5.

c, 10.

8S

Part III.

— cant.

C

Powar to

combine

councils for

the purposes

of town

planning

schemes.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5

(2) Where a joint committee of two or more local

authorities has been constituted under proviso (ii) to

subsection (1) of section two of the Town Planning Act,

1925, or under any corresponding enactment repealed by

that Act, and at any time after the appointed day the

council of the county of which the district of any of the local authorities forms part are desirous of being

represented on the committee, they shall be entitled to

appoint such number of members of the committee on

such terms as may be agreed with the local authorities

or, failing agreement, as may be determined by the Minister; but neither the identity of the committee, nor

the validity of any previous proceedings of the committee,

shall be thereby affected.

(3) The provisions of sections fifty-seven and fifty-

eight of the Local Government Act, 1S94, with regard

to joint committee's shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to any joint committee appointed under this

section as if county councils were included amongst the

councils in those sections mentioned; subject, however,

to this modification, that any difference as to the proportions in which costs incurred by a joint committee are

to be defrayed by the councils by whom it is appointed

shall be determined by the Minister.

(4) This section shall extend to the county of London.

41.—(1) Where it appears to the Minister that it

is expedient that two or more local authorities (including

county councils) should be combined for purposes connected with the preparation or adoption of a town

planning scheme, it shall be lawful for the Minister, by

older, to provide for the constitution of a joint committee

for the purpose, and to confer on such a joint committee

any powers which a local authority under the Town

Planning Act, 1925, might exercise in relation to the

preparation or adoption of a t own planning scheme:

Provided that the Minister, before making such an

order, shall hold a local inquiry unless all the local

authorities whom it is proposed to combine, asstnt.

(2) The order may provide for the apportionment

of the r» prt s< nt.ition on the cominittfe to the m veral

uuthoiiti* s, as to the functions of the joint committee,

and as to tleir expenses.

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

(3) The order may, where necessary for the purposes

of the order, provide for the dissolution of any joint

committee which may have been constituted under

proviso (ii) to subsection (1) of section two of the Town

Planning Act, 1925, or under any corresponding enactment

repealed by that Act.

42. —(1) A town planning scheme may provide for

the county council being after the appointed day the

authority responsible for enforcing the observance of

any of the provisions of the scheme, or for the execution

of any works which under the scheme or the Town

Planning Act, 1925, are to be executed by a local

authority

(2) Where a town planning scheme has been appr< ived

by the Minister before the appointed day, and under the

scheme a rural district council are the responsible

authority as regards any functions exercisable under the

scheme which relate to roads, streets, or buihling lines,

the county council shall as from the appointed day

become the responsible authority as regards those

functions in place of the rural district council:

Provided that the Minister may by order provide

for excepting from the functions so to be transferred to

the county council such functions as he thinks tit, or for

the discharge, subject to such conditions as may be

imposed by the order, by the rural district council on

behalf of the county council of any of the functions

transferred to the county council under tins subsection.

43. The council of any district wholly or partly

within any county may at any time after the appointed

day by agreement with the council of the county

relinquish in favour of the council of the county any

of their functions under the Town Planning Act, 1925,

or any scheme made thereunder, upon such terms

and subject to such conditions (if any) as may be

specified in the agreement, and the relinquishment may

bo made either for a specified term, or pending the rescission or variation of the agreement, and the agreement

may apply with such modifications and adaptations, if

any, as may be agreed, any of the provisions of this Act

relating to the transfer of property and liabilities and the

transfer, superannuation and comp* a nation of ollieers.

A copy of an ugr h men 4 made undt r this section

sho, ll forthwith be s rd to tie Mhos-hr.

89

Part III.

— cont.

Tower to

constitute

county

council

responsible

authority.

Power of

district

councils to

relinquish

functions tc

ci miity

council.

90

Part III.

— cont.

Amendment

of 15 (_4eo. 5.

c. 10. s. a.

Extent of

Part III.

FirHt genu-

rul review

of districts

by county

councils.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

44 . Section three of the Town Planning Act, 1925

(which required the councils of certain boroughs and

urban districts to prepare town planning schemes before

the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine) shall have effect as if for that date there were

substituted the first day of January, nineteen hundred

and thirty-four, or such later date before the thirty-first

day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, as

the Minister may in any case allow.

45 . Save as therein otherwise expressly provided,

this Part of this Act shall not extend to the county of

London.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous Local Government Provisions.

Rearrangement of County Districts.

46.—(1) The council of every county shall as soon as

may be after the commencement of this Act, after conferences with representatives of the councils of the several

districts wholly or partly within the county, review

the circumstances of all such districts and consider

whether it is desirable to effect any of the following

changes :—

(a) any alteration or definition of the boundaries of

any such district or of any parish;

(b) the union of any such district or parish with

another such district or parish;

(c) the transfer of any part of such district or parish

to another district or parish;

(d) the conversion of any such district or any part

thereof, if it is a rural district, into an urban

district, or if it is an urban district, into or so

as to form part of a rural district;

(e) the formation of any new district < r parish;

and shall forthwith after the review is completed as

respects the whole or any part of the county, and before

the first day of April, nineteen hundred and tbiity-two,

or such Liter date as the Minister may in any c i e allow,

send to the Minister a report of the review, t< geG >r with

proposals as to the changes, if any, which tit >y e insider

b'sirable:

192!).

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

91

Provided that, before making any such proposals the

county council shall consult with the councils of the

county boroughs adjoining the county, and the Minister

shall give those councils an opportunity of laying before

him their views on the proposals made by the county

council.

(2) The proposals may include proposals for the

transfer of a part of a non-county borough to another

district, or of another district or part of another district

to a non-county borough, and, if the council of the county

borough concerned agree, for an alteration of boundaries

between a county borough and the county and any

district therein; but, save as aforesaid, the proposals

shall not affect any borough.

(3) As soon as any such proposals are made to the Minister, the council making the proposals shall send

copies thereof to the councils of the several districts

affected thereby and shall publish in one or more

newspapers circulating in those districts a notice stating

that proposals have been made and that a copy thereof

is open to inspection at a specified place, and that

representations with respect thereto may be made to

the Minister within six weeks after the publication of the notice.

(4) The Minister shall consider the proposals and

any representations with respect to the proposals, or any

of them, which may have been made by any local authorities (including parish councils and parish meetings) or

any local government electors affected thereby, and

either may make an order giving effect to the proposals,

or any of them, with or without modifications, or may

refuse to make such an order:

Provided that, if an objection with respect to any

proposal is made by a local authority affected thereby,

and is not withdrawn, the Minister shall not make an

order giving effect to the proposal without first holding

a local inquiry into the objection.

(5) If, either on representations made by a district

council or otherwise it appears to the Minister, after

consultation with such authorities as appear to him to

be interested, that there is a prima facie case for making

any such change as aforesaid, and that the county

council have failed to make a proposal for the purpose

within the time allowed, the Minister shall publish in

Part IV.

— cont.

92

Part IV.

— rout.

Subsequent

periodical

reviews.

Sav'ng of

jin i era

mi it-r and

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

one or more newspapers circulating in the districts

affected a notice stating that he proposes to make the

change, and that a copy of his proposals is open to

inspection at a specified place, and that representations

with respect thereto may be made to him within six

weeks after the publication of the notice; and the Minister after considering any representations which may

be made within that period, and, if any objections are

made by any local authority and are not withdrawn,

after holding a local inquiry with respect to the proposals to which the objections relate, may make an

order effecting the change or such modified change as

appears to him to be expedient.

(6) If it appears to the Minister that the council of a

county have within three years before the commencement

of this Act undertaken a general review of the circumstances of districts within the county, the Minister may

direct that such review, whether completed before or after

the commencement of this Act, shall for the purposes

of this Part of this Act be treated as a review for w hieh

provision is made under subsection (1) of this section.

(7) An order under this section shall be laid before

Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

47. —(1) A county council may subsequently whenever they think it desirable, and shall if so required by

the Minister, review generally the circumstances of the

districts within the county, so, however, that the

interval between the original review and the first review

under tills section, or between any two reviews under

this section, shall in no case be less than ten years.

(2) The provisions of the last foregoing section shall

apply to every review under this section with such

modifications as are necessary, and with this modification

that if within four weeks after the making by the Minister of an order under this section objection

thereto is made by the council of a borough to which

the order relates and is not withdrawn, the order of the Minister shall be provisional only and shall not have

effect unless and until confirmed by Parliament.

48. —(1) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect

the power of making orders under section fifty-four or

section fifty-seven of the Local Government Act, 1S8S,

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

93

but the said section fifty-seven shall have effect subject Part IV.

to the following amendments :— —coni.

(a) it shall be lawful for a county council to make ments of

an order under the section without a

having been made to the council:

c. 41.

(b) the county council on making, and the Minister

on confirming, an order may make such modifications in the original proposals or the order as

the county council or Minister think fit; but

before any such modifications are made, notice

of the intention to make them shall be given to

all local authorities concerned, and such local

authorities shall be given an opportunity of

making representations thereon:

(c) it shall be lawful for the Minister either to modify

or to refuse to confirm an order under the

section whether or not a petition against the

order has been presented, but before doing so

the Minister shall, if so requested by the county

council or the council or parish meeting, if any,

by whom the proposals were made, cause a local

inquiry to be held:

(d) if a proposal under the Bection has been made

by the council of a district or parish, or by a

parish meeting, and the county council i*efuse

or neglect to hold a local inquiry or to make

an order under the section, the council or

meeting which made the proposal may apply

to the Minister, and the Minister may, after

giving the county council an opportunity of

making representations, hold a local inquiry, or

make any such order as the county council

might have made, as the case may be.

(2) The said section fifty-seven shall in its application

to county borough councils have effect subject to the

amendments effected by this section so far as applicable, and as if for references to county councils there

were therein substituted references to county borough

councils.

(3) This section so far as it amends the said section

fifty-seven shall extend to the county of London.

proposal a. 57 of 51 &

52 Vict.

94

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Adjustment

of boundaries of

counties and

county

boroughs.

Review by

county

councils of

electoral

divisions.

49.—(1) Where at the commencement of this Act

any district or parish is not wholly comprised within one

county, or where a part of a county is wholly detached

therefrom, the county councils concerned shall as soon as

may be take the case into consideration, and if as a result

of such consideration a joint representation is made

to the Minister by those councils, the Minister may,

after holding a local inquiry, except 'in cases where he is

satisfied that an inquiry is unnecessary, by order make

such alteration of the counties as may be necessary to

secure that the whole of the district or parish shall be

within a single county, or to provide that such detached

part shall be included in or divided amongst the county

or counties surrounding it.

(2) The Minister may, on a joint representation

being made by the council of a county and the council

of a county borough, after holding a local inquiry, except

in cases where he is satisfied that an inquiry is unnecessary,

by order alter or define the boundary between the county

and the county borough.

(3) An order under this section shall be laid before

Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

Review of Electoral Divisions .

50.—(1) The council of every county, as soon as

may be after completing the first general review of the

circumstances of districts wholly or partly within the

county made or treated as having been made by them

under this Part of this Act, shall review the electoral

divisions of the county and shall consider whether any

alteration of the boundary of any such division, or of the number of county councillors and electoral divisions

in the county, is desirable, and shall forthwith, after the

review is completed and before the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and thirty-three, or such later date

as the Secretary of State may in any case allow, send

to the Secretary of State a report of the review, together

with proposals as to the alterations (if any) which they

consider desirable, and any such proposals shall have

effect as if they had been a representation made to the

Secretary of State under section fifty-four of the Local

Government Act, 1888:

1020.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

93

Provided that, if in the case of any county the Part IV.

Secretary of State is satisfied after considering such repre- roni -

sentations, if any, as may be made by local authorities

in the comity, that it is unnecessary to make any such

review as aforesaid, he may direct that this section shall

not apply as respects that county.

(2) If either on representations made by a local

authority or otherwise it appears to the Secretary of

State, after consultation with such authorities as appear to

him to be interested, that there is a prima facie case for

making any such alteration as aforesaid and that the

county council have failed to make a proposal for the

purpose within the time allowed, the Secretary of State

shall publish in one or more newspapers circulating in

the county a notice that he proposes to make the alteration, and that a copy of his proposals is open to inspection

at a specified place, and that representations with respect

thereto may be made to him within six weeks after the

publication of the notice, and the Secretary of State,

after considering any representations which may be

made within that period, and if any objections are made

by any local authority and are not withdrawn, after

holding a local inquiry with respect to the proposals to

which the objections relate, may make an order effecting

the alteration or such modified alteration as appears to

him to be expedient.

(3) An order made under this section shall be laid

before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

Miscellaneous.

51 . — (1)The council of any county or county Reports and

borough, or of any district, and the common council of returns,

the City of London and the council of any metropolitan

borough and any joint committee or joint board appointed jointly by two or more such councils as aforesaid

shall make to the Minister such reports and returns and

give him such information with respect to their functions

as he may require.

(2) This section shall extend to the county of

London.

52 . — (1)As from the appointed day it shall, subject Travelling

to the provisions of this section, be lawful for the eomicil expenses,

of any county to defray any expenses necessarily incurred

96

Part IV.

— cont.

Borrowing

and appropriation of

land by

councils of

counties

and

boroughs.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 53.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

by members of the council or of any committee thereof

to which this section applies in travelling to and from

meetings of the council or committee or in travelling

by direction of the council or committee for the purpose

of earning out any inspection necessary for the discharge

of the functions of the council or committee.

(2) No expenses which a county council have, apart

from this section, power to defray shall be defrayed under

this section, and this section shall not affect any such

power.

(3) No expenditure by a county council under this

section shall be taken into account for the purpose of

determining the amount of any sum payable to the

council out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) This section shall apply to any committee of a

county council appointed for the discharge of functions

throughout the whole area for which the county council

is charged with those functions, and shall also apply to

any sub-committee or joint committee so appointed as

if it were a committee of the council.

(5) In this section the expression "sub-committee "

means a sub-committee of a committee of a county council,

and the expression "joint committee" means a joint

committee or joint board appointed by a county council

jointly with the council of another county or of a

borough or with a court of quarter sessions.

53 . — (1)Subsection (5) of section sixty-nine of the

Local Government Act, 1888, and subsection (1) of

section one hundred and twelve of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, which fix respectively the maximum

period within which loans by county councils and by

councils of boroughs are to be repaid, shall have effect

as if for " thirty years " there were substituted " sixty

years."

(2) A county council may, subject to the approval

of the Minister and subject to the like restrictions as are

contained in section ninety-five of the Public Health

Acts Amendment Act, 1907, with respect to the appropriation of land by local authorities under that section,

appropriate for any purpose for which they are authorised

to acquire land any land acquired by the council for

some other purpose and not required for that purpose:

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

97

Provided that, where powers of appropriation of land

are conferred on a county council by any other enactment, nothing in this subsection shall affect the powers

under that enactment or dispense with the necessity for

complying with any conditions imposed by any such

enactment.

54. Section two hundred and thirty-six of the

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882 (which contains provisions as to the publication of notices and correspondence with respect to the approval of sales, loans,

and other financial arrangements proposed to be effected

by certain councils) shall cease to have effect.

55. Subject as hereinafter provided, the council

of a rural district shall have the like powers of promoting

and opposing Bills in Parliament and of prosecuting or

defending any legal proceedings necessary for the promotion or protection of the interests of the inhabitants of

their district as are conferred on councils of urban

districts by the Borough Funds Acts, 1872 and 1903, and

accordingly in those Acts, the expressions " governing

body " and " council " shall include the council of a

rural district, and the expression "chairman " shall

include the chairman of such a council:

Provided that section one of the Borough Funds

Act, 1903, and the other provisions of that Act relating

to meetings and polls of electors, shall not apply as

respects rural district councils.

56. —(1) Where any expenses of a rural district

council, whether incurred before or after the commencement of this Act, are payable as special expenses, the

council may determine to contribute as part of their

expenditure for general purposes such sums as appear to

them to be reasonable in or towards defraying such

expenses, and to treat the remainder, if any, as special

expenses.

(2) A rural district council may apportion in such

proportions as they think just between any two or more

contributory places any expenses, whether incurred before

or after the commencement of this Act, which are chargeable as special expenses, and any expenses so apportioned

to any contributory place shall be deemed to be special

expenses legally incurred in respect of that contributory

place.

Part IV.

— cent.

Repeal of

45 & 46

Vict. c. 50.

s. 236.

Application

of Borough

Funds Acts

to rural

district

councils.

Provisions

as to expenses of

rural district councils.

G

98

Part IV.

— cont.

Kelations

between

county

councils and

district

councils in

respect of

public

health functions.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(3) Any determination or apportionment by a rural

district council under this section shall be binding and

conclusive on all parties concerned, notwithstanding any

enactment conferring a right of appeal to quarter

sessions.

57. —(1) The council of a county may agree to contribute towards the expenditure incurred, whether before

or after the commencement of this Act, by the council

of a district wholly or partly within the county in the

provision or- maintenance of any sewers or sewage

disposal works, or of a supply of water, or in the improvement of an existing supply of water, such sums as

appear to them to be reasonable having regard to the

resources of the district and the circumstances of the case.

(2) The council of any district may at any

time by agreement with the council of the county

relinquish in favour of the council of the county any

of their functions relating to public health upon such

terms and subject to such conditions, if any, as may

be specified in the agreement, and the relinquishment

may be made either for a specified term, or pending the

rescission or variation of the agreement, and any

agreement made under this subsection may apply with

such modifications and adaptations, if any, as may be

agreed any of the provisions of this Act relating to the

transfer of property and liabilities and the transfer,

superannuation and compensation of officers.

A copy of an agreement made under this subsection

shall forthwith be sent to the Minister.

(3) Where it appears to the Minister that the council

of any district wholly or partly within a county have

made default in providing their district or any part

thereof with a sewerage system or sewage disposal works

or an adequate supply of water, or in discharging any

other function relating to public health which it is their

duty to discharge, the Minister may cause a local inquiry

to be made into the matter, and—

(a) if after such inquiry the Minister is satisfied that

there has been such default, he may make an

order limiting a time for the discharge of the

function by the council of the district; and

(b) if the function is not discharged by the time limited

in the order, the Minister may by order transfer

to the county council the fimetion with respect

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

99

to which default has been made either for a

definite period or until he may otherwise direct,

and the order may apply, with such modifications and adaptations, if any, as appear necessary

or expedient, any of the provisions of this Act

relating to the transfer, superannuation and

compensation of officers and any of the provisions of section sixty-three of the Local Government Act, 1894.

(4) Sections two hundred and ninety-nine to three

hundred and two of the Public Health Act, 1875, shall

cease to have effect as respects district councils.

58. — (1) The council of every county shall, after

consultation with the councils of districts wholly or

partly within the county, formulate arrangements for

securing, whether by means of a combination of districts

or otherwise, that every medical officer of health subsequently appointed for a district shall be restricted by

the terms of his employment from engaging in private

practice as a medical practitioner.

(2) The county council shall, as soon as may be,

send a copy of the instrument embodying the arrangements to the Minister and to the council of every such

district, and every such council shall be at liberty to

make representations thereon to the Minister.

(3) If a county council within six months after being

required to do so by the Minister fail to formulate such

arrangements as aforesaid, the Minister after consulting

the county council and the councils of all such districts

may formulate any such arrangements as the county

council might have formulated.

(4) Where such arrangements as aforesaid have been

formulated, then, on a vacancy occurring in the office

of medical officer of health for any such district, it

shall be a term of the appointment of a person to fill

the vacancy that he shall not engage in private practice

as a medical practitioner:

Provided that, if upon application made to him by

the council of the district in connection with any

such proposed appointment the Minister, after considering the arrangements formulated and any representations which may be made to him by the county

<4 *>

It m

Part IV.

— cent. *

Provisions

as to

medical

officers of

health.

100

Part IV.

* — cont.

Qualifications of

certain

medical

officers and

health

visitors.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 76.

Maternity

and child

welfare

services.

N< >tification

of births.

7 Edw. 7.

o. 40.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

council or by the councils of other districts concerned,

is satisfied that such a term cannot conveniently form

part of the terms of the proposed appointment, he may

dispense with the foregoing requirement as respects that

appointment on such conditions as he may think fit.

59. — (1) The Minister may make regulations prescribing the qualifications of medical officers and health

visitors appointed by a local authority under the

Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918, the Public

Health (Tuberculosis) Act, 1921, or any regulations for

the treatment of venereal disease made under the Public

Health Acts, 1875 to 1926, and the Public Health (London)

Act, 1891; and no person shall be appointed as such

a medical officer or health visitor whose qualifications

are not in accordance with the regulations.

(2) This section shall extend to the county of

London.

60. Where in any district any services under the

Maternity and Child Welfare Act, 1918, are being provided b}'- a council who are not the local education

authority for elementary education for the district, and

the Minister, on representations being made to him

by the council who are such local education authority

for the district, is satisfied that the transfer of the

services to the council who are such local education

authority would conduce to the more efficient administration in the district of the functions relating to public

health and education, the Minister may, by order—

(a) withdraw his sanction to any arrangements

made under the Maternity and Child Welfare

Act, 1918, by the council who are providing the

services, and

(b) provide for the transfer of the sorvices to the

council who are such local education authority,

and any such order may apply with the necessary modifications any of the provisions of this Act relating to the transfer of property and

liabilities and the transfer, superannuation and

compensation of officers.

61. — (1) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, make an

order under proviso (6) of subsection (4) of section two

of the Notification of Births Act, 1907, declaring that

that Act shall take efieet as if it had been adopted by

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

the council of a district or by the council of a county,

as the case may be, notwithstanding that no application

has been made to him for that purpose.

(2) Where an order has been made under the said

proviso, the Minister may at any time if he is satisfied

that it is expedient to do so, make a further order

revoking the original order, and thereupon the county

council or the district council, as the case may be, shall

again become the authority for the purposes of the

Notification of Births Act, 1907.

62. —(1) If the council of any district have established a maternity and child welfare committee and

employ a medical officer of health who, by the terms of

his appointment, is restricted from engaging in private

practice, the council may apply to the Minister to be made

the local supervising authority under the Midwives Acts,

1902 to 1926, and the Minister, if he is satisfied that the

district council are in a position to discharge the whole of the functions of a local supervising authority under those

Acts, may, by order, direct that the council shall become

the local supervising authority for the district in place

of the county council, and provide for the manner in

which the expenses of the district council and the

county council under those Acts are to be defrayed.

(2) Before making an order under the last foregoing

subsection, the Minister shall consult with the county

council and shall, if requested by them, hold a local

inquiry.

(3) Where an order has been made under subsection (1) of this section, the Minister may at any time, if

he is satisfied that the functions of the local supervising

authority should be retransferred to the county council,

make a further order revoking the original order, and

thereupon the county council shall again become the

local supervising authority under the said Acts.

63. —(1) For the purpose of securing the provision

in every county of suitable means for the proper isolation

and treatment of persons suffering from infectious

disease, the council of the county shall, as soon as may

be after the commencement of this Act, make a survey of the hospital accommodation for the treatment of infectious

disease provided by the council and by the councils of

any districts wholly or partly within the county.

101

Part IV.

— cont. •

Supervision

of midwi\ es.

Provision of

hospital accommodation for

infectious

disease.

102

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Vakt iv.

— cont.

(2) Upon the completion of the survey, the county

council shall prepare, in consultation with the councils

of all such districts and if necessary with the council of

any comity borough adjoining the county, and submit

tp the Minister for his approval, a scheme for the provision of adequate hospital accommodation for the

treatment of infectious disease within the county.

(3) The scheme may provide—

(a) for the arrangements under which and the

terms upon which accommodation in any

existing hospital belonging to the council of

a district shall be made available for the use

of the inhabitants of the county other than

those resident in the district;

(b) for the provision by the county council or

by the council of any district of new

accommodation for the treatment of infectious

disease;

(c) for embodying arrangements made between the

county council or the council of any district

and the council of any adjoining county

borough for the reception of persons residing

in the county borough into hospitals provided

by the county council or district council, and

for the reception of persons residing within

the county into hospitals provided by the

council of the county borough.

(4) No scheme submitted to the Minister under this

section shall be of any effect unless and until it is

approved by the Minister, and the Minister, after considering any representations with respect to the scheme

which may be submitted to him by any council affected,

may approve the scheme with or without modifications.

(5) If a county council fail to submit to the Minister

a scheme under this section within six months after

being required by the Minister to do so, the Minister may,

after consulting the county council and the councils

of all such districts, himself make a scheme for the purpose, and any scheme so made shall have effect as if it

were a scheme submitted by the county council and

approved by the Minister.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

103

(6) In any case in which the Minister is satisfied that

the council of a district have failed to provide accommodation in accordance with a scheme under this section,

or have otherwise failed to discharge their functions

under the scheme, the Minister, after giving to the council

of the district and the county council an opportunity of

being heard, may, if he thinks fit, by order, transfer to

the county council the functions of the council of the

district under the scheme, and the order may, for the

purpose of enabling the county council to give effect

thereto, apply, with such modifications and adaptations,

if any, as appear necessary or expedient, any of the

provisions of this Act relating to the transfer, superannuation and compensation of officers and any of the

provisions of section sixty-three of the Local Government Act, 1894.

(7) For the purposes of this section—

(a) references to councils of districts shall be

construed as including references to combinations of such councils; and

(b) the expression "infectious disease " shall not

include tuberculosis or venereal disease.

64.—(1) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, on the

application of the London County Council or of any

association or committee which is in his opinion representative of the metropolitan borough councils, by order

provide—•

(a) for the transfer to all the metropolitan borough

councils of any functions exercisable by the

county council other than functions transferred

to them under Part I of this Act; or

(b) for the exercise by any of the metropolitan

borough councils as agents for the county

council of any functions of the county council

other than functions transferred as aforesaid.

(2) Before making an order under this section, the

M ini ster shall, in the case of an application made by

the London County Council, consult such association or

committee as aforesaid, and in the case of an application

made by the association or committee, consult the London

County Council.

(3) An order under this section may, if the common

council of the City of London consent, apply to that

Part IV.

—coni

Power of

London

County

Council to

transfer or

delegate

functions to

metropolitan

borough

councils.

104

Part IV.

— cont.

Saving for

municipal

corporations and

charters.

Provisions

as to orders

and extent

of Part IV.

Total exemption of

agricultural

land and

buildings

from rates.

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 44.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

council in like manner as it applies to metropolitan

borough councils.

(4) An order under this section shall be laid before

Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

65. Save in so far as may be necessary to give

effect to any alteration or definition of boundaries made

thereunder, nothing in this Part of this Act shall prejudicially alter or affect the powers, rights, privileges or

immunities of any municipal corporation or the operation of any municipal charter.

66. —(1) Sections fifty-nine and sixty-two of the

Local Government Act, 1888, shall apply as if an order

made under this Part of this Act were an order made

under that Act.

(2) An order made under this Part of this Act shall

not bo construed as affecting the limits of any parliamentary county or parliamentary borough.

(3) Save as therein otherwise expressly provided,

this Part of this Act shall not extend to the county of

London.

Part V.

Rating and Valuation.

Relief from Rates.

67.—(1) No person shall, in respect of any period

beginning on or after the appointed day, be liable to

pay rates in respect of any agricultural land or agricultural buildings or be deemed to be in occupation

thereof for rating purposes, and notwithstanding anything in the principal Act, or in the Rating and

Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, no such land or

buildings shall be included in any rate made in respect

of a period beginning on or after that date.

(2) For the purposes of valuation lists in force at

the appointed day, agricultural land and agricultural

buildings shall be deemed to have no rateable value, and,

notwithstanding anything in the enactments hereinbefore

in this section mentioned, no particulars with respect to

such land or buildings shall be included in any subsequent valuation list.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

105

68.—(1) The rateable value of industrial hereditaments and freight transport hereditaments shall, for the

purposes of valuation lists in force at the appointed day

as from that day, and for the purposes of subsequent

valuation lists, be ascertained as follows:—

(a) in the case of an industrial hereditament or of

a freight transport hereditament shown in a

valuation list as being occupied and used wholly

for industrial purposes or wholly for transport

purposes, as the case may be, the rateable value

of the hereditament shall, subject as hereinafter

provided, be taken to be one-quarter of the net

annual value thereof:

lb) in the case of an industrial hereditament or of

a freight transport hereditament shown in a

valuation list as being occupied and used partly

for industrial purposes or partly for transport

purposes, as the case may be, the rateable

value of the hereditament shall, subject as

hereinafter provided, be taken to be an amount

equal to one-quarter of' the net annual value

shown in the list as apportioned to the occupation

and user of the hereditament for industrial

purposes or for transport purposes, as the case

may be, together with the whole of the net

annual value so shown as apportioned to the

occupation and user of the hereditament for

other purposes:

Provided that, as respects any industrial or freight

transport hereditament or any part of such a hereditament, elsewhere than in the county of London, whereof the

rateable value would, if it had continued to be ascertained

under the provisions of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of

section twenty-two of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925,

or of any scheme made under section sixty-four of

that Act, have been taken to be the amount produced

by making any deduction from the net annual value,

references in the foregoing provisions of this section to

" net annual value " shall be construed as references to

the amount produced by making from the net annual

value the like deduction as would have been made under

the said provisions.

Part V.

— coni. *

Relief from

rates in

respect of

industrial

and freight-

transport

hereditaments.

106

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

Amendment

of 18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 44.

8. 3 (2).

(2) Where before the appointed day a rate has been

made for any rating area in respect of a period beginning

before, but terminating on or after, that day, the amount

of the rate payable in respect of the occupation of an

industrial or freight transport hereditament shall be

calculated as if the rate made had been two rates, the

first being a rate in respect of the part of the period

terminating on the day preceding the appointed day,

and the second being a rate in respect of the remainder

of the period, and as if the amount in the pound of the

rate made had been apportioned between those two rates,

in the case of a rate made in respect of a year in equal

parts, and, subject as hereinafter provided, in any

other case in the proportion which the number of days

in the first part of the period bears to the number of

days in the remainder of the period:

Provided that, if in any rating area the date of the first new valuation under the Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925, has been postponed by order of the Minister

until a date later than the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, and by reason of the

postponement the period in respect of which any

such rate as aforesaid was made does not coincide

with the period or periods by reference to which the

estimates for the rate were prepared, the amount in

the pound of the rate shall be apportioned between the

first part of the period in respect of which the rate

was made and the remainder thereof by the rating

authority with the approval of the Minister, having

regard to the period or periods for which the said

estimates were prepared, and the rating authority shall,

as soon as may be after the making of the rate, issue a

certificate showing the apportionment so made.

(3) Any person shall be entitled to recover from

the rating authority any sum paid by him in excess of the amount properly chargeable against him in accordance

with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection.

69. Subsection (2) of section three of the Rating

and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, shall have

effect as if there were therein inserted after the word

" Act " the words following, that is to say—

" (a) a hereditament shall not be deemed not to

" be occupied and used as a factory or workshop

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

107

" by reason only of the fact that the owner

" or occupier of the hereditament is the only

" person working therein or that no other person

" working therein is in his employment; and

70.- — (1) As from the appointed day, the fact of any

hereditament in the county of London having in the

course of any year become or ceased to be an agricultural, industrial or freight transport hereditament

shall, for the purposes of section forty-seven of the

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, be a ground for making

and sending to the assessment committee a provisional

list and for making a requisition for such a list to be made

and sent, and in relation to any provisional list or

requisition made on such ground as aforesaid that Act

shall apply accordingly, subject to the following modifications, that is to say :—

(a) a provisional fist or requisition therefor made

on the ground that a hereditament has become

an agricultural, industrial or freight transport

hereditament shall contain such particulars as

may be prescribed; and

(b) a provisional fist shall not be made on the ground

that a hereditament has become an agricultural,

industrial or freight transport hereditament

unless a requisition therefor has been made by

the owner or occupier of the hereditament.

(2) As from the appointed day, no proposal for the

amendment of a valuation fist on the ground that a

hereditament ought to be shown therein as an industrial

or freight transport hereditament or ought to be omitted

therefrom (or, while the first new valuation fist is in force,

shown therein) as being an agricultural hereditament

shall be made under section thirty-seven of the Rating

and Valuation Act, 1925, by any person except the owner

or occupier of the hereditament, and every such proposal

shall contain such particulars as may be prescribed.

(3) Subsection (10) of section thirty-seven of the

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925 (which determines the

date as from which amendments in valuation fists made

under that section are to have effect), shall be amended

Part V.

— cont.

Amendment

of valuation

lists on or

after appointed day

and making

of subsequent lists

32 Sr, 33 Vict,

o. 67.

108

Part V.

— cont.

Amendment

of 15 & 1«

Geo 6. o. SO.

8 . 11 .

Valuation of

agricultural

dwelling-

houses.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

by the addition thereto of the following proviso, that, is

to say :—

Provided also that in the case of an amendment made

on or after the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, by reason of any hereditament having become or ceased to be an agricultural, industrial or freight transport hereditament, the amendment shall have effect only as

from the date when the hereditament became or

ceased to be such a hereditament.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the Rating and

Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, no hereditament

shall, for the purposes of any valuation list which will

come into force after the appointed day, be treated as

an agricultural, industrial or freight transport hereditament unless it was so treated for the purposes of the

last preceding valuation fist except upon a claim that

it ought to be so treated being made to the rating

authority by the owner or occupier of the hereditament

in the prescribed form, which shall be supplied by the

rating authority on the demand of the owner or occupier

of any hereditament in their area.

71. It shall not be necessary for any rating authority

in defining by resolution the class of hereditaments

whereof the owners are to be rated instead of the

occupiers to define the class by reference to the interval

at which rent from time to time becomes payable or is

collected, and accordingly the following amendments

shall be made in subsection (1) of section eleven of the

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, that is to say, after the

words " and also " there shall be therein inserted the

words " where the rating authority so decide, " and in

the proviso to that subsection the words "the rent of

which becomes payable or is collected at quarterly or

any longer intervals or " shall cease to have effect.

Consequential Provisions.

72. As from the first day of April, nineteen hundred

and thirty, the gross value for rating purposes of a house

occupied in connection with agricultural land and used

as the dwelling-house of a person who—

(a) is primarily engaged in carrying on or directing

agricultural operations on that land; or

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

(b) is employed irr agricultural operations on that

land in the service of the occupier thereof and

is entitled, whether as tenant or otherwise, so

to use the house only while so employed,

shall, so long as the house is so occupied and used, be

estimated by reference to the rent at which the house

might reasonably be expected to let from year to year if

it could not be occupied and used otherwise than as

aforesaid.

73 . — (1)Where any rates in respect of an industrial

hereditament occupied by a tenant are, whether by

agreement or otherwise, payable by the landlord, then,

so long as under any contract made before the commencement of this Act there is payable by the tenant in respect

of the hereditament rent inclusive of those rates, the

landlord shall, as from the appointed day, be liable to

pay to the tenant or allow by way of deduction from

his rent a sum equal to the difference between every

amount payable by the landlord by way of those rates,

after deducting any allowance, commission, abatement,

or deduction granted to him by the rating authority,

and the amount which would have been so payable

at the rate in the pound current for the time being if

the rateable value of the hereditament had been equivalent to the net annual value thereof.

(2) Where any part of any premises for the time

being assessed as an industrial hereditament is let out

to a tenant, that part shall, notwithstanding that it is

not separately assessed for rating purposes, be deemed

for the purposes of this section to be a separate hereditament, and the amount of the sums payable under this

section by the landlord to the tenant of that part in

respect of any rate or instalment of a rate becoming

due before it is assessed as a separate hereditament

shall, on the application either of the landlord or of the

tenant, be certified by the rating authority, and their

certificate shall be final and conclusive.

74 . — (1)So much of any enactment as imposes any

limit on the borrowing powers of any local authority

by reference to the value for rating purposes of

hereditaments within their area shall, as from the

appointed day, cease to have effect.

109

Part V.

— cord.

Deductions

from inclusive rents of

industrial

hereditaments in

respect of

rate relief.

Removal of

limits of

borrowing

powers of

local

authorities.

110

Part V.

— cont.

Adaptation

of enactments imposing

limits on

expenditure

of local

authorities.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(2) Paragraph (3) of section two hundred and

thirty-four of the Public Health Act, 1875 (which,

subject to the suspension thereof by the Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Acts, 1923 to 1928, prohibits

the Minister from sanctioning a loan in certain cases

until one of his inspectors has held a local inquiry and

reported to the Minister), is hereby repealed as from

the appointed day.

75.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, any provision of any enactment imposing a limit upon the expenditure of a local authority for any purpose in any year

by reference to any specified rate poundage shall, as

from the appointed day, have effect as if for the limit

thereby imposed there were substituted such a limit as

would be imposed if the specified rate poundage were

increased by thirty-three and one-third per cent., or

such higher percentage as the Minister may by order

in any special case allow.

(2) An order under this section shall be laid

before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

(3) For the purposes of this section—

(a) a provision shall be deemed to impose a limit

upon the expenditure of a local authority

by reference to a specified rate poundage, if

the effect of the provision is that the expenditure is—

(i) not to involve a rate of or exceeding

a specified sum in the pound; or

(ii) not to exceed the amount which

would be produced by a rate of a specified

sum in the pound, whether or not the

expenditure is to be defrayed or the amount

raised out of rates;

and any sum so specified as aforesaid is in

this section referred to as a " specified rate

poundage ":

(b) a provision that if the expenditure of a local

authority exceeds in any year any specified

rate poundage any functions of the authority

are to cease or be suspended, shall be deemed

to impose a limit upon the expenditure of the

authority

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

Ill

76 . If, as respects any parish, the period for the

making of parochial adjustments limited by paragraph 5

of the Seventh Schedule to the Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925, has been extended in accordance with the

provisions of that paragraph, the sum, if any, remaining

due on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty, from that parish to the rating authority in

respect of any such adjustment as aforesaid, shall

be taken to be such sum as may be certified by the

district auditor to be such part of the amount actually

so due as bears to that amount the same proportion as

the reduced rateable value of the parish bears to the

unreduced rateable value thereof.

77 . — (1) Any provision of any enactment directing

that the amount of any water rate shall or may be determined by reference to the rateable value of any property

as appearing in the valuation list for the time being in

force, shall, as from the appointed day, have effect as

if for any reference to that value there were therein

substituted a reference to the net annual value as so

appearing.

(2) Where by any enactment, including this section,

the amount of any water rate is to be determined by

reference to the gross value or the net annual value of

any property as appearing in the valuation list for the

time being in force, then, if the value referred to does

not appear in the valuation list, it shall, as from the

appointed day, be determined in the event of any

dispute by two justices of the peace in like manner

as disputes are determined under section sixty-eight of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847.

78 . — (1) Any provision of any enactment directing

that the amount of any drainage rate shall be determined by reference to the value for rating purposes

of any property as appearing in the valuation list for

the time being in force, shall, as from the appointed day,

have effect as if for any reference to that value there

were therein substituted a reference to the gross annual

value for income tax purposes.

(2) Any apportionment of the gross annual value of

any property for income tax purposes which may be necessary for the purpose of determining in manner aforesaid

Part V.

— cont.

Adaptation

of enactments relating to

the adjustment of

parochial

balances.

Adaptation

of enactments relating to

water rates.

10 & 11

Vict. c. 17.

Adaptation

of enactments relating to

drainage

rates.

112

Part V,

— ccmt.

Adaptation

of enactments as to

qualifications of

jurors and

special

jurors.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 11.

Adaptation

of 7 & 8

Geo. 5. c. 64.

s. 41 (0).

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

the amount of any such drainage rate shall be made

by the person or body of persons having power to levy

the drainage rate, or, in the event of any dispute, by a

court of summary jurisdiction.

(3) Where by any enactment, including this

section, the amount of any drainage rate is to be determined by reference to the gross annual value of any

property for income tax purposes, then, if the property

is not assessed for income tax purposes under Schedule A of the Income Tax Act, 1918, as amended by

any subsequent enactment, the value thereof shall, as

from the appointed day, be determined, in the event of

any dispute, by a court of summary jurisdiction.

79 . — (1)For the purposes of determining the qualifi

cation of a juror or special juror the rateable value of

any property shall, as from the appointed day, be taken

to be the net annual value thereof as appearing in the

valuation list for the time being in force, or, if the

property is not included in that list, the net annual value

thereof for income tax purposes.

(2) Any apportionment of the net annual value of any

property for income tax purposes which may be necessary for the purpose of determining in manner aforesaid

the qualification of a juror or special juror shall be

made by the registration* officer whose duty it is to

mark in the electors’ lists the names of personf so

qualified in accordance with the provisions of the Juries

Act, 1922, and where any person claiming that he ought

not to have been so marked as a juror or as a special

juror applies to a court of summary jurisdiction in

accordance with the provisions of section one of that

Act, the powers of the court shall include power to

revise any such apportionment, and the provisions of

that section (including the provision as to the power of the Lord Chancellor to make rules) shall have effect

accordingly.

80. The Representation of the People Act, 1918,

shall, as from the appointed day, have effect as if for

paragraph (9) of section forty-one thereof (which makes

provision as to the manner in which the yearly value

of land or premises is to be ascertained for the purposes

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

113

of that Act), there were substituted the following Part V

paragraph, that is to say— — cont -

" (9) The yearly value of land or premises shall—

(a) if the gross value thereof for rating purposes appears in the valuation list for

the time being in force, be taken to be

the gross value as so appearing, any

necessary apportionment of that value

being made by the registration officer:

(b) if no gross value thereof for rating purposes appears in the valuation list, but

the value thereof is assessed under

Schedule A of the Income Tax Act, 8 & 9 Geo. 5

1918, as amended by any subsequent c. 40.

enactment, be taken to be the gross

annual value of the land or premises

for income tax purposes, any necessary

apportionment of that value being made

by the registration officer:

(c) in any other case, be taken to be the

amount which would, in the opinion of the registration officer, have been the

gross value for rating purposes of the

land or premises under the enactments

relating to rating and valuation in force

on the sixth day of February, nineteen

hundred and eighteen."

81. Any authority or person upon whom is imposed Power to

by or under any enactment a duty to obtain information require

for the purposes of the registration of voters or of C0 P 1CS of

enabling the names of persons qualified as jurors or under

special jurors to be marked in the electors’ lists. Schedule A

and any authority, person or body of persons having of 8 & 9

power to levy a drainage rate, may from time to Geo. 5.

time require the surveyors of taxes for their area to c -

furnish to them, on payment at a rate not exceeding

five shillings for every hundred entries numbered

separately, a copy of the annual values for the time being

in force for the purposes of income tax under Schedule A

of the Income Tax Act, 1918, for all or any of the

properties in that area.

H

114

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

Consequential provisions as to

certain payments in

respect of

Welsh education.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 40.

8 & 9 Geo. 5,

c. 39.

General

adaptation

of enactments and

other

documents.

82. —(1) For the limit upon the aggregate amount

of the annual sums payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament under section nine of the Welsh Intermediate

Education Act, 1889, in respect of schools in any county

or county borough, there shall, as from the first day of

April, nineteen hundred and thirty, be substituted a

limit of an amount equal to the maximum amount which

was so payable for the year ending on the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine; and, as

from the said first day of April, the said section nine shall

have effect as if for references therein to the Treasury there

were substituted references to the Board of Education.

(2) As from the first day of April, nineteen hundred

and thirty, the yearly sums payable to the Central

Welsh Board which are to be determined under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section forty-two of the

Education Act, 1918, shall be determined as if for the

reference in that paragraph to " the preceding year "

there were substituted a reference to the year ending on

the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred anil

twenty-nine.

83. —(1) Save as in this Part of this Act otherwise

expressly provided, any provisions of any document

directing that expenditure falling to be defrayed by

two or more local authorities shall be apportioned

between those authorities by reference to some jalue

(other than rateable value) as appearing in or ascertained

from the valuation list for the time being in force or

as shown in, or ascertained in accordance with the Acts

relating to, the basis or standard of county rates shall,

as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty, have effect as if for any reference to that value

there were therein substituted—

(a) in the case of a document, not being an enactment, as respects which a value is agreed upon

by the local authorities concerned, a reference

to that value; and

(b) in the case of any such document as respects

which a value is not so agreed upon, and in

the case of an enactment, a reference to rateable

value as shown by the valuation list for the

time being in force.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

115

(2) Save as in this Part of this Act otherwise Past V.

expressly provided, any provision of any document — eon*,

directing that the amount of any payment, not being a

payment to which the last foregoing subsection applies,

shall be determined by reference to some value as

appearing in or ascertained from the valuation list for

the time being in force or as shown in, or ascertained in

accordance with the Acts relating to, the basis or

standard of county rates shall, as from the appointed

day, have effect as if for any reference to that value

there were therein substituted—

(a) in the case of a document, not being an enactment, as respects which a value is—

(i) agreed upon by all persons having

rights or obligations under the document; or

(ii) determined, in default of such agreement, by an arbitrator appointed by the

IVlinister on an application made to him by

or on behalf of any such person,

a reference to the value so agreed upon or

determined; and

(b) in the case of an enactment, a reference to such

value as may be determined by order of the Minister on application made to him by any

such person as aforesaid.

43) Before making any order under this section, the Minister shall require the applicants to serve a copy of the draft order upon any local authority affected and to

give, in terms approved by him and in such manner as

he may consider best adapted for informing any other

persons affected, public notice of the application for the

order and as to the manner in which and the time within

which objections to the order may be made, and shall

consider any objection which may be duly made within

four weeks from the date of the notice, and in the event

of any objection being so made and not withdrawn the Minister shall make the order as a provisional order

which shall not have effect unless and until confirmed by

Parliament.

84. In this Part of this Act the expression the Citation and

" principal Act " means, in relation to places outside construction

London, the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, as amended °* Part V.

by any subsequent enactment, and in relation to London,

116

Part V.

— cont.

Discontinuance of

grants.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, as so amended as

aforesaid, and the principal Act, the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, and this Part of this Act shall be construed as one, and may be cited together

as the Rating and Valuation Acts, 1925 to 1929, or as

the Rating and Valuation (Metropolis) Acts, 1869 to

1929, as the case may be.

Part VI.

Exchequer Grants and other Financial

Provisions.

Discontinued Grants.

85.—(11 The grants set out in the Second Schedule

to this Act (in this Act referred to as " the Discontinued

Grants") shall cease to be payable in respect of any

period after the thirty-first day of March, nineteen

hundred and thirty.

(2) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, any

part of a discontinued grant paid in any year to a

voluntary association (other than the King Edward the

Seventh Welsh National Memorial Association) shall be

treated as paid in respect of that year, notwithstanding

that the amount thereof was based on the expenditure

of the association in the preceding year.

(3) As soon as may be after the appointed day, the

Local Taxation Account and the Exchequer Contribution

Account of every county and county borough shall be

wound up in accordance with such directions as, in the

case of the Local Taxation Account, the Treasury, and in

the case of the Exchequer Contribution Accounts, the Minister, may give.

(4) The provisions set out in the Third Schedule

to this Act shall, as from the appointed day, have effect

with respect to the payments therein mentioned, being

payments which immediately before the appointed day

were payable out of Local Taxation Accounts, or out of

moneys which would have been payable to such accounts

or were payments required to be charged to Exchequer

Contribution Accounts.

(5) Where, immediately before the appointed day,

there is in force a financial adjustment between any

spending authorities with respect to any of the discontinued grants payable to those authorities, such financial

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

117

adjustment shall, as from the appointed day, cease to

have effect, and if and so far as, having regard to the

Exchequer Grants payable under this Part of this Act, any new financial adjustment is necessary, a new

financial adjustment on an equitable basis shall be

made by agreement between the spending authorities,

or, in default of agreement, by a single arbitrator

appointed by the Minister.

General Exchequer Contributions.

86.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided

by Parliament in respect of the year beginning on the

appointed day, and each subsequent year, an annual

contribution towards local government expenses in

counties and county boroughs to be called the " General

Exchequer Contribution."

(2) The amount of the General Exchequer Contribution shall be periodically revised; the amount first

fixed shall be for a period of three years beginning on

the appointed day, the amount fixed on the first revision

shall be for a period of four years from the expiration

of the first period, the amount fixed on any subsequent

revision shall be for a period of five years from the

expiration of the previous period, and a period for which

the General Exchequer Contribution is so fixed is hereinafter referred to as a " fixed grant period."

(3) The amount of the General Exchequer Contribution shall be the sum of the following amounts, that is

to say :—

(a) an amount equal to the total losses on account

of rates of all counties and county boroughs:

(b) an amount equal to the total losses on account

of grants of all counties and county boroughs:

(c) in respect of each year in the first fixed grant

period, five million pounds, and in respect of

each year of every following fixed grant period

such amount as Parliament may hereafter

determine with respect to the fixed grant period

so, however, that the proportion which the

General Exchequer Contribution for any fixed

grant period bears to the total amount of rate

and grant borne expenditure in the penultimate

year of the preceding fixed grant period shall

Part VI.

— cont.

Payment

of General

Exchequer

Contributions.

118

Part VI.

— amt.

10 & 11

Geo. 6. o. 55.

Payments

out of Road

Fund towards

General

Exchequer

Contribution.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

never be less than the proportion which the

General Exchequer Contribution for the first

fixed grant period bore to the total amount of

rate and grant borne expenditure in the first

year of that fixed grant period. In the foregoing

provisions of this paragraph—

(i) " rate and grant borne expenditure "

means the local expenditure which fell to be

borne by rates and by grants made under

this Part of this Act out of the General

Exchequer Contribution; and

(ii) if as respects any fixed grant period the

Mini ster certifies that the amount of rate and

grant borne expenditure in the penultimate

year of that fixed grant period w as abnormally

increased by reason of any emergency involving the issue of a proclamation under the

Emergency Powers Act, 1920, there shall be

deemed to be substituted for the reference to

the penultimate year of the preceding fixed

grant period a reference to the last year

preceding the said penultimate year in which

no such abnormal expenditure was incurred.

87.—(1) Towards the General Exchequer Contribution there shall at such times and in such manner as the

Treasury may direct be paid out of the Road Fund in

respect of the year beginning on the appointed day and

each subsequent year an annual contribution amounting

to the sum of the following amounts, that is to say—

(a) a sum equal to the certified amount of discontinued road grants for the standard year;

and

(b) in respect of each year in the first fixed grant

period, eighty ninety-first parts of the sum of

three million pounds, and in respect of each

year of each following fixed grant period, such

sum as Parliament may hereafter determine

with respect to the fixed grant period;

and any sum so payable out of the Road Fund shall, in

accordance with regulations made by the Treasury, be

applied as an appropriation in aid of the moneys to be

provided by Parliament for the purposes of the General

Exchequer Contribution.

11*29.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

119

(2) So much of section two of the Roads Act, 1920,

as provides for the payment in every year to the Local

Taxation Account, out of the sum to he issued out of the Consolidated Fund under that section, of the sum of

five hundred and thirty-six thousand nine hundred and

fifty-four pounds and eight s hillin gs, shall as from the

•appointed day cease to have effect.

In respect of each of the years beginning on the

first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight

and nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, there shall be

charged on the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof and paid thereout to the Road Fund, in addition

to the sums paid into that fund under subsection (3)

of the said section two, a sum of five hundred and thirty-

six thousand nine hundred and fifty-four pounds and

eight shillings.

88.—(1) The General Exchequer Contributions shall

be apportioned amongst the several counties and county

boroughs in manner hereinafter following, that is to

say:—

(a) during the first four fixed grant periods there shall

out of the General Exchequer Contribution for

each year be apportioned to each county or

county borough an amount equal to the appropriate percentage of the losses on account of rates

and grants of the county or county borough:

(b) during the first four fixed grant periods the residue,

and thereafter the whole, of every General

Exchequer Contribution, shall each year be

apportioned amongst the several counties and

county boroughs in proportion to their

weighted populations.

(2) The amount apportioned under this section to a

county shall be called " the county apportionment "

and the amount so apportioned to a county borough

shall be called " the county borough apportionment."

Grants to Counties other than London.

89. Out of the county apportionment of every

county other than the county of London there shall be

set aside such amount as will be sufficient to pay to

the councils of districts situate wholly or partly within

the county the sums hereinafter directed to be so set

Part VI.

— cont.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 72.

Apportionment of

General

Exchequer

Contribution.

General

Exchequer

Grants to

oo unties.

120

Part VI.

— cent.

Additional

Exchequer

Grants to

counties.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act. 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

aside; the residue of the county apportionment after

such sums as aforesaid have been so set aside, shall be

paid to the council of the county and shall be called

the " General Exchequer Grant " of that council:

Provided that, if in the case of any county the

county apportionment is less than the amount to be so

set aside, the deficiency shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament, and the sums so paid shall be

treated as part of the county apportionment.

90.—(1) As respects the first fixed grant period, if

in the case of any county the county apportionment falls

short of an amount arrived at by adding to the standard

sum a sum equivalent to one shilling per head of the

estimated population of the county for the standard year,

there shall in respect of each year of that fixed grant

period be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament

to the council of the county a sum equal to the deficiency.

(2) As respects each subsequent fixed grant period,

if in the case of any county the county apportionment

falls short of the standard sum increased by the greater

of the two following sums, that is to say—

(a) a sum equivalent to one shilling per head of the

estimated population of the county for the

appropriate year;

(b) a sum equivalent to one-third of the excess of the county apportionment for the period in

question over what would have been the county

apportionment for the period in question had

the General Exchequer Contribution for that

period been the same as the General Exchequer

Contribution for the first fixed grant period;

there shall in respect of each year of the fixed grant

period in question be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the council of the county a sum equal to

the deficiency.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the standard

sum as respects any county shall be the amount of the

loss on account of rates and grants of that county, so,

however, that—

(a) if, for the fixed grant period in question the

General Exchequer Contribution is less than

the General Exchequer Contribution for the

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

first fixed grant period, the standard sum shall

be the said amount reduced proportionately to

such diminution in the General Exchequer

Contribution;

(6) if for the fixed grant period in question the

weighted population of the county is less than

the weighted population of the county for the

first fixed grant period adjusted as regards

unemployment, the standard sum shall be the

said amount reduced (or if a reduction therein

has been made under paragraph (a) of this

subsection, that reduced amount further

reduced) proportionately to such diminution

in weighted population.

(4) In this section the expression "adjusted as

regards unemployment" means calculated as if the

appropriate multiple mentioned in Rule 2 of Part III

of the Fourth Schedule to this Act had been the multiple

appropriate to the fixed grant period in question, and

not the multiple appropriate to the first fixed grant

period.

(6) The sum payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the council of a county under this section

in respect of any year shall be called the "Additional

Exchequer Grant " of that council.

Grants to County Districts.

91^-(1) The sum to be set aside out of the county

apportionment for payments to the councils of districts

shall be such sum as is required to provide for each

district wholly or partly within the county a sum calculated for each fixed grant period in accordance with the

rules set out in Part IV of the Fourth Schedule to this Act upon the basis of the estimated population of the

district or the part of the district within the county, as

the case may be, together with such sums as are under

the two sections of this Act next following required to

be so set aside.

(2) There shall be paid in respect of each year

to the council of a district the sums so set aside

in respect of the district subject to such additions

and deductions as are in pursuance of the provisions

hereinafter contained required for adjusting losses and

121

Part VI.

— cont.

General

Exchequer

Grants to

districts.

122

Part VI.

— cont.

Compensation for

losses on

account of

special

and parish

rates.

Schemes as

to maternity

and child

welfare.

t-upple-

tnentary

Exchequer

Crants to

districts.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 6.

gains of areas in the district, and the sum so payable to

the council of the district shall be called the " General

Exchequer Grant " of that council.

92. —(1) Where in the standard year a special or

parish rate is levied in any area within a rural district,

the loss on account of that rate shall be ascertained in

accordance with the rules set out in Part I of the Fourth

Schedule to this Act, and—

(a) the sum to be set aside out of the county

apportionment in respect of the rural district

and payable to the council thereof shall in

respect of each year during the first four fixed

grant periods be increased by a sum equal to

the appropriate percentage of the loss of the

area on account of the special or parish rate; and

(b) there shall be payable to the council of the

district by the council of the county, in each

year during the first and second fixed grant

periods a sum equal to twenty-five per cent, of

that loss, and thereafter such sum as the counoil

of the county may determine.

(2) Any sum paid to a rural district council under

this section shall be applied by the council to such

purposes and in such maimer as may be prescribed.

93. As respects any county in which there is a

district the council of which have established a maternity

and child welfare committee under the Maternity and

Child Welfare Act, 1918, the Minister shall before the

beginning of each fixed giant period, after consultation

with the councils of the county and of the district, make

a scheme for increasing the sum to be set aside out

of the county apportionment in respect of the district

by such amount as he thinks fit, having regard to the

expenditure which will be defrayed by the council of the district upon services in connection with maternity

and child welfare; and where such a scheme is made,

the sum to be set aside out of the county apportionment-

in respect of the district shall be increased accordingly.

94. —(1) For the purpose of adjusting as between

separately rated areas in any county any decreases and

increases in the poundage of rates (other than special and

parish rates) due to the operation of Parts I, III, V

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

123

and VI of this Act during the period of nineteen years

beginning on the appointed day, the following provisions

shall have effect during that period:—

(a) there shall be ascertained in accordance with the

rules set out in the Fifth Schedule to this Act

as respects every separately rated area in the

county whether the operation of Parts I, III,

V and VI of this Act would, apart from this

section, result in a gain or loss to the area and

the amount of the gain or loss:

(b) in respect of each area as respects which a loss is

disclosed there shall be added to the sum which,

apart from this section, would be payable as

the General Exchequer Grant of the council of the district in which the area is situate the

following amounts, that is to say, for the year

beginning on the appointed day and each of the

four following years, an amount equal to the

full amount of the loss, and for each of the

next succeeding fourteen years an amount

less than the amount so added in the preceding

year by a sum equal to one-fifteenth of the

amount added for the year beginning on the

appointed day:

(c) the sum required for providing such additions

as are mentioned in the last foregoing paragraph

shall not be met by setting aside any sum out

of the county apportionment, but the said sum

shall be contributed :—

(i) as to one moiety thereof, by payments

out of moneys provided by Parliament;

(ii) as to the other moiety thereof, by deducting from the amounts allocated to the

several districts out of the county apportionment on the basis of estimated population

contributions to the said moiety proportionate

to the amount of the gain of the separately

rated areas in their respective districts as

respects which such a gain is disclosed:

Provided that any sum by which any such

contribution would in the case of any district

exceed the amount so allocated shall be paid

out of moneys provided by Parliament:

Part VI.

— cant.

124

Part VI.

— cont.

General

Exchequer

Grants to

county

boroughs *

Additional

Exchequer

Grants to

county

boroughs.

Ch. 17. Local Government Ad, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(d) the Minister shall make regulations for securing

that the grants under this Part of this Act paid

to the several districts shall be distributed in

such manner as to effect the objects of this

section.

(2) The sums payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the council of any district under this

section in respect of any year shall be called the

" Supplementary Exchequer Grant " of that council.

(3) As respects districts which are not divided into

two or more separately rated areas, the reference in this

section to " the district in which the area is situate "

shall be construed as a reference to the district, and

the reference to " the separately rated areas in districts "

shall be construed as a reference to districts.

Grants to County Boroughs.

95. The whole of every county borough apportionment shall be paid to the council of the county borough

and the sum so paid shall be called the " General Exchequer Grant " of that council.

96. —(1) There shall be ascertained in accordance

with the rules set out in the Fifth Schedule to this Act

as respects every county borough, whether the operation

of Parts I, V and VI of this Act would apart from

this and the next following section result in a gain or

loss to the borough and the amount of the gain or loss:

Provided that, if a county borough comprises two or

more separately rated areas, the gain or loss of each area

shall be so- ascertained, and the gain or loss of the county

borough as a whole shall be the amount by which the

gains exceed the losses or the losses the gains of the

several areas.

(2) Section ninety of this Act shall apply to

county boroughs as if for references to counties and the

county apportionment there were substituted references

to county boroughs and the comity borough apportionment, and as if for the words "the amount of the loss

on account of rates and grants of that county " there

were substituted the words "an amount equal to the

county borough apportionment for the first fixed grant

period increased by the loss or reduced by the gain of

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

125

the borough as a whole, as ascertained under subsection

(1) of section ninety-six of this Act."

97.—(1) Where a county borough comprises two or

more separately rated areas, then for the purpose of

adjusting as between those separately rated areas any

decrease and increase of the poundage of rates due to the

operation of Parts I, V and VI of this Act during the

period of nineteen years beginning on the appointed day,

the following provisions shall have effect during that

period:—

(a) there shall be ascertained in accordance with

the rules set out in the Fifth Schedule to

this Act as respects every separately rated area

in the county borough whether the operation of

Parts I, V and VI of this Act would, apart

from this and the last preceding section,

result in a gain or loss to the area, and the

amount of the gain or loss:

(b) if a loss is disclosed as respects any one or more of

such areas, and the Additional Exchequer Grant

(if any) of the county borough is an amount

less than one-half of the aggregate amount of

such losses, there shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament to the council of the

county borough the following amounts, that is

■to say :—

(i) for the year beginning on the appointed

day and each of the four following years

such sum as, together with the amount of the

Additional Exchequer Grant (if any), is equal

to one-half of the said aggregate amount of

such losses;

(ii) for each of the next succeeding fourteen

years an amount less than the amount

payable for the preceding year by a sum

equal to one-fifteenth of the amount payable

for the year beginning on the appointed day:

(c) the Minister shall make regulations for securing

that the grants under this Part of this Act paid

to the council of the county borough shall be

applied towards making good to areas with

respect to which a loss is disclosed the amount

of such loss or of part thereof in such manner

as to effect the objects of this section.

Part VI.

— cont.

Supplementary

Exchequer

grants to

county

borougl s.

126

Part VI.

— eont.

General

Exchequer

Grants in

London.

57 & 58 Vict.

o. 63.

Additional

Exchequer

Grants in

London.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(2) The sums payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the council of a county borough under

this section in respect of any year shall be called the

* Supplementary Exchequer Grant " of that council.

Grants to the County of London, to the City of London

and to Metropolitan Boroughs.

98. —(1) Out of the county apportionment of the

county of London there shall be set aside a sum sufficient to provide for the payment to the common council

of the City of London and the council of each metropolitan borough of—

(a) a sum equal to the appropriate percentage of the

losses on account of rates and grants of the

council:

(b) a sum equal to one-third of the sum which would

have been apportioned to the city or borough

under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section

eighty-eight of this Act had it been a county

borough and the weighted population thereof

calculated without any increase under Rule 2

of the rules set out in Part III of the Fourth

Schedule to this Act.

(2) The residue of the county apportionment of the

county of London after such sums as aforesaid have been

set aside shall be paid to the London County Council,

and shall be called the "General Exchequer Grant"

of that council.

(3) There shall be paid in respect of each year to

the common council and the council of each metropolitan

borough a sum equal to the sums so set aside as aforesaid

in respect of the City or borough, and the sum so payable

to any such council shall be called the " General Exchequer Grant" of that council.

(4) The London (Equalisation of Rates) Act, 1894,

shall cease to have effect as from the appointed day.

99. The provisions of this Part of this Act relating

to the calculation and payment of Additional Exchequer

Grants to counties shall apply to the county of London

as they apply to all other counties.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

127

100.— (1) For the purpose of adjusting as between Part VI.

separately rated areas in the county of London any — cont.

decrease and increase in the poundage of rates due to Supple-

the operation of Parts I, V and VI of this Act, during "entary

the period of nineteen years beginning on the appointed Grants*

day, the following provisions shall have effect during London,

that period:—

(a) there shall be ascertained in accordance with

the rules set out in the Fifth Schedule

to this Act as respects every separately rated

area in the county, whether the operation

of Parts I, V and VI of this Act would, apart

from this section, result in a gain or loss to the

area, and the amount of the gain or loss;

(b) in the case of every such area with respect to

which a loss is disclosed, the amount which

would otherwise be contributed by the area

towards the amount required to be levied by

rate for general county purposes shall be

reduced by crediting to the area the following

amounts, that is to say:—

(i) for the year beginning on the appointed

day and each of the four following years the

full amount of the loss;

(ii) for each succeeding year the amount

credited in the preceding year, subject to a

deduction of one-fifteenth of the full amount

of the loss:

(c) the deficiency in the revenue from rates resulting

in any year to the London County Council by

reason of the provisions of the last foregoing

paragraph shall be met—

(i) as to one moiety thereof by payments out of moneys provided by Parliament;

and

(ii) as to the other moiety thereof, by

debiting to each area as respects which a

gain is disclosed an amount proportionate to

the amount of that gain and by increasing

the amount which would otherwise be contributed as aforesaid by the area by the

amount so debited.

128

Part VI.

— cant.

Contributions by

councils to

voluntary

associate >ns

in respect of

maternity

and child

welfare.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

1

(2) The suras payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the London County Comieil under this

section in respect of any year shall be called the

" Supplementary Exchequer Grant " of that council.

Contributions of Councils in respect of Public Health

Services.

101.—(1) It shall be the duty of the council of every

county (other than the county of London) and of every

county borough six months at least before the beginning

of each fixed grant period to prepare and submit to the Minister for his approval a scheme for securing the payment by the council of annual contributions towards the

expenses of voluntary associations, if any, providing

maternity and child welfare services in or for the benefit

of the county or county borough.

(2) The scheme shall provide—

(a) for the payment to any such association whose

services were immediately before the appointed

day approved by the Minister of such annual

contribution in respect of those services (not

being less than a sum to be determined by

the Minister) as may be specified in the

scheme; and

(b) for the payment to any such association in

respect of any services not so approved, which

are utilised by the council, of such annual

contribution as may be specified in the

scheme.

(3) The Minister may approve a scheme submitted

under this section either with or without modifications,

and if any such council fails to prepare and submit to

the Minister such a scheme within the time allowed for

the purpose, the Minister may himself make a scheme.

(4) A scheme made by the council of a county

under the foregoing provisions of this section shall

determine whether and to what extent the services

provided by any voluntary association are such that

contributions thereto should be paid by the council of a

district in the county who have established a maternity

and child welfare committee under the Maternity and

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

Child Welfare Act, 1918; and where the scheme provides for such contributions being made by the council

of any district, a copy thereof shall be sent to that

council by the county council when the scheme is

submitted to the Minister and it shall be the duty of the council of the district to prepare and submit to the Minister, within three months after the receipt of the

said copy, a scheme for the payment of such contributions by the council; and the foregoing subsections

shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply accordingly.

(5) If upon representations made by any voluntary

association it appears to the Minister that the association

•proposes to provide or to extend maternity and child

welfare services in or for the benefit of a comity or

county borough subject to contributions or increased

contributions being made to the association under any

scheme for the time being in operation under this section,

and that it is, therefore, expedient that any such scheme

should be altered, the Minister may, after considering

the representations in consultation with the council of the county or county borough, so alter the scheme as to

provide for such contributions or increased contributions

as he considers just, and may also make such consequential alterations, if any, as he considers desirable in

any scheme made under this section by the council of

any district affected.

(6) As respects the county of London, the Minister

shall before the beginning of each fixed grant period, after

consultation with the councils concerned, make a scheme

determining, in relation to voluntary associations providing maternity and child welfare services, which of those

services are to be treated as services in respect of which

the London County Council are to contribute and which

are services in respect of which the common council of the City of London and the councils of the metropolitan

boroughs are to contribute; and the scheme shall provide

for the payment during the fixed grant period to the

association by the several councils of contributions of

such amounts as may be specified in the scheme.

102. — (l) The Minister shall before the beginning of

each fixed grant period after consultation with the county

and county borough councils concerned or with the associations representing those councils make a scheme providing

for payment of contributions of such amounts as may be

I

12!)

Part VI.

- Oil'.

Contributions by

councils to

voluntary

associations

in respect of

130

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part VI.

— cant.

other health

services.

Payment of

grants.

Power to

reduce

grants.

specified in the scheme to any voluntary association which

provides services for the welfare of the blind by the

councils of counties and county boroughs in which are

resident blind persons for whose benefit those services

are provided.

This subsection sha.ll apply to the City of London as

if it were a county borough and the common council

were the council of a county borough.

(2) The Minister shall before the beginning of each

fixed grant period, after consultation with the county and

county borough councils concerned or with the associations

representing those councils, make a scheme providing for

the payment of contributions by councils of counties and

county boroughs of such amounts as may be specified in

the scheme to voluntary associations which undertake

the duty of assisting or supervising defectives whilst not

in institutions.

(3) The Minister shall before the beginning of each

fixed grant period, after consultation with the councils of

counties and county boroughs in Wales and Monmouthshire, make a scheme for the payment by those councils

to the King Edward the Seventh Welsh National Memorial

Association of contributions of such amount as may

be specified in the scheme towards the expenses of the

services in connection with the treatment of persons

suffering from tuberculosis provided by the association.

General .

103. The grants under this Part of this Act shall be

payable to the councils entitled thereto at such times

and in such manner as the Treasury may direct.

104. The Minister may reduce the grant payable in

respect of any year under this Part of this Act to any

council by such amount as he thinks just, if, —

(a) he is satisfied, either upon representations

made to him by any association or other

body of persons experienced or interested in

matters relating to public health or without

any such representations that the council

have failed to achieve or maintain a reasonable standard of efficiency and progress in the

discharge of their functions relating to public

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

131

health services, regard being had to the

standards maintained in other areas whose

financial resources and other relevant circumstances are substantially similar, and that

the health or welfare of the inhabitants of the area of the council or some of them has

been or is likely to be thereby endangered;

or

(b) he is satisfied that the expenditure of the council

has been excessive and unreasonable, regard

being had to the financial resources and other

relevant circumstances of the area; or

(c) the Minister of Transport certifies that he is

satisfied that the council have failed to maintain their roads or any part thereof in a

satisfactory condition:

Provided that, whenever the Minister makes such a

reduction, he shall make and cause to be laid before

Parliament a report stating the amount of the reduction,

and the reasons therefor.

105. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, all sums received by a county council by way of

General or Additional Exchequer Grant or of proceeds

of local taxation licence duties shall be applicable to

general county purposes.

108. Upon application being made to the Minister

by the council of any county or county borough requesting that the contributions of the council towards

the expenses of any voluntary association having as

its object the promotion of public health services may

be paid directly to the association out of the amount

payable as the General Exchequer Grant of the council,

the Minister may pay such contributions accordingly,

and any sums so paid shall be deemed to have been paid

as part of that grant.

107. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, any

contribution made by the Crown in aid of rates in

respect of any premises occupied by or on behalf of the

Crown for public purposes shall be treated as money paid

as rates, and, in the case of any premises which, if in

rateable occupation, would be agricultural, industrial or

freight transport hereditaments, the value upon which

Part VI.

— amt, .

Application

of Exchequer Grants,

&c.

Power of '

Minister to

pay council’s

contributions to

voluntary

associations

out of sums ,

payable as

General

Exchequer

Grant.

Government

property.

132

Part VI.

— covt.

Power to

make regulations.

C'h. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

x hat contribution would if this Act had not been passed

have been computed for the half-year beginning on the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine,

shall be treated as the unreduced rateable value of the

}iremises and the value on which that contribution is

computed for that half-year shall be treated as the

reduced rateable value thereof.

108.—(1) The Minister may make regulations for

giving effect to the provisions of this Part of this Act

and in particular—

(a) as to the apportionment for the purposes of this Part of this Act of the expenditure of

any joint authority (including the receiver for

the metropolitan police district and any assessment committee) amongst the areas liable to

contribute to such expenditure, and for the

part of the expenditure so apportioned to any

area being treated as expenditure of a spending

authority for that area for those. purposes;

and

(b) as to the manner in which the amounts of any

grants payable under this Part of this Act are

to be adjusted if and so far as any such

adjustment is required in consequence of any

alterations or combinations of authorities or

alterations of boundaries taking effect on or

after the appointed day; and

(c) as to the manner in which, subject to the

express provisions of this Act, any calculation or estimate is to be made for the purposes of this Part of this Act, and as to the

authority or person by or to whom any information required for the purposes of any such

calculation or estimate is to be given, and

as to the time at which and the form in which

it is to be given; and, in particular, the regulations as to the manner in which expenditure

falling to be borne by rates is to be calculated

or estimated may provide for that expenditure

being taken in appropriate cases to be the

amount of the payments made in any year, and

may provide for such adjustment as may be

necessary to correct any abnormal treatment

of income or expenditure in accounts; and

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

1311

(d) for prescribing anything which, under this Part Part VI.

of this Act or under the Schedules therein referred coni -

to, is to be prescribed.

(2) The Local Government (Adjustments) Act, 1913, 3 k 4 Geo.

shall as from the appointed day have effect as if in 5 c

paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one thereof for

the reference to the Estate Duty Grant, and the residue

under section one of the Local Taxation (Customs and r>3 & 5t

Excise) Act, 1890, mentioned in that paragraph, there Vict. «• AO.

was substituted a reference to the grants payable under

this Part of this Act, and as if for the rules contained

in Part I of the Schedule thereto there were substituted

the regulations made under paragraph (6) of the last

foregoing subsection of this section.

(3) Regulations made under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section shall make provision for

securing that where proposals for the development of

institutional treatment for their area were submitted to

the Minister by the council of any county or county

borough at such a date that grants in aid of capital

expenditure on institutions to be provided thereunder

are payable in accordance with the directions of the

Treasury then, if the execution of the proposals was

delayed by the directions of the Minister and liabilities

in connection with the proposals were incurred by the

council with the approval of the Minister before the

twelfth day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, and in consequence of the delay the amount of

any grants paid or payable to the council for the standard

year is less than the amount thereof which would otherwise have been so payable, the amount of the grants

paid or payable to the council in respect of that year shall

be estimated and certified as if they had been increased

by such amount as may be prescribed.

(4) All regulations made under this Part of this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be

after they are made.

109.—(1) Where by the rules contained in the Fourth Method of

and Fifth Schedules to this Act the expenditure of any apportion-

authority is required to be apportioned between the e t r een

several counties or county boroughs into which the area authorities

134

Part VI.

— cont.

of expenditure and

grants, for

purposes of

Fourth and

Fifth

. Schedules.

Investigation of

working of

rules of

Fourth

Schedule,

Parts III

and IV, and

Ch. 17, Local Government Act, 1929, 19 Geo. 5.

of the authority extends, the apportionment shall be

made—

(a) in the case of expenditure in respect of roads

other than loan charges, in proportion to the

certified mileage of transferred roads in the

parts of the area within the several counties;

(b) in the case of expenditure of a board of guardians

other than loan charges, in proportion to the

number certified as being the estimated number

of persons in receipt of poor relief assignable

by reason of residence to the parts of the

area within the several counties and county

boroughs;

(c) in the case of the expenditure in respect of loan

charges, in proportion to the reduced rateable

value of the parts of the area within the several

counties and county boroughs.

(2) Where by the rules contained in the Fourth

Schedule to this Act the amounts paid or payable to

any authority out of the discontinued grants are required

to be apportioned, the apportionment shall be made—

(a) in the case of grants in respect of roads, in

proportion to the certified mileage of roads in

respect of which the grants were made in the

parts of the area within the several counties;

(b) in the case of grants to any voluntary association which carries on services for the welfare

of the blind, in proportion to the number

certified as being the estimated number of

beneficiaries of the association ordinarily resident

within the jurisdiction of the several authorities;

(c) in the case of any grants other than the grants

hereinbefore in this subsection mentioned, on

such basis as the Minister may by order direct.

110 . The Minister shall, before the expiration of the

second fixed grant period, in consultation with such

associations of local authorities as appear to him to be

concerned and with any local authority with whom

consultation appears to him to be desirable, cause an

investigation to be made into the working of the rules

contained in Parts III and IV of the Fourth Schedule

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

135

to this Act, and of the provisions of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section ninety-eight of this Act, and shall

cause a report of the result of the investigation to be laid

before Parliament.

Transitory Provisions.

111. Where after the commencement of the standard

year, and before the appointed day, any alteration of

authorities or boundaries aSecting any county, county

borough or district, or any separately rated area,

takes place, the Minister may make such equitable

adjustments of the amounts of the grants payable under

this Part of this Act as he may deem necessary in

consequence of such alteration.

112. —(1) For the purposes of any rate to be made

or precept to be issued in respect of any period between

the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and the appointed day, an authority in

estimating the amount which would be produced by a

rate of a penny in the pound, or in determining the

amount in the pound of any rate to be made or

precept to be issued by them, or in making any

apportionment between two or more rating areas, shall

not take into account the reduction in rateable values

due to the operation of Part V of this Act, or the

amount of any payment to be received under this section,

and for the purpose of ascertaining the amount due under

any precept to which subsection (2) of section nine of the

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, applies, the amount produced by the rate of the amount in the pound specified in

the precept shall be taken to be the amount which would

have been so produced if the said Part V had not been

passed.

(2) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament to every rating authority a sum equal to

the amount estimated and certified as being the difference

between the sum receivable by the rating authority as

the proceeds of rates in respect of the period between

the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and the appointed day, and the sum which

would have been so receivable if the rateable value of the

rating area from time to time had been calculated in

accordance with the enactments which were in force

immediately before the commencement of this Act:

Part VI.

— cont.

of s. 98

(1)(b)

Power to

adjust

grants in

respect of

alteration of

authorities

or boundaries before

1st April

1930.

Provisions

as to rates

and precepts

and grants

in respect

of loss of

rates during

transitory

peri oil.

13(5

Part YT.

— cont.

Transfer of

propen v

and liabilities of poor

law authorities.

Ch 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

Provided that if the Minister is satisfied that the

amount in the pound of the rates levied by any rating

authority in respect of that period has been abnormally

increased by reason of charges not ordinarily falling to be

borne by rates having been imposed thereon, the sum payable to the rating authority under this subsection shall

be such sum as may be estimated and certified as the sum

which would have been so payable if the said amount in

the pound had not been so increased as aforesaid.

Part VII.

Property Liabilities and Oeficers.

Transfer of Property and Liabilities.

113.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act with respect to property and liabilities for which

special provision is made, any property and liabilities

held or incurred by or on behalf of a poor law authority

whose area is w holly comprised within one county or

county borough shall on the appointed day by virtue of this section be transferred to, and vest in, the council of the county or county borough.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the following provisions

shall have effect in the case of a poor law authority whose

area is not wholly comprised within one county or

county borough—

(a) all institutional property of the authority shall

on the appointed day by virtue of this section

be transferred and vest to and in such one of the councils of the counties or county boroughs

into which the area of the authority extends,

or to and in two or more of those councils

jointly, or to and in a joint body representing

two or more of those councils, or may be divided

between any two or more of those councils, as

may be agreed between the councils, or, if no

agreement has been arrived at tw r o months

before the appointed day, as the Minister may

by order determine;

Any such agreement or order may attach conditions to the transfer or user of any institutional

property and may provide for the joint user of

such property;

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

137

(b) all institutional liabilities of a poor law authority

shall on the appointed day by virtue of this

section be transferred to and vest in the council

or councils or joint body to which the corresponding institutional property is transferred;

(c) all non-institutional property and liabilities of

a poor law authority shall on the appointed

day by virtue of this section be transferred and

vest—

(i) in the case of any right of recovery from

any person of payments made or expenses

incurred by the authority by way of poor

relief, to and in the council of the county or

county borough in which the recipient of the relief was resident when the relief was

granted; and

(ii) in the case of other property and

liabilities, to and in the council of the county

or county borough in which the portion of the

poor law area having the larger or largest

reduced rateable value is situate;

(d) as soon as practicable after the appointed day

there shall be made, in accordance with the

provisions contained in the Sixth Schedule to

this Act—

(i) an apportionment of, or an adjustment

in respect of, the non-institutional property

and liabilities of the poor law authority, other

than such rights of recovery as aforesaid; and

(ii) unless the councils concerned have

agreed that such an adjustment is unnecessary,

an adjustment in respect of the institutional

property and institutional liabilities of the

authority.

(3) For the purposes of this section and of the said

[Schedule—

" Institutional property" means all poor law

institutions and offices and any other freehold

or leasehold property whatsoever of a poor law

authority {including any rights enjoyed in connection therewith) together with any furniture,

Part VII.

cont.

138

Ch. 17.

Local Government Ad, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part VII.

— cont.

Mitigation

of liability

of councils

for temporary loans

raised under

11 & 12

Geo. 6. c. 07.

plant, and fittings on or about any such institution offices or property, and includes any unexpended balances of loans raised in respect of

institutional property and sums set apart as a

sinking fund to pay off loans so raised;

" Institutional liabilities" means any outstanding

liabilities for loans raised in respect of the

provision, extension or equipment of any institutional property;

" Non-ins titutional property and liabilities" includes

all property and liabilities of a poor law authority other than institutional property and

institutional liabilities.

114. — (1) For the purpose of affording relief to the

councils of counties and county boroughs to whom

liabilities in respect of loans (including overdrafts) raised

by poor law authorities under section three of the Local

Authorities (Financial Provisions) Act, 1921 (as amended

by any subsequent enactment) are transferred under this Act, the following provisions shall have effect with

respect to such loans—

(a) the Minister shall, in the case of each county

and county borough to the council of which

liability for any such loan is transferred under

this Part of this Act, certify the amount of the

liability on account of the loan outstanding on

the appointed day after deducting therefrom

such amount, if any, as represents sums required by the Minister to be paid by a poor law

authority before the appointed day which have

not been so paid;

(b) where any such loan is a loan made by the Minister, the sum so certified with respect to

the loan shall be repaid without interest to the Minister by the council liable therefor within

fifteen years from the appointed day either by

means of an annuity equal to one-fifteenth part

of the certified sum, the first instalment being

payable on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-one, or by such other

means as may be agreed between the Minister

and the council;

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

139

(c) where any such loan is a loan made by a person Past. VII

other than the Minister, the loan and the interest cont.—

thereon shall continue payable by the council

liable therefor at such times and by such instalments as are required by the terms of the contract of borrowing; but the Minister shall pay

to the council out of moneys provided by

Parliament an annuity for fifteen years equivalent to the difference between the sum so

certified by the Minister as aforesaid with

respect to the loan, and the value of the annuity

which would have been payable to the Minister

by the council had the loan been made by the Minister, the rate of interest assumed in

calculating such value being five per cent.;

(d) if in the case of any council the amount, which

under the foregoing provisions of this section,

would have been payable by the council in any

year in respect of sums so certified by the Minister if all of those sums had been on account

of loans made by the Minister and had been

repayable by means of an annuity equal to one-

fifteenth part of the certified sums, exceeds

the amount which would be produced by a rate

of ninepence in the pound levied on the reduced

rateable value of the county or county borough,

the amount payable in that year by the council

to the Minister under this section shall be

reduced by the amount of the excess;

(e) if as respects any county or county borough the

certificate of the Minister relating to any poor

law authority from whom liability for any such

loan is transferred provides for a deduction on

account of the failure of the authority to make

any payments required by the Minister to be

made before the appointed day, the amount

so deducted shall be paid by the council but

shall—

(i) in the case of a county be treated as

expenses for special county purposes chargeable exclusively on such part of the county as

was before the appointed day comprised in the

area lor which the poor law authority acted;

140

Part VII.

— cont.

Parish

property.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(ii) in the case of a county borough not

wholly comprised within the area of the poor

law authority from whom the liability for the

loan was transferred to the council, be chargeable exclusively on the part of the borough

within that area, and the amount so charged

shall be levied as an additional item of the

general rate on that part of the borough.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not

apply to any such loan raised by a poor law authority

after the twelfth day of November, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight, and in such case the council to whom

liability for the loan is transferred shall make the payments due in respect of capital of and interest on the

loan in accordance with the terms of the contract of

borrowing, and such payments shall be made and

charged in like manner as is hereinbefore provided with

respect to the payment of sums deducted by the Minister’s certificate.

(3) Where a poor law area is not wholly comprised

within one county or county borough, the liability of the authority for any such loan as aforesaid shall be

apportioned between the several counties and county

boroughs into which the area extends in proportion to

the reduced rateable value of the parts of the poor law

area comprised therein, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as if the part of a loan apportioned to any county or county borough were a loan the

liability for which was transferred to the council thereof.

115. —(1) Any parish property vested at the appointed day in a board of guardians, including the

proceeds of sale of parish property and any securities in

which those proceeds have been invested, shall, on

the appointed day, by virtue of this section be transferred to and vest in such council or body as is hereinafter

mentioned; that is to say—

(a) if the parish is a parish comprised in a county

borough or urban district, the council of the

county borough or urban district;

(b) if the parish is a rural parish having a parish

council, the parish council;

(c) if the parish is a rural parish not having a parish

council, the representative body constituted for

the holding of property of the parish:

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

141

Provided that, where the parish property is held on Part VII.

behalf of two or more parishes, it shall be transferred to —cunt.

and vest in the appropriate councils or bodies jointly.

(2) As from the appointed day the provisions set

out in the Seventh Schedule to this Act shall have effect

with respect to the sale, exchange, letting and disposal

of parish property, and of any land to which the Sale of 39 & 40 Vict.

Exhausted Parish Lands Act, 1876, applies; and any c. 62.

enactment requiring the consent of the ratepayers and

owners of property in a parish to the sale, exchange,

letting or disposal of parish property shall cease to have

effect:

Provided that nothing in that Schedule shall extend

to any recreation ground, village green or other open

space dedicated to the use of the community, or affect

the powers of parish councils as to the letting, sale or

exchange of property under subsection (2) of section eight

of the Local Government Act, 1894.

(3) The council of any county borough or urban district

and the parish meeting of any rural parish not having a

parish council may exercise the powers of executing

works in relation to parish property which are by

paragraph (i) of subsection (1) of section eight of the

Local Government Act, 1894, conferred on parish

councils.

(4) Any expenses incurred by the council of a county

borough or urban district in relation to parish property

shall be defrayed as the council may determine—

(a) from the general rate of the county borough

or urban district; or

(b) by means of a levy of an additional item of the

general rate on the parish or parishes to which

the property belongs.

(5) Where two or more rural parishes are grouped

under a common parish council, the reference in subsection (1) of this section to a parish council shall include

a reference to the common parish council, except that

where functions in relation to the holding of parish property are by the order forming the group excluded from

the functions exercisable by the common parish council

that reference shall as respects each of the grouped

parishes be construed as a reference to the representative

body constituted for the holding of property of that

parish.

142 Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

Part VII. (6) For the purposes of this section and the Seventh

—cont. Schedule to this Act, "parish property" means any

property the rents and profits of which are applicable or,

if the property were let, would be applicable to the

general benefit of one or more parishes, or the ratepayers, parishioners or inhabitants thereof, but does not

include—

(a) property given or bequeathed by way of charitable donation or allotted in right of some

charitable donation or otherwise for the poor

persons of any parish or parishes if the income

of the property is not applicable to the general

benefit of the ratepayers or other persons as

aforesaid;

(b) property acquired by a board of guardians for

the purposes of their functions in the relief of the poor.

(7) In the application of this section to the county of

London references to an urban district shall be construed

as references to the City of London and to a metropolitan

borough, references to the council of an urban district

shall be construed as references to the common council

of the City of London and to the council of a metropolitan borough, and references to the general rate of an

urban district shall be construed as references to the

general rate of the parish to which the property belongs.

116. Any property and liabilities held or incurred

by or on behalf of a board of guardians for the purposes

of their functions under the Registration Acts in relation

Registration an y registration district or sub-district shall on the

Acts. appointed day, by virtue of this section, be transferred

to and vest in the council to whom the functions of the

board of guardians in relation to that registration district

or sub-district are transferred under Part II of this Act.

Transfer of

property

and liabili-

tion nnrlpvr

Transfer

of road

property

and liabilities.

117 . —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next

following section, the following property and liabilities

of every district council, in so far as they relate to any

roads which immediately before the appointed day were,

or as from that day become, vested in the county council,

shall, as from that day, by virtue of this section be

1929

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

143

transferred to and vest in the county council, that is Part YU.

to say:— —cant.

(a) any land (other than land acquired for the im

provement or development of frontages or of

lands abutting on or adjacent to any road)

which, before the appointed day, has been

acquired by the district council for the purpose

of improving any such road, but which does not

on that day form part of the road;

(b) the unexpended balances of any loans raised

by the district council for the purposes of any

such roads or for the purposes of any land

transferred to the county council under the last

foregoing paragraph of this subsection, and any

sinking funds established by the district council

in connection with any such loans;

(c) the unexpended balances of any grants paid by

the Minister of Transport to the district council

for the purposes of any such roads;

(d) all liabilities (including loans and loan charges)

incurred for the purposes of any such roads or

the improvement thereof which would become

due for payment by the district council on or

after the appointed day:

Provided that in the case of any loan the county

council and the district council may agree that, in lieu

of the transfer to the county council of the loan under

this subsection, the county council shall from time to

time repay to the district council all sums required to

meet the loan charges; and in the event of any such

agreement being made, the loan and any sinking fund

established in connection therewith shall remain vested

in the district council.

Where the loan has been raised partly for purposes

relating to such roads as aforesaid and partly for other

purposes, the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall

apply as if the part of the loan contracted for purposes

relating to such roads were a separate loan.

(2) Any sum due to be paid by a district council

before the appointed day into any sinking fund which

the council were required to establish for the purposes of

any loan transferred to the county council under the

last foregoing subsection but not so paid shall be a debt

due from the district council to the county council.

144

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929 .

19 Geo. 5.

Part VII.

— cont.

(3) In the case of a road in respect of which before

the appointed day an urban district council have claimed

or are deemed to have claimed to exercise the functions of

maintenance and repair, the county council shall from

time to time repay to the district council such sums as

are required to meet any loan charges falling due on or

after the appointed day in respect of loans raised before

that day for the purposes of the road or the improvement

thereof.

(4) So much of any sum paid or payable to a district

council under the Local Government (Adjustments) Act,

1913, or otherwise by way of adjustment on alteration

of boundaries or other change, as represents compensation

to the council in respect of the increase of the burden

on the ratepayers in meeting the cost incurred by that

council in the execution of their functions in respect of

roads to which this section applies and has not, on the

appointed day, been exhausted or applied in or towards

the discharge of liabilities transferred to the county

council under this section or which would have been so

transferred if undischarged, shall, in the case of a sum

paid or payable to the district council by another district

council within the county, be repaid to that council, and

in any other case be paid to the county council.

The sum payable by a district council to another

council under this subsection shall be of such amount as

may be agreed between those councils, or, in default of

agreement, determined by an arbitrator appointed by

the Minister, and shall be paid either by a single payment

or by annual instalments, as may be determined by agreement between the councils or by such arbitrator as

aforesaid, and if paid by a single payment, the payment

shall be a purpose for which the district council may

borrow under the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1926.

For the purposes of this subsection, unless the

arbitrator for special reasons otherwise determines, a

sum paid to a district council by way of such adjustment as aforesaid shall be deemed to be exhausted at

the expiration of a period of twenty years from the date

on which the alteration of boundaries or other change

took effect, and if the sum w'as payable by instalments

one-twentieth part shall be deemed to have been paid to

the council in respect of each year during that period.

(5) As respects any council whose district extends

into more than one county, this section shall have

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

14.5

effect as if references therein to the county council

included references to the councils of the several

counties, and the property and liabilities transferred by

this section and any sum payable thereunder shall be

apportioned between them, by agreement between the

county councils or in default of agreement by the Minister, in proportion to the reduced rateable values of the parts of the district within the several counties.

(6) Any question as to the property or liabilities

transferred from or to any council under this section

shall be determined by the Minister, whose decision shall

be final and conclusive.

(7) Any capital sum paid to a county council under

this section shall be treated as capital, and applied with

the sanction of the Minister either in repayment of debt

or for any other purpose for which capital money may

be applied.

(8) Where any person or authority, other than

a rating authority, receives any income applicable

to the repair or maintenance of roads in any parish or

other area, that person or authority shall pay over the

income so received (less the amount of any expenses

properly incurred in connection therewith) to the rating

authority for the county borough or district in which

that parish or area is situate, to be credited to that

parish or area.

. 118 . — (1)The council of every county shall, on the

appointed day, take over—

(a) if desired by the council of any urban district

within the county (not being a council who

have claimed or are deemed to have claimed

to exercise the functions of maintenance and

repair of county roads within their district),

any quarry belonging to the district council in

their capacity as highway authority, together

with any fixed plant therein; and

(b) if desired by the council of any rural district

within the county, any quarry, plant or materials

belonging to the district council in their capacity as highway authority, or any depots used

by the district council exclusively in that

capacity,

Iv

Part VTl.

— cant.

Transfer of

quarries,

plant,

materials,

and depot *

146

Part VII.

— amt.

Transfer of

poor law

officers.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

and shall pay therefor such sum as may be agreed

upon, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined

by an arbitrator appointed by the Minister; but the

district council shah, save in so far as may be otherwise agreed between them and the county council, remain

subject to any liabilities contracted in respect of any

such quarry, plant, material or depots.

(2) Where in pursuance of Part III of this Act a

district council relinquish, or a county council determine the delegation of, any functions with respect to

the maintenance, repair or improvement of, or other

dealing with, any road, the last foregoing subsection

shall apply as if the date on which the relinquishment

or determination takes effect were the appointed day

and, in the case of a rural district council, as if the rural

district council had on that date been a highway

authority.

(3) Where a district extends into more than one

county, the obligation under this section shall be undertaken by such one of the county councils or partly by

one such council and partly by another as may be agreed

between the councils concerned, or as in default of

agreement may be determined by the Minister.

(4) Any capital sum paid to a district council under

this section shall be treated as capital, and applied with

the sanction of the IVlinister either in repayment of debt

or for any other purpose for which capital money may

be applied.

Transfer of Officers.

119 . Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, any person who having been on the twelfth day

of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, an

officer of a poor law authority is at the appointed day

an officer of the same or any other poor law authority

shall on the appointed day, as respects that office, be

transferred as follows:—

(a) where the area of the authority of which he

is an officer at the appointed day is wholly

comprised within one county or county borough,

he shall be transferred to and become an officer

of the council of that county or county borough;

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

147

(6) where the area of the poor law authority of

which he is an officer at the appointed day

is not wholly comprised within one county or

county borough, then —

(i) if the officer is at the appointed day

employed in or about any poor law institution, he shall be transferred to and become

an officer of the council to whom that institution is transferred;

(ii) if the officer at the appointed day acts

exclusively for a district which is wholly

comprised within one county or county

borough, he shall be transferred to and

become an officer of the council of that

county or county borough;

(iii) in any other case he shall be transferred

to and become an officer of such council or

councils as may be agreed between the

councils concerned, or, if no agreement is

arrived at two months before the appointed

day, such council or councils as the Minister

may by order determine; and where he is

transferred to more than one council the

proportion of his salary or remuneration attributable to the functions in respect of which

he is transferred to the respective councils

shall be determined by such agreement or

order as aforesaid.

120. Subject as hereinafter provided, any person

who, having been on the twelfth day of November,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, a road officer

employed by any highway authority, is at the appointed

day a road officer of a rural district council shall, on the

appointed day, as respects that office, be transferred as

follows:—

(a) where the district of the council of which he

is a road officer at the appointed day is

wholly comprised within one county he shall

be transferred to and become an officer of the

council of that county;

(b) where the district of the council of which he

is a road officer at the appointed day is not

wholly comprised within one county he shall

Part VII.

— cont.

Transfer of

road officers.

148

Part VQ,

■— cont.

Tenure and

distribution

of transferred

officers.

Provision *

as to registration

officers.

59 & 60 Vic*-

c. 50.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

be transferred to and become an officer of such

county council as may be agreed between the

councils concerned, or, if no agreement is

arrived at two months before the appointed

day, such county council as the Minister of

Transport may by order determine:

Provided that, where in pursuance of Part III of this Act functions as respects any county roads are delegated

as from the appointed day by a county council to a rural

district council, the two councils may agree for the

transfer or retention to or by either such council of any

road officers or for the joint user by both councils of the

services of any officer and, subject to any such agreement, so long as the rural district council exercise those

functions, the foregoing provisions of this section shall

not apply with respect to the officers of that rural district council, but as from the date on which such

functions cease to be exercisable by the district council

by reason of the relinquishment of functions by the

district council or the determination of the delegation

of the functions by the county council, the said provisions and the provisions of this Act relating to the

superannuation and compensation of road officers shall

apply with respect to the district council and their

officers as if that date were the appointed day.

121 . — (1)Every transferred officer shall hold office

by the same tenure and on the same conditions as immediately before the appointed day, and while performing

similar duties shall, in respect thereof, receive not less

salary or remuneration than the salary or remuneration

to which he would have been entitled if this Act had not

been passed.

(2) The council to whom functions are transferred

under this Act may employ a transferred officer in the

discharge of such of their functions as they may think

propei 1, and every officer shall perform such duties in

relation to those functions as may be directed by the

council.

122 . Every person who is a registration officer on

the appointed day shall hold office by the same tenure

and on the same conditions as immediately before the

appointed day, and, for the purpose of the Poor Law

Officers Superannuation Act, 1890, and the provisions of

1920.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

149

this Part of this Act relating to superannuation, shall

be deemed to be an officer transferred to the service of the council to whom the functions of the board of

guardians in relation to the registration district or sub-

district for which he acts are transferred under Part II

of this Act.

Compensation and Superannuation of Officers.

123 . — (1)Every person who having been an officer

of an authority or committee from whom functions are

transferred under this Act, or a registration officer or

registrar of marriages, on the twelfth day of November,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, is at the appointed

day an officer of such an authority or committee or a

registration officer or registrar of marriages, and who by

virtue of this Act, or of anything done in pursuance or

in consequence thereof, suffers any direct pecuniary loss

by determination of his appointment, or by diminution

or loss of fees, salary or emoluments, and for whose

compensation for that loss provision is not made by any

other enactment for the time being in force, shall be

entitled to compensation under this Act for that loss.

(2) Any claim to compensation made by an officer

may be addressed to the council or councils by whom

his appointment has been determined or his fees, salary,

or emoluments have been altered, or to such council as

may be determined by the Minister under this Act; but

where compensation from more than one council is

claimed by an officer, the councils concerned may agree

that the claim shall be considered and decided and any

compensation awarded paid by one of those councils,

subject nevertheless to such apportionment between

them of any compensation awarded as may be agreed

between the councils or, in default of agreement,

determined, by the Minister.

(3) For the purposes of this section, any officer—

(a) who, at any time within five years after the

appointed day, relinquishes office by reason of

his having been required to perform duties

which are not analogous to, or which are an

unreasonable addition to, those which he was

required to perform immediately before the

appointed day; or

Part VII.

— amt.

Compensation to

existing

officers.

150

Part VII.

— cont.

Superannuation of

transferred

poor law

officers.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. e. 59.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(6) whose appointment is determined or whose

salary is reduced within five } r ears after the

appointed day because his services are not

required, or his duties are diminished, and not

on the ground of misconduct;

shall be deemed, unless the contrary is shown, to have

suffered a direct pecuniary loss in consequence of this Act.

(4) The provisions set out in the Eighth Schedule

to this Act shall apply to the determination and payment

of compensation under this Act to officers.

124 . —(1) Where any officer by whom the annual

contributions required by the Poor Law Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1896 (in this section referred to as " the

Act of 1896 "), have been made is, by virtue of this Act,

transferred to the service of any council, then, if the

council to whose service he is transferred have no superannuation scheme or if, in the case of an officer transferred to the service of a council who at the appointed

day have such a scheme, he gives, within three months

after the appointed day, notice in writing to that council

that he elects to remain subject to the provisions of the

Act of 1896, that Act shall apply to him subject to such

modifications as the Minister may by order direct, and

shall continue so to apply to him so long as he is in the

service of the council of any county or county borough until,

under such statutory provisions as may be made for the

superannuation of persons employed by the councils of

all counties and county boroughs, there becomes applicable to him a superannuation scheme not less favourable

than that provided by paragraph (a) of the next following

subsection.

(2) As respects any such officers as aforesaid who,

having been so transferred to the service of a council

who at the appointed day have a superannuation scheme,

do not give notice in accordance with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, as from the appointed day

the provisions of the Act of 1896 shall cease to apply and

the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) in the case of officers transferred to the service

of a council who have, on or before the appointed

day, adopted the Local Government and other

Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922 (in this

section referred to as "the Act of 1922"),

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

151

whether alone or in combination with any other

local authority, the provisions of the Act of 1922

shall apply to them while in that service or in

any service in which the said provisions continue

to apply to them by virtue of section eight of the

said Act, subject to the following modifications :—

(i) for the purposes of the Act of 1922, any

service before the date on which the Act of

1922 becomes applicable to the officer which

would have been treated as service for the

purposes of the Act of 1896 shall be treated as

contributing service, and contributions paid

under the Act of 1890 (except so far as those

contributions are attributable to service in

respect of which the officer is not transferred

under this Act) shall for the purpose of the

provisions of the Act of 1922 relating to the

return of contributions be treated as having

been paid under the Act of 1922; and

(ii) the contributions payable by any such

officer under the Act of 1922 shall be the

following

(i) if on such date as aforesaid the

officer has completed less than ten years

service which would have been treated

as service for the purposes of the Act of

1896, a sum equal to two-and-a-half per

cent, of his salary or wages;

(ii) if on such date as aforesaid he has

completed ten but less than twenty years

of such service as aforesaid, a sum equal

to three per cent, of his salary or wages;

(Hi) if on such date as aforesaid he has

completed twenty years of such service as

aforesaid, a sum equal to three-and-a-

half per cent, of his salary or wages;

(iii) the second proviso to section seven,

subsection (3) of section fifteen and subsection (4) of section sixteen of the Act of

1922 shall not apply;

(iv) subsection (1) of section eight of the

Act of 1922 shall have effect as if the words

Part VII.

— ccnU.

152

C.'h. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part VII.

— cont.

" a designated post in " were omitted therefrom;

(v) where any such officer was, immediately

before the appointed day, one of the holders

of a joint appointment, then, if after he has

attained the age of fifty years or completed

twenty years’ service he loses his office or

employment by reason of the death, resignation, or insanity of the other holder thereof

and is not re-appointed, he shall, in lieu of

being entitled to a return of contributions

under section ten of the Act of 1922, be

entitled to a superannuation allowance under

that Act, so, however, that this provision

shall not apply where a joint appointment

held by a husband and wife is terminated

owing to misconduct of one of them;

(vi) the equal annual charge payable by

the council to the superannuation fund under

paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section

eighteen of the Act of 1922 shall be increased

by such amount, if any, as may be certified

by an actuary within the meaning of that

Act to represent the additional burden imposed

on the fund by the application of the Act of

1922 to such officers as aforesaid under this

subsection:

(b) in the case of officers transferred to the service

of a council who have not, on or before the

appointed day, adopted the Act of 1922 but who

have on that date some other superannuation

scheme, the council shall prepare and submit to

the Minister an amending scheme for applying

the superannuation scheme to those officers while

in that service and for adequately protecting

their rights and interests, and upon the amending scheme being approved by the Minister, with

or without modifications, the superannuation

scheme shall have effect as thereby amended.

(3) For the purpose of the foregoing provisions of this section, the expression "superannuation scheme "

includes any scheme for ensuring benefits to an officer

on retirement.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

153

(4) Where any officer on his transfer by virtue of this Act to a council becomes an officer to whom the

Asylum Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1909, as extended

by the Asylum and Certified Institutions (Officers

Pensions) Act, 1918, applies, the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to him; but if he is an officer

by whom the contributions required by the Act of 1890

have been made, any service before the appointed day

which would have been treated as service for the purposes

of the Act of 1890 shall be treated as service for the

purposes of the Asylum Officers’ Superannuation Act,

1909, as so extended, and for the purpose of the provisions of that Act relating to the return of contributions, contributions paid under the Act of 1896 shall be

treated as having been paid under the Asylum Officers ’

Superannuation Act, 1909.

(5) In the case of any officer transferred by virtue

of this Act who has made the contributions required

by the Act of 1896 and is a teacher who if he were

serving in a public elementary school would be in contributory service under the Teachers’ (Superannuation)

Act, 1925 (in this section referred to as "the Act of

1925 ") the following provisions shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this section :—

(a) as from the appointed day the Act of 1896 shall

cease to apply to the officer and the Act of 1925

shall apply to him as if he were a teacher in a

public elementary school:

(b) any service before the appointed day which

would have been treated as service for the

purposes of the Act of 1896 shall be treated as

recognised or contributory service under the

Act of 1925, and contributions paid under the

Act of 1896 shall, for the purpose of the provisions of the Act of 1925 relating to the return

of contributions, be treated as having been paid

under the Act of 1925:

(c) when any allowance, gratuity, or balance of

contributions becomes payable to or in respect

of the officer under Part II of the Act of 1925

the council to whom he is transferred shall,

either by means of a single payment or by

means of such periodical payments as the

Treasury may determine, pay to the Board of

Part Ml.

— cont.

9 Edw. 7.

e. 48.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

o. 33.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 59.

154

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part VII.

— cont.

Superannuation of

transferred

road

officers.

Education such sum as may be determined by

the Treasury to represent, after taking into

account any sum previously paid on account of

that officer under this paragraph, the present

value of such part of the sums payable or to

become payable to or in respect of him under

Part II of the Act of 1925 as is attributable

to service which is treated as recognised or

contributory service under the last foregoing

paragraph:

(d) all sums payable to the Board of Education

under the last foregoing paragraph shall be

recoverable by that Board:

(e) so much of proviso (a) to subsection (1) of

section two of the Act of 1925 as provides

that no service in respect of which contributions

are payable under the Act of 1896 shall be

deemed to be contributory service for the purposes of the Act of 1925 shall cease to have

effect as from the appointed day.

125 . — (1)Where before the appointed day a district

council from whom any road officer is transferred under

this Part of this Act had, whether alone or in combination

with any other local authority, adopted the Local Government and other Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922,

(hereinafter in this section referred to as "the Act of

1922 ") and the officer held a post which on that date was

a designated post under that Act, then—

(a) if the county council to whom he is transferred

have on or before the appointed day adopted the

Act of 1922, that Act shall apply as if the post

held by the transferred officer under the county

council had on the appointed day been designated

by the council as an established post for the

purposes of the Act of 1922;

(b) if the county council to whom he is transferred

have not on or before the appointed day adopted

the Act of 1922, but have on that date any

superannuation scheme or other scheme for

ensuring benefits to an officer on retirement,

the council shall prepare and submit to the Minister for his approval a scheme substituting

in the case of that officer such superannuation

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

155

scheme or other scheme as aforesaid for the Part VII.

provisions of the Act of 1922, and adequately COHt -

protecting his rights and interests, and upon

the scheme being approved by the Minister with

or without modifications the Act of 1922 shall

cease to apply to that officer;

(c) if the county council to whom he is transferred

have on the appointed day no superannuation

scheme or other scheme for ensuring benefits to

an officer on retirement, whether under the Act

of 1922 or otherwise, the Act of 1922 shall

continue to apply to him as if the county council

had on the appointed day adopted that Act and

designated his post as an established post

for the purposes of that Act:

Provided that it shall be lawful for the Minister by order to dispense with the necessity

for the establishment by the council of a super

annuation fund under the Act of 1922, and to

make such consequential modifications of the

Act of 1922 as may be necessary.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid—

(a) the district council shall pay to the county

council in respect of the officer such a

transfer value as would have been payable

if the transfer had been a transfer to which

subsection (1) of section eight of the Act of

1922 applies; and subsection (2) of section

eleven of that Act (w’hich provides that no

return of contributions is to be made where

a transfer value is paid) shall apply accordingly;

(h) the equal annual charge payable by the district

council to the superannuation fund under

paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section

eighteen of the Act of 1922 shall be reduced

by such amount (if any) as may be certified

by an actuary within the meaning of that Act

to represent the relief to the fund attributable

to the post held by any such officer as aforesaid ceasing to be a designated post under

the district council.

156

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1920.

19 Geo. 5.

Part VII.

— cent.

Determination of

questions as

to transferred

officers, &e.

Information

to be given

by poor law-

authorities

and district

councils to

county

councils.

Expenses,

lending and

borrowing.

General.

128. If any question arises—

(a) as to the transfer of any officer in consequence

of the provisions of this Act;

(b) as to the council to whom application by an

officer is to be made for compensation under

this Act;

(c) as to the fund out of which compensation (if

any) is to be paid, or the proportions in which

any compensation awarded is payable by

councils;

the Minister may, on the application of the officer or

any council concerned, determine the question.

Part VIII.

General.

127. —(1) It shall be the duty of every poor law

authority to furnish, and to instruct their officers to furnish,

any information in their power which may reasonably

be required by the council of any county or county

borough for the purpose of enabling them to discharge

t he functions transferred to them under Part I. of this Act.

(2) It shall be the duty of every district council to

furnish, and to instruct their officers to furnish, any

information in their power which may reasonably be

required by the council of any county for the purpose

of enabling them to discharge their functions under

Parts III. and IV. of this Act.

128. —(1) Save as otherwise expressly provided by

this Act or by any scheme made thereunder for the

provision of hospital accommodation for the treatment

of infectious disease, the expenses of the council of a county

or county borough under this Act shall be defrayed—

(a) in the case of a county council, as expenses for

general county purposes;

(b) in the case of a county borough council, in like

manner as general expenses in the execution of the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1920;

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

157

and the provisions of the Poor Law Act, 1927, limiting

the time within which debts incurred by boards of

guardians are to be paid shall not apply to county

councils or county borough councils.

(2) The council of any county or county borough

in Wales or Monmouthshire may, with the consent of the Minister, lend to the King Edward the Seventh

Welsh National Memorial Association any money required

by that association for the purposes of capital expenditure

which that association has power to borrow, subject to

any conditions which the Minister may impose.

(3) The council of a county or county borough may

borrow for the purposes of this Act—

(a) in the case of the London County Council, under

and in accordance with the London County

Council (Finance Consolidation) Act, 1912, as

amended by any subsequent enactment, and in

the case of any other county council, under

and in accordance with section sixty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1888, as amended by

this Act;

(b) in the case of the council of a county borough,

as for the purposes of the Public Health Acts,

1875 to 1925.

129.—(1) The Minister of Health may direct any

inquiries to be held by his inspectors which he may

deem necessary for the purposes of this Act, and such

inspectors shall for the purposes of any inquiry have all

such powers as they have for the purposes of inquiries

directed by him under the Poor Law Act, 1927.

(2) The Minister of Transport may hold inquiries

for the purposes of this Act, including appeals to him

thereunder, as if those purposes were purposes of the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919, and section twenty of

that Act shall apply accordingly.

(3) The Secretary of State may hold inquiries for

the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to the

review by county councils of electoral divisions as if

those purposes were purposes of section fifty-four of the

Local Government Act, 1888, and subsection (1) of

section eighty-seven of that Act shall apply accordingly.

Part VIII.

— cont.

2 & 3 Geo. g.

o. ov.

Provisions

as to

inquiries.

U&lOGeo ft

c. 50.

158

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part VIII. (4) Where the Secretary of State or either such

cont. Minister causes any such inquiry as aforesaid to be held,

the costs incurred by him hi relation to that inquiry

(including such reasonable sum not exceeding five guineas

a day as he may determine for the services of any inspector

or officer engaged in the inquiry) shall be paid by such

council or person as the Secretary of State or Minister

concerned may direct, and the Secretary of State or

Minister concerned may certify the amount of the cost*-)

so incurred and any amount so certified and directed by

him to be paid by any council or person shall be a debt

due to the Crown from that council or person.

Power to 130.—(1) If any difficulty arises in connection with

remove the application of this Act to any exceptional area, or in

difficulties, bringing into operation any of the provisions of this Act,

the Minister may make such order for removing the

difficulty as he may judge to be necessary for that

purpose, and any such order may modify the provisions

of this Act so far as may appear to the Minister necessary

for canying the order into effect:

Provided that the Minister shall not exercise the

powers conferred by this section after the thirty-first

day of December, nineteen hundred and thirty.

(2) Every order made under this section shall come

into operation upon the date specified therein in that

behalf, but shall be laid before Parliament as soon as

may be after it is made and shall cease to have effect

upon the expiration of a period of three months from

the date upon which it came into operation, unless at

some time before the expiration of that period it has

been approved by a resolution passed by each House of

Parliament:

Provided that, in reckoning any such period of

three months as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of

any time during which Parliament is dissolved or

prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjburned

for more than four days.

(3) In this section the expression "exceptional

area" includes any poor law area which is not wholly

comprised within one county or county borough, an_>

district which is not wholly comprised within one county,

or which is administered by the council of an adjoining

district in another county, any parish which is not

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

159

wholly comprised within one county, county borough

or district, or which is not within the same district,

for municipal and sanitary purposes, and any area

which enjoys or is subject to any special privilege,

exemption or liability in respect of rating or valuation.

131.—(1) Any order or scheme made under this Act may contain such incidental, consequential or supplemental provisions as may appear necessary or proper for

the purposes of the order or scheme.

(2) Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Act, any order or scheme made under this Act may be

altered or revoked by an order or scheme made in like

manner and subject to the like provisions as the original

order or scheme:

Provided that—

(a) any scheme in operation under Part VI of this Act during any fixed grant period may be

altered or revoked by a subsequent scheme

made at any time before the end of that

period; and

(b) if, on the failure of a council to submit a

scheme within the time allowed by this Act,

a scheme has been made by the Minister, or

a scheme has been made by the Registrar-

General and approved by the Minister, the

scheme so made may be altered or revoked

by a scheme made in like manner as the

original scheme or by a scheme submitted by

the council in question and approved by the Minister.

(3) Where any order (other than an order

made under the last foregoing section or under

Part IV of this Act) or any regulations are by this Act

required to be laid before Parliament, the order or regulations shall be laid on the Table of both Houses of

Parliament, and if an address is presented to His Majesty

by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-one days on which that House has sat after

any such order or regulation has been laid before it

praying that the order or regulation may be annulled,

the order or regulation shall be annulled and it shall

thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity

Part VIII.

— cont.

Provisions

as to orders,

schemes and

regulations.

160

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Part VIII.

— cont.

Transitory

and temporary provisions and

adaptation

of enactments.

Special

temporary

provisions

for adjustment of

reduced and

unreduced

rateable

value.

Peficitiout’.

of anything previously done thereunder or to the making

of a new order or regulation.

132. —(1) The provisions set out in the Ninth

Schedule to this Act (which relate to transitional

and temporary matters) shall have effect for the purposes

of this Act.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Tenth Schedule

to this Act shall have effect subject to the adaptations

specified in that Schedule and the said adaptations shall,

save as in that Schedule otherwise expressly provided,

come into operation as from the appointed day.

133. Where a valuation list in force on the first day

of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, is amended

with respect to any hereditament on the ground that it

was or was not on that date an agricultural, industrial,

or freight transport hereditament, then, whether or not

the amendment has under this Act retrospective effect

for other purposes, the reduced and unreduced rateable

value of the hereditament shall, if—

(a) in the county of London the provisional list

by which the amendment was made was sent

to the assessment committee before the first

day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty,

or sent to them in compliance with a requisition

served on the rating authority before that

date; or

(b) elsewhere, the .proposal for the amendment

was served on the rating authority or, as the

case may be, notified to the occupier or owner

of the hereditament before the first day of

October, nineteen hundred and thirty;

be ascertained for the purposes of all the provisions of this Act, except section one hundred and twelve thereof, as if

the amendment had been made immediately before the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

134. In this Act unless the context otherwise

requires—

" Appointed day" means the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty, except that for

the purposes of Part V of this Act it means the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine:

192; ).

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

1«1

"Appropriate percentage" means as respects the P\kt VII r.

first and second fixed grant periods seventy-five r , nl -

per cent., as respects the third fixed grant period

fifty per cent., and as respects the fourth fixed

grant period twenty-five per cent.:

"Appropriate year" means as respects the first

fixed grant period the standard year, and as

respects any subsequent fixed grant period the

last year of the preceding fixed grant period:

" Certified " means—

in relation to roads or road grants, certified

by the Minister of Transport:

in relation to the number of unemployed

insured men or women, certified by the Minister of Labour:

in relation to any other matter, certified

by the Minister of Health or such district

auditor or officer of the Ministry of Health

as he may appoint for the purpose:

" Classified road" means a road classified by the Minister of Transport under the Ministry of

Transport Act, 1919, in Class I. or Class XI.,

or in any class declared by him to be not

inferior to those classes for the purposes of this Act:

" County" means an administrative county, but

does not include a county borough:

" County bridge " includes any bridge which a

county council are liable to repair, except a

bridge which they are liable to repair only by

reason of the facts that the bridge is repairable

by the inhabitants at large and that the road

carried by the bridge is, for the time being, a

county road:

" County of London" means the administrative

County of London:

" District" means county district, that is to say, a

non-county borough or other urban district or

a rural district:

" Drainage rate" means any rate which is assessed

under any commission of sewers or in respect of

any drainage, wall, embankment or other work

for the benefit of the land:

L

162

Part VIII.

— cont.

Ch. 17. Local Government Ad, 1929. 19 Geo. 5-

" Enactment " Includes any public general, local or

private Act and any rule, regulation, byelaw,

order, or award made under any Act:

" Estimated population " and " estimated number

" of children under five years of age per thousand

" of the estimated population " mean in relation

to any year, the population or number as

estimated by the Registrar-General for the

calendar year in which the year in question

begins:

" Functions " includes powers and duties:

" Gross annual value for income tax purposes "

means the annual value for the time being in

force for the purposes of income tax under

Schedule A of the Income Tax Act, 1918, as

amended by any subsequent enactment:

" Local Act " includes a Provisional Order confirmed by Act of Parliament:

"Losses on account of grants" means such losses

calculated in accordance with the rules set out

in Part II. of the Fourth Schedule to this Act:

"Losses on account of rates" means such losses

calculated in accordance with the rules set out

in Part I. of the Fourth Schedule to this Act:

Minister" means the Minister of Health:

" Net annual value for income tax purposes " means

the gross annual value for income tax purposes

as reduced for the purpose of collection in

accordance with the provisions of Rule 7 of

No. V. of Schedule A of the Income Tax

Act, 1918, as amended by any subsequent

enactment:

" Officer " includes servant:

" Parish rate" means a rate or an additional item

of a rate levied to defray the expenses of a

parish council or parish meeting other than

expenses defrayed out of a special rate, and a No

includes any additional item of the general rate

which by virtue of section three of the Rating

and Valuation Act, 1925, is to be levied in lieu

of a special rate:

1

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

163

" Poor law authority" means a board of guardians,

the board of management of a school district,

an asylum board, and a joint committee constituted under section three of the Poor Law

Act, 1927, or the corresponding provision of any

Act repealed by that Act:

" Poor law area " means, in relation to a board of

guardians, the poor law union, in relation to

the board of management of a school district,

the school district, in relation to an asylum

board, the asylum district, and in relation to

a joint committee, the combination of poor law

unions for which the joint committee acts:

" Prescribed " means, save as otherwise expressly

provided in Part II of this Act, prescribed by

regulations made by the Minister under this Act:

" Property " and " liabilities " have the same meanings as in the Local Government Act, 1888:

" Public health services " includes services relating

to maternity and child welfare, lunacy and

mental deficiency, and the welfare of the blind:

" Rate " has the same meaning as in the Rating

and Valuation Act, 1925:

" Rating area " has the same meaning as in the

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925:

" Reduced rateable value " means, subject to the

provisions of the last foregoing section, in

relation to any hereditament, the rateable

value thereof according to the valuation lists in

force on the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, and in relation to

any area the aggregate of such rateable

values of all the hereditaments in the area:

" Registration Acts" means the Births and Deaths

Registration Acts, 1836 to 1926, and the

Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1898:

"Registration officer" means, for the purposes of

Part II and Part VII of this Act, any superintendent registrar and registrar of births and deaths:

" Road" means a highway repairable by the

inhabitants at large, and, save as in this Act

Part VIII.

—rmt

164

Part VIII.

— cmt.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

otherwise expressly provided, includes any

bridge so repairable carrying the road, and

" improvement " in relation to a road includes

the fixing of a building line or improvement

line under any enactment:

" Road officer" means an officer employed as the

road surveyor of a highway authority or employed under the control of such a surveyor in

the surveying, making, maintenance or repair of

roads:

" Separately rated area" means any parish, part of

a parish or place which is either a contributory

place or an area otherwise subject to separate

or differential rating (other than differential

rating which is not of a permanent character),

or as respects any county borough or any

district in which there is no such parish or

part of a parish or place, means the county

borough or the district, as the case may be:

' Sinking fund " includes any fund for the redemption of debt:

' Special rate" means a special rate as defined in

section three of the Rating and Valuation Act,

1925:

* Spending authority" means the council of a

county, county borough or district, the

common council of the City of London, the

council of a metropolitan borough, or a board

of guardians:

u Standard year" means the year beginning on the

first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, and ending on the thirty-first day of

March, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine:

" Transferred officer" means an officer who by

virtue of this Act is in respect of any office

transferred from one authority to another:

u Transferred services" means the services in respect

of which functions are transferred to councils by

Parts I and III of this Act:

" Unemployed insured men " and " unemployed

insured women " mean, respectively, men and

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

165

women of or over the age of eighteen years

being insured contributors under the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1928, who

are for the time being recorded as being unemployed for the purpose of the returns of

unemployment made by the Minister of Labour:

"Unreduced rateable value" means, subject to the

provisions of the last foregoing section, in relation to any hereditament what would have

been the rateable value thereof on the first day of

October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, if

that rateable value had been calculated in

accordance with the enactments which were

in force immediately before the commencement

of this Act, but on the assumption that the net

annual value of the hereditament was the net

annual value thereof as on the said first day

of October; and in relation to any area the

aggregate of such rateable values of all the

hereditaments in the area:

" Water-rate" means any rate or other charge

payable by consumers for the supply of water:

" Weighted population" means in relation to any

county or county borough, the weighted population calculated in accordance with the rules set

out in Part III. of the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

IS5. It is hereby declared that it is the intention

of this Act that, in the event of material additional

expenditure being imposed on any class of local authorities by reason of the institution of a new public health

or other service after the commencement of this Act,

provision should be made for increased contributions

out of moneys provided by Parliament.

136.—(1) Whereas it is intended that occupiers of

freight transport hereditaments, lands and heritages

should allow rebates from, or make reductions in, the

charges made by them in connection with the user of

such hereditaments' lands and heritages for transport

purposes, corresponding to the relief from rates due to

the operation of Part V of this Act and of any corresponding enactment extending to Scotland:

Purr VIII.

— cont.

Declaration

of intention

as to future

increases of

local expenditure.

Trans

mission of

benefit of

rate-relief in

respect of

freight

transport

hereditaments.

106

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Pa et VIII.

— cont.

Repeat-.

Now, therefore—

(a) the provisions set out in the Eleventh Schedule

to this Act shall have effect for the purpose

of securing that such rebates as aforesaid are

allowed in respect of certain selected traffics

by the companies to which that Schedule

applies; and

(b) the power of the Minister of Transport under

any enactment, whether passed before or

after the commencement of this Act, to

revise the rates of the charges made by

an} 7 person in connection with any canal

or dock undertaking shall be deemed to

include power to make provision for the

allowance of rebates from, or the making of

reductions in, such charges corresponding as

nearly as may be to the relief from rates

due to the operation of Part V of this Act

and of any such corresponding enactment

as aforesaid in respect of any freight transport

hereditaments, lands and heritages occupied

and used for canal transport purposes or

dock purposes as part of that undertaking.

(2) In this section the expressions "freight transport hereditaments, lands and heritages, " " transport

purposes, " " canal undertaking, " " dock undertaking, "

" canal transport purposes " and " dock purposes " have

the same meanings as in the Rating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928.

(3) This section and the said Eleventh Schedule

shall extend to Great Britain.

137. The enactments mentioned in the Twelfth

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule, the

repeals effected by each of the several Parts of that

Schedule being consequential on the provisions of the

corresponding Part of this Act:

Provided that the repeal of the enactments mentioned in Parts I., III., V., VI., and VII. of that Schedule

shall not take effect until the date fixed as the appointed

day for the corresponding Part of this Act.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

167

138 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Local

Government Act, 1929.

(2) This Act shall not (except the provisions thereof

relating to the cattle pleuro-pneumonia account and the

transmission of the benefit of rate relief in respect of

freight transport hereditaments) extend to Scotland, and

shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) The Minister may by order direct that this Act

shall, subject to such exceptions, adaptations and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the order, extend

to the Isles of Reilly, but except as so applied this Act

shall not extend to the said Lsles.

The Minister may by any such order amend or

repeal any provisions contained in the order relating to

the Isles of Scilly, which was confirmed by the Local

Govern men! Board's Provisional Order Confirmation

(iNo. 6) Act, 1890.

(4) The Minister may by order direct that the

provisions of Part III. of this Act and such other provisions of this Act as relate to the property, liabilities,

and officers of highway authorities shall, subject to such

exceptions, adaptations, and modifications, if any, as

may be specified in the order, extend to the administrative

county of the Isle of Wight, and any such order may

amend or repeal any provision contained in the Isle of

Wight (Highways) Act, 1926; but, except as so applied,

the said provisions of this Act shall not extend to the

said county.

Tart VIII.

— cont.

Short title

aul extent.

53 & f4 Vict

o. clxxvi.

15 Geo. 5.

c. xiii

1(58

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

31, S(.

<r*fiII IJ!

Hh.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Functions exercisable in Rural Districts

EXCLUSIVELY BY COUNTY COUNCILS.

Enactment conferring powers.

The Public Health Act, 1875

(38 & 39 Vict. c. 55):

s. 146

s. 147

s. 148

s. 154

s. 176

The Private Street Works Act,

1892 (55 & 56 Vict. c. 57):

The whole Act

The Local Government Act,

1894 (56 & 57 Vict. c. 73):

s. 25 (2)

Modification.

As if the words "with the con-

" sent of two-thirds of their

" number " were omitted

therefrom.

As if the words "with the con-

" sent of two-thirds of their

" number " were omitted

therefrom.

As if the following words were

omitted therefrom, that is to

say, the words "or with the

" surveyor of any county

" bridge, " the words "or of

" any road over any county

" bridge and the approaches

" thereto, " and the words

" or surveyor."

As if the word "Btreet " included county roads and county

bridges, and as if the words

" with the sanction of the

" Local Government Board "

were omitted therefrom.

So far as required for highway

purposes and the purposes of

s. 154.

The county surveyor when preparing his specification of

private street wnrks under

section 6 (2) shall, if and so

far as the works include

sewers, consult the rural district council.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

169

Enactment conferring powers.

Modification.

The Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 (7 Edw. 7.

c. 53):

s. 18

s. 19

s. 20

s. 29

The Public Health Act, 1925

(15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 71):

s. 21

s. 22

s. 25

s. 27

8. 28

s. 30 As if the references therein to

" their byelaws " and " the bye-

" laws of the local authority "

were references to the byelaws

of the rural district council,

s. 31 Not to affect the application

for the appro cal of plans

being made to the rural

district council, who within

seven days of the receipt of the

application must notify the

county council. The county

council to have power to

authorise the comity surveyor

to exercise on their behalf

their powers under the section.

s. 32

s. 35

Part II.

Functions exercisable in Rural Districts by

County Councils and by District Councils

WITH THE CONSENT OF THE COUNTY COUNCIL.

The Public Health Acts Amendment Act. 1890 (53 & 54

Vict. c. 59):

s. 39

e. 40

s. 43

The Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 (7 Edw. 7.

c. 53):

s. 47

1st Sch.

— coni .

fcvetkin 30.

170

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1029.

19 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Sections 31,

36.

Section 31.

Part III.

Functions exercisable in Urban Districts

as respects County Roads exclusively

by County Councils.

Enactment conferring powers. Modification.

The Public Health Act 1875

(38 39 Vict. c. 55):

s. 140 As if the words "with the

" consent of two-thirds of

" their number " were omitted

therefrom.

s. 147 As if the words "with the

" consent of two-thirds of

" their number " were omitted

therefrom.

s. lo4 As if the word "street " included county roads and

county bridges, and rs if the

words " with the sanction of the

" Local Government Board "

were omitted therefrom.

s. 170 So far as is required for highway

purposes and the purposes of

section 154.

Ti e Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 (7 Edw. 7.

c. 53):

s. 18

s. 20

s. 29

The Public Health Act, 1925

(15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 71):

8. 25

s. 27

Part IV.

Functions exercisable in Ukban Districts

as respects County Roads by County Councils

and by District Councils.

The Public Health Act 1925,

(15 & 16 Geo. 5. c, 71.)

s. 21

&. 22

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

171

Part V.

Functions exercisable in Urban Districts

as respects County Roads by County Councils

and by District Councils with the consent

oe the County Council.

Enactment conferring powers. Modification.

The Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890 (53 & 54 Vict,

c. 59):

s. 39

s. 40

s. 43

The Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907 (7 Edw. 7.

c. 53):

8. 47

Note.

A county council shall be entitled to exercise am functions

under the enactments mentioned in this (Schedule without the

necessity of any resolution of adoption, or of any order or

declaration of any Government Department; but, subject to the

modifications contained in this Schedule, shall exercise the

functions subject to the like right of appeal and other conditions

as apply in the case of a district council.

The modifications of enactments contained in this Schedule

shall not apply to district councils (except where a - district

council is in pursuance of Part III of thip Act exercising the

functions of a county council as agents for that council).

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Discontinued Grants.

1. The grants payable out of the Consolidated Fund or the

growing produce thereof into the Local Taxation Account.

2. The grants in aid of certain health services, that is to

say, grants for maternity and child welfare, other than the

training of midwives and health visitors, grants for the treatment of tuberculosis, grants for the treatment of venereal

diseases, grants for the welfare of the blind, and grants in respect

of mental defectives.

1st Sch.

— tout .

Section 31.

Section 86.

172

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Seofcion 85

3. Road grants, that is to say, grants made as classiiication

grants in respect of roads and bridges classified by the Minister

of Transport as roads and bridges of Class I. or Class II. in

London and county boroughs, and as grants for the maintenance

of unclassified roads in counties.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to certain payments which before

THE APPOINTED DAY WERE PAYABLE OUT OF LOCAL

Taxation Accounts or out of money which

WOULD HAVE BEEN PAYABLE TO THOSE ACCOUNTS OR

WHICH WERE PAYMENTS REQUIRED TO BE CH4RGED

to Exchequer Contribution Accounts.

Payments to Cattle Pleuro-Pneu mania Account.

1.—(1) If in any financial year the money standing to the

credit of the Cattle Pleuro-Pneumonia Account of Great Britain

is insufficient to defray the costs and expenses of the Diseases of

Animals Acts, 1874 to 1927, made payable out of that account,

an amount equal to the deficiency shall be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament and carried to that account; and accordingly so much of section eighteen of the Diseases of Animals Act,

1894, as limits the amount payable into that account out of moneys

provided by Parliament and the proviso to subsection (1) of

that section shall cease to have effect.

(2) The Treasury may at any time within any financial year

temporarily advance to the said account out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums as may from time to

time be required for the purpose of making any payments properly

falling to be made out of that account, but any sums so advanced

shall be repaid out of moneys provided by Parliament before the

end < >f the said year.

Payments in respect of Rates on certain Tithe Rentcharges

and Payments in lieu of Tithe.

2. The Commissioners of Church Temporalities in Wales as

respects any tithe rentcharge or any payment in lieu of tithe

which is vested in them under the Welsh Church Acts, 1914 and

1919, and as respects which they were at the appointed day liable

to pay one-half only of any rate or part of a rate, and the owner

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

173

for the time being of any tithe rentcharge or payment in lieu of

tithe as respects which the owner was at the appointed day liable

to pay one-half only of any rate or part of a rate, shall continue

to be liable to pay only one-half of the amount of any such rate

or part of a rate which is assessed on them or him as owners or

owner of any such tithe rentcharge or payment in lieu of tithe,

and the remaining one-half shall on demand being made by the

collector of the rate on the surveyor of taxes for the district,

be paid by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and the sums

so payable by the Commissioners shall be charged on and issued

out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof

instead of being paid out of the sums which would have been

payable to the Local Taxation Account.

Payments towards salaries of Medical Officers of Health, &c.

3 Every county council and county borough council shall

continue to make the like payments as they were, before the

appointed day, required to make under paragraph (c.) of subsection

(2) of section twenty-four of the Local Government Act, 1888;

that is to say, they shall pay to every local authority for any

area wholly or partly in the county or county borough by whom

a medical officer of health or sanitary inspector is paid one-half

of the salary of that officer, w'here his qualification, appointment,

salary, and tenure of office are in accordance with the regulations made by order under the Public Health Act, 1875, or

the Public Health (London) Act, 1891; but if the Minister

certifies to the council that any such medical officer has failed to

send to the Minister such report and returns as are for the time

being required by the regulations respecting his duties made by

order of the Minister under either such Act as aforesaid, or if the

local authority have failed to comply with the provisions of the

Public Health (Officers) Act, 1921, the said sum equal to one

half of the salary shall be forfeited to the Crown and shall be

paid to the Exchequer and not to the said local authority:

Provided that, where the area of any such local authority

is not wholly comprised in one county or county borough, a

certified proportionate part only of the sum otherwise payable

shall be paid by the council of each such county or county

borough.

Payments to Public Vaccinators.

4. — (1) Every county council and county borough council

shall continue to make to public vaccinators the like payments

as they were, before the appointed day, required to make to them

under paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-four of the

Local Government Act, 1888; that is to say, they shall pay to

every public vaccinator for a vaccination district wholly or partly

3ro Sch.

—COili

174

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

3bd Sch.

— cont.

hectiuns 00,

01, 92, OS,

loo, no,

134.

Sections 92,

134.

in the county or county borough, such sums as the Minister may

from time to time certify to be due from the council in substitution for the payments to public vaccinators under section five

of the Vaccination Act, 1807:

Provided that, where a vaccination district is not wholly

comprised in one county or county borough, a certified proportionate part only of the sum otherwise payable shall be payable

by the council of each such county or county borough to the

public vaccinator.

(2) The Minister shall fix the amount due on the like principles

and may impose the like conditions for the payment thereof as

before the passing of the Local Government Act, 1888.

(3) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, vary a certificate

granted for the purposes of this paragraph, but unlesB so varied

it shall be conclusive.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Rules for calculations in respect of General

Exchequer Grants.

Part I.

Rules for determining Losses on account of Rates.

1. There shall be estimated and certified as respects each

rating area—

(a) the expenditure in respect of the standard year which

would have fallen to be borne by rates levied in that

area on the following assumptions :—

(i) that, elsewhere than in the County of London,

section nine of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925,

and not paragraph 10 of the Seventh Schedule to

that Act, had been in operation w T ith respect to

precepts issued by county councils; and

(ii) that the expenditure on the transferred services

had been expenditure by a county council or a

county borough council, and, in the case of a county,

had been expenditure for general county purposes;

and

(ill) that, in the case of the County of London, the

London (Equalisation of Rates) Act, 1894, had not

been in force in the si andard year;

(b) the unreduced rateable value of the area;

(r) the reduced rateable value of the area;

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

175

(d) the difference between the unreduced rateable value and

the reduced rateable value of the area; which difference

increased by a percentage ascertained in the prescribed

manner in respect of losses in the collection of rates

is hereinaftt r referred to as " the loss of rateable

value."

2. In estimating and certifying the expenditure on the

transferred services by a county or county borough council for

the purposes of the foregoing rule in any case where the area of

a highway authority or jioor law authority is not wholly comprised in one county or county borough, the ex penditure of the

authority shall lie apportioned between the several counties and

county boroughs into which the area extends, and the amount

apportioned to any such county or county borough shall be

deemed to be expenditure by the council of that county or

county borough on the transferred services.

3. The loss on account of rates of a rating area shall be a

sum bearing the same proportion to expenditure which would

have fallen to be borne by rates as aforesaid as the loss of

rateable value of the area bears to the unreduced rateable value

thereof, and where a rating area comprises any separately

rated area, the loss on account of rates in respect of the

expenditure in regard to which the area is separately rated

shall be separately determined in accordance with the rules

contained in this Part of this Schedule.

4. The loss on account of rates of a county shall be the

aggregate of the losses on account of rates of the several

separate rating areas within the comity, and where a rating

area is partly in one and partly in another county, the part in

each comity shall be treated as if it were a separate rating area.

5. For the purpose of detei mining the loss on account of a

special rate, the foregoing rules shall have effect as if—

(a) the expression "rates " meant such special rate;

(b) the expression "separately rated area" meant the area

in which such special rate is levied;

(c) the reduced and unreduced rateable value of any

hereditament to which subsection (2) of section three

of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, applies, were

one-fourth part thereof;

and the loss on account of the special rates of a district shall be

the aggregate of the losses on account of special rates of the

areas in which special rates are levied within the district.

(i. For the purpose of determining the loss on account of a

parish rate, the foregoing rules shall have effect as if the

expression " rates " meant such parish rate, and the expression

" separately rated area " meant the parish or the part of a parish

in which such parish rate is levied; and the Joss on account of

4th Sch.

—cont.

176

Ch. 17.

Local Government

19 Geo. 5.

4th Sch. parish rates of a district shall be the aggregate of the losses on

—cant. account of parish rates of the parishes or parts of parishes in which

parish rates are levied within the district.

7. The loss on account of rates of the common council of the City of London and of a metropolitan borough council shall

be determined in accordance with the foregoing rules, subject to

the following modifications :—

(a) the expenditure to be estimated and certified shall be

the expenditure of the council in respect of the standard

year falling to be borne by rates;

(b) the loss of the council on account of rates shall be the

aggregate of the losses on account of rates levied in

respect of the expenditure of the council in the several

separately rated areas within the city or metropolitan

borough.

Part II.

Section m. Rules for Determining Losses on Account of Grunts.

1. There shall be estimated and certified the amounts paid

or payable in respect of the standard year to spending authorities within each county and county borough out of the discontinued grants, ufter deducting therefrom a sum equal to such

part of the amounts paid or payable in respect of the standard

year out of the Local Taxation Account or out of the proceeds of

duties on local taxation licences levied and retained by the council

of the county or county borough as was in pursuance of any

statutory requirement applicable for the purposes of higher

education or police services within the county or county borough:

Provided that—

(a) for the purposes of this rule, no part of the annual or

additional annual grant made under the Agricultural

Rates Acts, 1896 and 1923, shall be deemed to have

been so applicable as aforesaid; and

(b) any financial adjustment between spending authorities

in force with respect to the standard year, which

affected the allocation of the amounts paid or

payable to such authorities out of the discontinued

grants, shall be taken into account in estimating the

s lid amounts.

2. The amounts aforesaid shall be estimated and certified

as if road grants had been made in respect of the standard year

at the rates at which they were payable immediately before the

appointed day.

3. In estimating and certifying the amounts aforesaid, in

any case where the area for which a spending authority acts

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

177

is Pot wholly comprised in one county or county borough, the

amount paid or payable to the spending authority out of the

discontinued grants shall be apportioned between the several

counties and county boroughs into which the area extends, and

the amount apportioned to any county or county borough shall

be deemed to be an amount paid or payable to a spending

authority within that county or county borough.

4. The loss on accomit of grants of a spending authority

shall be the amounts so estimated and certified as respects that

authority, and the loss on account of grants of a county or

county borough shall be the aggregate of the losses on account

of grants of the spending authorities within the county or

county borough.

5. Tor the purpose of the rules contained in this Part of this Schedule—

(a) the expression spending authorities shall include voluntary associations and joint authorities (including the

receiver for the metropolitan police district) to which

grants were paid or payable in respect of the standard

year; and

(/') any grants paid or payable in respect of the standard

year to the King Edward the Seventh Welsh National

Memorial Association for the purposes of sanatoria or

other institutions for the treatment of tuberculosis shall

be treated as if they had been included among the

amounts paid or payable out of the discontinued grants •

and

(e) the area for which a voluntary association acts shall be

determined by the Minister.

ti. As respects the County of London—

(«) the Minister may by order determine the extent to

which grants to voluntary associations in respect of

maternity and child welfare services carried on by

them are to be apportioned as if they had been

giants to the London County Council, on the one

hand, and to the common council and the metropolitan borough councils on the other hand;

(b) the loss on account of grants of the common council

or of a metropolitan borough council shall be the loss

on account of grants of the council as a spending

authority, together with the loss of such part, if any,

of the grants to voluntary associations as may be

apportioned to the council under the last foregoing

paragraph and the appropriate proportion of the loss

on account of grants of the receiver for the metropolitan police district.

M

4th Soh.

—conf.

178 Ch. 17. Local Government. Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

4th Sou. PART III.

—cont.

Sections 90, Rules for determining Weighted Population.

98, 110, 131.

1. The estimated population of the county or county

borough in the appropriate year shall be increased—

(i) if the estimated number of children under five years of

age per thousand of the estimated population exceeds

fifty, by the percentage represented by the proportion

which that excess bears to fifty;

(ii) if, according to the valuation lists in force on the appropriate date, the rateable value per head of the estimated

population of the county or county borough is less than

ten pounds, by the percentage represented by the

proportion winch the deficiency bears to ton pounds.

2. There shall be estimated and certified the average numbers

during the throe calendar years immediately preceding the

beginning of each fixed grant period of unemployed insured men

and of unemployed insured women resident in each county and

county borough, and there shall be ascertained the percentage

. represented by the proportion which the number of unemployed

insured men increased by ten per cent, of the number of unemployed

insured women bears to the average estimated population

of the county or county borough for those three years, and if

as respects any county or county borough that j>erccntage

exceeds one-and-a-half. the estimated population of the county

or county borough in the appropriate year as increased in

accordance with Rule 1 contained in this Part of this Schedule

shall be further increased by a percentage equal to the urnount

of such excess multiplied by the appropriate multiple.

3. There shall be ascertained and certified the number of

miles of road in ever}' county other than the county of

London, and the estimated population of every such county

as increased in accordance with Rule 1 contained in this Part of this Schedule shall be further increased—

(a) in the case of a county in which the estimated population per mile of roads is in the appropriate year less

than one hundred, by the percentage represented by

the proportion which the difference between two hundred

and the estimated population per mile of roads bears to

two hundred; and

(b) in the case of a county in which the estimated population per mile of roads is in the appropriate year

one hundred or more, by the }>ercentage represented

by the proj>ortion which fifty bears to the estimated

population per mile of roads.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

179

4. The estimated population of the county or county 4th Sch.

borough as increased in accordance with the provisions of the cor, t -

foregoing rules contained in this Fart of this Schedule shall be

the weighted population of the county or county borough.

5. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule:—

" The appropriate date " shall, as respects the first fixed

grant period, be the first day of October nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, and as respects every

other fixed grant period, the first, or in London the

sixth, day of April in the last year of the preceding

fixed grant period:

" The appropriate multiple " shall, as respects the first

and second fixed grant periods, be ten, and as respects

any subsequent fixed grant period be a number

ascertained in the following manner:—

(i) the ratio which the total amount of the

General Exchequer Contribution in the fixed grant

period in question bears to the part thereof distributed in that fixed grant period under paragraph

(b) of subsection (1) of section eighty-eight of this Act shall be ascertained:

(ii) the ratio which the total amount of the •

General Exchequer Contribution in the first fixed

grant period bears to the part thereof distributed

in that fixed grant poriod under the said paragraph

shall be ascertained:

(ill) the required number shall be such number

as bears to ten the same proportion us the ratio

ascertained under paragraph (i) of this rule bears

to the ratio ascertained under paragraph (ii)

thereof.

Part IV. Sections 01,

_, 110 .

Rules Jar calculating sums to be allocated to Districts

on the basis of Population.

X. The number of pence produced by dividing one half of the total amount of the county apportionments (exclusive of any

sums paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to make good

a deficiency in any such apportionment) to counties other than

London by the aggregate of the estimated populations of those

counties in the appropriate year shall be ascertained to the

neatest penny.

2. The amount to be allocated to an urban district shall

be tho number of pence ascertained under Rule 1 contained

in this Part of this Schedule multiplied by tho estimated population of the district in the appropriate year.

180

4th Sch.

— cant.

Section* 04,

00, 07, 100,

100 .

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

3. The amount to be allocated to a rural district shall be

one-fifth of the number of pence ascertained under Rule 1 contained in this Part of this Schedule multiplied by the estimated

population of the district in the appropriate year.

FIFTH

SCHEDULE.

Rules for ascertaining Gains and Losses of

Areas.

1. There sha'l be estimated and certified as respects each

sara-ately rated area the rate in the pound required to raise an

amount certified as being the amount of the expenditure for the

standard year falling to be borne by rates (other than special and

parish rates) in that area on the assumptions that the rateablo

values of ail hereditaments were the unreduced rateablo values

thereof, and that the expenditure on the transferred services was

incurred by the various spending authorities as existing before

the transfer of those services.

2. There shall be estimated and certified the rate in the

pound which would be required to raise an amount certified as

being the amount of such part of the expenditure for the standard

year as would have fallen to be borne by rates (other than

special and parish rates) in that area on the following

assumptions-—

la) that the rateable values of all hereditaments were the

reduced rateable values thereof; and

(b) that the expenditure on the transferred services was

expenditure by the county council or th county

borough council and in the ease of a county was

expenditure for general county purposes; and

(c) that the standard year was a year falling within the first

fixed grant period and that the provisions of Part. VI. of this Act, other than sections ninety-four, ninety-six,

ninety-seven and one hundred had been in operation.

3. In estimating and certifying the expenditure on the

transferred services by a county council or county borough

council in any case where the area for which a highway authority

or poor law authority acts is not wholly comprised in one county

or county borough, the expenditure of the authority shall be

apportioned between the several comities and county boroughs

into which the area extends, and the amount so apportioned to

any such county or county borough shall be deemed to be

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

expenditure by the council of that county or county borough on

the transferred services.

4. The difference resulting from subtracting the rate under

Rule 2 contained in this Schedule from the rate under Rule I

contained therein shall be ascertained.

5. If as respects any area the difference is a plus quantity,

the estimated proceeds of a rate equivalent to the difference

levied on the reduced rateable value of the area shall be deemed

to be the gain of the area.

6. If the difference is a minus quantity, the estimated

proceeds of a rate equivalent to the difference levied on the

reduced rateable value of the area shall be deemed to be the

lo-s of the area.

7. For the purposes of these Rules, it shall be assumed

that elsewhere than in the County of London section nine of the

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, and not paragraph 10 of the

Miventh Schedule to that Act, was in operation with respect to

precepts issued by county councils.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Adjustments and Apportionments op Poor Law

Property and Liabilities.

Adjustment in respect of Institutional Property and Liabilities.

1. Except where the councils of the counties and county

boroughs into which a poor law area extends agree that no

adjustment in respect of institutional property and liabilities is

necessary, such adjustment shall be made between the councils

as they may agree or in default of agreement as the Minister

may by order determine:

Provided that for the purposes of any agreement or order

made under this paragraph the certificate of an officer of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue of the value of any institutional

property shall be conclusive, and the costs of the valuation upon

a scale to be prescribed by the Treasury shall be payable to the

Commissioners by the councils concerned and shall be treated

as an institutional liability attaching to the property valued.

Apportionment of or Adjustment in respect of Non-

Institutional Property and Liabilities.

2. —(1) As soon as practicable after the appointed day the

prescribed officer ohall prepare in respect of each poor law

area which was not wholly comprised within one county or county

borough, and the district auditor for the audit district in which

the poor law area was comprised shall certify to the councils of the

1S1

5tu Sch.

— cont.

Section 113.

182 Ch. 17. Local Government Act . 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

Hxh Srn. counties or county boroughs into which the area extended, a

oor, t - statement showing the value as at the appointed day of the non-

institutional property and liabilities of the poor law authority,

other than any right of recovery from any person of payments

made or expenses incurred by the poor law authority by way of

poor relief.

(2) The certificate of the district auditor shall be final and

conclusive:

Provided that any such auditor may, if he thinks fit, give an

interim or provisional certificate and may amend any final

certificate given by liim so far as appears to him necessary for

the purpose of correcting any errors.

3. The property and liabilities of the poor law authority

included in the said statement shall be apportioned on the basis

of their values as at the appointed day between the several

counties and county boroughs concerned in proportion to the

reduced rateable values of the parts of the poor law area comprised in the several counties or county boroughs, or an adjustment in respect thereof on the like basis shall be made.

General.

4. —(1) Any sum required to be paid from one council to

another for the purpose of effecting an adjustment under this

Schedule may be paid either by way of annual payments or by

way of a single payment.

(2) Any capital money paid to a council by way of apportionment or adjustment shall be treated as capital, and applied, with

the sanction of the Minister, either in the repayment of debt or

for any other purpose for which capital money may be applied,

and any other money so paid shall be credited to the county

fund or general rato fund of the borough.

5. For the purpose of this Schedule—

(a) " the prescribed officer " in relation to any poor law

authority means the person who was immediately

before the appointed day clerk to the authority or

such other officer as may be designated for the

purpose by the councils of the counties or county

boroughs into which the poor law area extended, or

failing agreement between those councils by the Minister; and

(b) references to a poor law area shall in relation to

any time after the appointed day be construed as

references to the area which immediately before the

appointed day constituted the poor law area.

Load Government Act, 19‘29.

Ch. 17.

183

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Sale, &o. of Parish Property.

1. The council, representative body or other persons in

whom any parish property is vested may, with the approval

of the Minister, and, where the property is held for the benefit

of a rural parish, subject to the consent of the parish meeting

of that parish, sell exchange let or otherwise dispose of the

property:

Provided that in the case of a letting for a term not exceeding one year neither the approval of the Minister nor the consent of the parish meeting shall be necessary.

2. Where parish property is sold, the proceeds of sale, after

deducting reasonable expenses, shall be applied in such manner

as may be directed by the Minister either in repayment of debt,

or for any purpose to the permanent advantage of the parish

which may be approved by the Minister.

3. Where parish property is exchanged, the land taken

in exchange shall be conveyed to the council body or persons

in whom the parish property was vested on the trusts on which

the land given in exchange was held, and the rents and profits

of the land taken in exchange shall be applied to the same

purposes as those to which the rents and profits of the land

given in exchange would have been applicable.

4. If the parish property is let, the rents and profits thereof

shall be applied for the benefit of the parish.

5. The provisions of this Schodulo shall extend to property

in which two or more parishes are jointly interested subject

to the necessary modifications, and in particular to this modification, that the proceeds of the sale of such property or the

rents and profits arising from the letting thereof, shall be divisible

between the parishes interested in the property in such proportions as the Minister maj r determine.

6. Where in pursuance of this Schedule parish property is

sold, exchanged, let or otherwise disposed of by a council or

representative body or other persons, no instrument relating to

the transaction shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp

duty.

7. This Schedule shall apply to land to which the Sale of

Exhausted Parish Lands Act, 1876, applies in like manner as

d applies to parish property, subject, however, to the provisions

of that Act.

Section" 115.

184

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Section 123. EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Determination and Payment

of Compensation to Officers.

1. For the purpose of determining whether compensation is

payable to an officer and, if so, the amount of such compensation, regard shall be had to—

(a) the conditions upon which his appointment wna made;

(h) the nature of his office or employment;

(c) the duration of his service;

[d) any additional emoluments which he acquires by virtue

of this Act or of anything done in pursuance or in

consequence of this Act;

(t>) the emoluments which he might have acquired if he had

not refused to accept any office offered by aqy council

acting under this Act; and

(f) all the other circumstances of the case,

and the compensation shall not exceed the amount which under

the"Acts and Rules relating to Her Majesty’s Civil Service which

were in operation on the thirteenth day of August, 1888, would

have been payable to a person on abolition of office.

2. Every person who claims to be entitled to compensation

shall deliver to the council a claim on account of the emoluments for which he claims compensation, setting forth the whole amount received and expended by him or his predecessors in

office, in every year during the period of five years next before the date on which the relinquishment of office or determination

of appointment takes effect, or the direct pecuniary loss commences, as the case may be, distinguishing the offices in respect

of which the emoluments have been received, and accompanied

by a statutory declaration that the claim so delivered is a true statement according to the best of his knowledge, information and belief.

3. Every claim so delivered as aforesaid shall be submitted to the council, who shall forthwith take it into consideration, and assess the just amount of compensation (if any), and shall forthwith inform the claimant of their decision, and if a council

fail to inform any claimant of their decision upon his claim within six months after it has been so delivered to them, the Minister

may, on application made to him in that behalf by the claimant, direct the council to do so within such time, not being less than one month, as may be specified in the direction.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

185

4. Any claimant, if so required by any member of the council,

shall attend at a meeting of the council, or of any committee

appointed by the council for the purpose, and answer upon oath,

which any justice present may administer, all questions asked by

any member of the council or committee touching the matters

set forth in his claim, and shall further produce, all books, papers

and documents in his possession or under his control relating to

the claim.

5. In computing the service of any officer for the purpose

of the award of compensation, the council shall take into account

all the service of that officer after he attained the age of eighteen

years under any local authority:

Provided that, where the officer held two or more offices and

the claim to compensation is based on a loss of one or some only

of those offices, account shall not be taken under this paragraph

of service in an office which the officer continues to hold unless

throughout the period of his service in that office he devoted

the whole of his time to the duties of offices held by him under

one or more local authorities.

6. If an appointment is determined by a council otherwise

than at the expiration of a complete year of service of an officer,

the portion then expired of that year shall be treated as a

complete year where such portion exceeds six months, and shall

be ignored where such portion does not exceed six months.

7. The compensation payable under this Act to an officer

who immediately before the appointed day held two or more

offices under any one or more local authorities and who devoted

the whole of his time to the duties of such offices, shall not be

reduced by reason of the fact that he has devoted only part of

his time to each of such offices.

8. Tf any officer was temporarily absent from his employment

during the late war whilst serving in His Majesty’s forces, or the

forces of the Allied or Associated Powers, either compulsorily or

with the sanction or permission of the local authority, such

period of temporary absence shall be reckoned as service under

the authority in whose employment he was immediately before

and after such temporary absence:

Provided that in the case of an officer who, after the

armistice, voluntarily extended his term of service in the forces,

no period of absence during any such extension shall be reckoned.

9. The council to whom application for compensation is

made may, in their discretion and in consideration of the fact

that any officer was appointed to his office as a specially qualified

person, or that the officer before his appointment had been

employed as a deputy, assistant or clerk by a permanent officer

for the purpose of the discharge of his official duties, add any

number of years (not exceeding ten) to the number of years

which such officer would otherwise be entiled to reckon for

8th Soh.

— cont.

180

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

8th Sch. fche purpose of computing the compensation to which he would

rn ‘ L be entitled under the Acts and rules relating to Her Majesty’s

Civil Service as applied by this Act.

10. The compensation shall not exceed two-thirds of the

annual pecuniary loss suffered by virtue of this Act, or of

anything done in pursuance or in consequence of this Act, or if

the compensation is payable otherwise than by way of an annual

sum, the capital value of such annual sum as might have been

awarded.

11. Xo service of which account has been taken in assessing

the compensation payable under this Act to an olficer in respect

of the determination or relinquishment of any appointment held

by him shall, in the event of his accepting any other office after

the commencement of this Act, he reckoned for the purpose of

computing any sum payable in respect of that office under any

superannuation scheme or other scheme for ensuring benefits

to an officer on retirement whether under any enactment or

otherwise.

1J. Tho sum payable as compensation to any person in

pursuance of this Schedule shall commence to be payable at the

date fixed by the council on granting the compensation, or, in

case of appeal, by the Minister, and shall be a specialty debt

due to him from the council, and may be enforced accordingly

in like manner as if the council had entered into a bond to pay

the sum.

13. If a claimant is aggrieved by the failure of the council

to inform him of their decision upon his claim within the time

required by any directions of the Minister or by the refusal of the

council to grant any compensation, or by the amount of compensation assessed, the claimant may, within tlrree months after

the failure, or after the date on which he receives notice of the

decision of the council, as the case may be, appeal to the Minister,

who shall consider the case and determine whether any compensation, and if so, what amount ought to be granted to the claimant,

and his determination shall be final.

14. If a person receiving compens itionumb rthis Schedule is

appointed to any office under the Crow u or any local or other public

authority, or by virtue of this Act, or anything done in pursuance of or in consequence of tins Act, receives any increase of the emoluments of the office held by him, he shall not, while

receiving tl e emoluments of that office, receive any grealer

amount of Iris couqi ‘usation, if any, than with the emolin ients

of the said office, is equal to the emoluments for which conq»en-

sation was granted to him, and if the emoluments of the office

he holds are equal to or greater than the emoluments for vhieh

compeasition was granted.his compensation shall be suspended

while he holds that office.

1929 . Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17 .

15. All expenses incurred by a < < unoil in connection with

payment of compensation to any officer shall be payable as part

of the general expenses of the council, and if any compensation

is payable otherwise than by way of an annua! sum, the payment of the compensation shall he a purpo.-e for which the

council may borrow, subject to tho consent of the ^Minister,

and upon such terms as he may authorise.

1G. For the purposes of this Schedule—

(o) the expression "emoluments " includes fees and

salaries; and

(6) the office of a registration officer or registrar of

marriages shall he deemed to be an office held

under a local authority; and

(c) the office of a teacher in a public elementary school

maintained but not provided by a local education

authority shall be deemed to be an office under the

authority; and

(d) the expression "local authority" means any local

authority as defined in section three of the Local

Government and other Officers’ Superannuation

Act, 1922.

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Transitional Provisions.

Tran s fer of Propnly.

1. Where any property is transferred by or in pursuance

of Fart VII. of this Act from one authority to another authority

or body—

(a) the property shall, except as otherwise expressly

provided, be held by the authority or body to whom

it is transferred subject to all debts and liabilities

affecting the property;

(b) the latter authority or body shall hold the property for

the estate, interest, and purposes, and subject to tho

covenants, conditions, and restrictions for and subject

to which the property would have been held if this Act

had not been passed, so far as they are not modified by

or in pursuance of l’art \ II. of this Act;

187

Sr a Sch.

—I Oil/.

St-ction 132.

188

»TH SCH.

—cont.

Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

(c) if and so far as the property consists of stock, the

provisions of the Local Government (Stock Transfer)

Act, 1895, shall apply for the purposes of any such

transfer in like maimer as if the transfer had been

made by virtue of the Local Government Act, 1894

with this modification, that for the reference to a

certificate of the clerk of the county council there

shall he substituted a reference to a certificate of the Minister.

Provisions as to existing Guardians and Rural District Councillors.

2. —(1) No election of guardians shall be held after the

commencement of this Act and the term of office of guardians

representing any area in a county borough or urban district or in

the county of London and holding office at the commencement

of this Act shall continue to the appointed day, and any

casual vacancy occurring amongst those guardians may be filled

by election by the board of guardians.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect the qualification of any

person elected or nominated for election before the appointed day

as a rural district councillor during the term of office for which

he was so elected or nominated.

Settlement and Irremovability,

3.—(l) Every person who at the appointed day has, or is in

the course of acquiring, a settlement in any parish by reason of

residence, birth or other qualification therein, shall be deemed to

have or to be in the course of acquiring a settlement in the

county or county borough in which the parish is comprised.

(2) Every person w ho at the appointed day has, or is in

the courso of acquiring, a status of irremovability from a poor

law union, shall be deemed to have or to be in the course of

acquiring a status of irremovability from the county or county

borough in which the poor law union is comprised, or if the poor

law union is not wholly comprised within one county or county

borough, from the county or county borough in which is comprised the part of the poor law union by reason of residence

wherein the status of irremovability was, or was in the course of

being, acquired.

(3) For the purposes of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph,

consecutive periods of residence in two or more places within

any poor law union which is not wholly comprised within one

county or county borough shall be aggregated and reckoner! as

continuous residence in that part of the poor law union in which

the person so resided immediately before the appointed day.

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

Outstanding Precepts and Audit of Accounts.

4.—(1) All precepts for contributions issued before the

appointed day and not discharged before that day shall be payable

to the appropriate council by the rating authority.

(2) The accounts of all receipts and expenditure before

the appointed day shall be audited, and disallowances, surcharges,

and penalties recovered and enforced, and other consequential

proceedings had, in like manner as nearly as may be as if this Act had not been passed, but as soon as practicable after the

appointed day, and every authority, committee, or officer whose

duty it is to make up any accounts, or to account for any

portion of the receipts or expenditure in any account shall,

until the audit is completed, be deemed for the purpose of such

audit to continue in office, and be bound to perform the same

duties and render the same accounts and be subject to the same

liabilities as before the appointed day:

Provided that any sum certified to be due from any person

by the district auditor at the audit shall be paid by that person

to the appropriate council.

Provisions when liability for loan is transferred to the council

who made the loan.

5. Where the liabilities of an authority transferred to a

council under Part VII. of this Act comprise a liability on

account of money advanced by that council to the authority,

the Minister may make such orders as he thinks fit for providing

for the repayment of any debts incurred by the council for the

purposes of those advances within a period fixed by the -order,

and, where the money advanced to the authority was money

standing to the credit of any sinking fund or capital money

applied under the Local Government Acts, 1888 and 1S94, or

either of them, for the repayment to the proper fund or account

of the amount so advanced.

Provisions as to Loans of Rural District Councils

for special Expenses.

I

6. As from the appointed day, any sum borrowed or

reborrowed before that date by the council of a rural district

on the credit of any rate out of which special expenses of the

council aro payable shall be deemed to have been borrowed also

upon the credit of any moneys from time to time received by the

council under this Act and applicable for the purposes for which

the loan was contracted, and any mortgage for the purpose of

securing the repayment of any sum so borrowed with interest

thereon shall have effect accordingly.

189

9th Sch.

— cont.

01 & 52 Vict.

c. 41.

50 iV 57 Vict.

c. 73.

190 Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Grco. 5.

Saving for Pending Contracts, Legal Proceedings, dec.

7. —(1) All proceedings, legal and other, begun before the

appointed day, may be carried on in like manner, an nearly as

may l)e, a3 if this Act had not been passed, and any such

proceeding may be amended in such manner as may appear

necessary or proper in order to bring it into conformity with

the provisions of this Act, and of any order or scheme made

thereunder.

(2) Any cause of action by or against anj r authority which

exists at the appointed day in relation to any functions,

liabilities, debts or property transferred by this Act to a council

shall not be prejudicially affected by the passing of this Act, but

may be prosecuted and enforced by or against the council as

successors of the authority from whom the transfer was made.

(S) All contracts, deeds, bonds, agreements, notices, and

other instruments affecting any functions, liabilities, debts, or

property transferred by this Act and subsisting at the appointed

day, shall be of as full force and effect against or in favour of the

council to whom the transfer was made, and may be enforced

as fully and effectually as if, instead of the authority named in

the instrument, the council to whom the transfer was made had

been a party thereto.

Provisions as to Metropolitan Common Poor Fund.

8. —(1) Section one of the Local Authorities (Emergency

Provisions) Act, 1923, which provides for the temporary extension

of charges on the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund, shall as

amended by any subsequent enactment have effect as if for

references therein to the first day of April, nineteen hundred

and thirty-two, there were substituted references* to the commencement of the financial year ending immediately before the

appointed day.

(2) No expenditure incurred by any poor law authority in

London in respect of the financial year ending immediately

before the appointed day shall be repayable to the authority out

of the Metropolitan Common Poor Fund, and as soon as practicable after the appointed day the fund shall be wound up and

the balance standing to the credit of the fund shall be paid to

the London County Council.

Part II.

Temporary Provisions.

Amendment of S])ecial Lists made under 18 and 19 Geo. V., c. 44.

and Consequential Amendment of Valuation Lists.

1.—(1) When a draft special list for a rating area has been

deposited in accordance with the First Schedule to the Hating

9th Sch

— cont.

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

and Valuation (Apportionment) Act 1928, then, •without prejudice

to the provisions of that Schedule as to the malting of objections

and applications, an objection to the list as deposited with, or as

approved by, the assessment committee, may be lodged with that

committee at any time before the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, by the persons and on the grounds

hereinafter mentioned, and the provisions of the said Schedule

rolating to objections and to appeals shall apply thereto.

(2) Such an objection as aforesaid may be lodged—

(a) in the case of a hereditament in respect of which no

claim for its inclusion in the special list hits been made

under the said Schedule, by the occupier or owner

thereof on the ground that the hereditament ought

to be inserted in the list; and

(b) in the case of a hereditament included in the special

list, by the occupier or owner thereof on the ground

that any value appearing in the list in respect, of the

hereditament is incorrect or unfair, and by the rating

authority or, whore he considers the value excessive,

by the revenue officer on the same ground, notwithstanding that the value objected to may have been

inserted in the list by or with the approval of that

authority or officer.

A notice of objection on the ground that a hereditament

ought to be inserted in the special list shall contain such particulars

as would have been required by or under the said Schedule in

the case of a claim for the inclusion of the hereditament in the

draft special list before that list was deposited.

(3) Any amendment of a special list made in consequence

of any such objection lodged as aforesaid which is not determined

until after the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, shall be deemed to have been made upon that date.

(4) The gross value, if any, and the net annual value

appearing in respect of any hereditament in a special list for

any rating area outside the County of London approved in

accordance with the First Schedule to the Rating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928, shall be taken to be the gross value

•and the net annual value of that hereditament for the purposes

of the current valuation list, and, accordingly, the assessment

committee, upon approving the special list and thereafter upon

making any amendment thereof, shall make or cause to be made

in the valuation list the necessary amendments (including any

necessary amendments of rateable values), and those amendments

shall have effect as if made in consequence of a proposal for the

mneiulraent of the valuation list served upon the rating authority

on or before the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine.

191

9th Soh.

— cont.

192

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

till SCB.

— cont.

19; Geo. 5.

Amendment of Valuation Lists in London.

2. —(1) la respect of the period of twelve months beginning

on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine,

the following provisions shall have effect in relation to hereditaments in the County of London, —

(a) as respects any hereditament which has become or

ceased to be an agricultural, industrial, or freight

transport hereditament at any time before the first day

of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, subsection (1) of section seventy of this Act shall have

effect as if the words "in the course of any year " were

omitted therefrom; and

(b) a provisional list made by virtue of the said subsection

and sent to the assessment committee before the sixth

day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty, or sent

to them in compliance with a requisition served on the

rating authority before that date, shall have effect as

from the date on which the hereditament became or

ceased to be an agricultural, industrial, or freight

transport hereditament, as the case may be, or as

from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty nine, whichever is the later.

(2) If any person, being a person entitled to object to a

provisional list, is aggrieved by any decision of the assessment

committee with respect to such a provisional list as aforesaid

sent to them before the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and thirty, or sent to them in compliance with a requisition

served on the rating authority before that date, or if any person

by whom a requisition for such a list has been so served is

aggrieved by the failure of the rating authority to comply

therewith within six weeks after the service thereof, he may

appeal to quarter sessions, and notwithstanding anything in

section forty-two of the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, notice

of any such appeal shall be given within twenty-eight days

after the decision or failure, as the case may be, and any such

appeal may be heard by quarter sessions at any date but, save

as aforesaid, such appeals shall be made in like manner and the

decision thereon shall have the like effect as in the case of appeals

against decisions of the assessment committee on objections to

new valuation lists.

(3) In the case of any hereditament included in a provisional

list as respects which a right of appeal to quarter sessions is

given by this paragraph so much of paragraph (10) of section

forty-seven of the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, as provides

for repayments and allowances if the value of the hereditament

included in a provisional list is reduced when the next revision

of the valuation list takes place shall not apply.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

193

Totals of Values in London.

3. For the purpose of totals of values in the county of

London, any amendment made in a valuation list in force on the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, on the

ground that a hereditament was or was not on that date an

agricultural, industrial, or freight transport hereditament shall,

if made by means of a special list prepared in accordance with *

the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, or by

means of a provisional list sent to the assessment committee

before the first day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty,

or sent to them in compliance with a requisition served on the

rating authority before that date, have effect notwithstanding

anything in subsection (11) of section forty-seven of the Valuation

(Metropolis) Act, 1869, as if it had been made by a supplemental

list coming into force on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred

and thirty.

Provisions as to Revenue Officer.

4. Where any proposal for the amendment of a valuation

list or the making of any provisional list involves a question

whether a hereditament ought to be shown in any such list

as having been on the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, an agricultural, industrial, or freight transport

hereditament, the revenue officer shall, save that he shall not be

entitled to contend that the gross value or net annual value of

a hereditament as a whole ought to be increased, have the like

rights with respect to receiving copies of provisional lists and

of proposals and notices in connection therewith, making and

opposing objections thereto, and appearing upon any proceedings

relating thereto, and with respect to appealing and receiving

notices of and resisting appeals as if he were the occupier of the

hereditament.

5. In this Part of this Schedule the expression "revenue

officer " has the same meaning as in the First Schedule to the

Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928.

Supplemental Lists in London.

6. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section one

of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, it shall

not bo necessary for an agricultural, industrial or freight transport

hereditament to be distinguished as such in any supplemental list

which will come into force in the County of London on the sixth

day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty, and nothing contained

in any such supplemental list shall operate to alter the valuation

list in force immediately before the said date as respects any

hereditament which in that valuation list is so distinguished as

aforesaid.

9th Sch.

—c ont.

N

194

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Section 132. TENTH SCHEDULE.

Adaptation op Enactments.

General Adaptations.

1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, references in any

enactment so far as it applies to England to any of the terms

mentioned in the first column of the following table shall be

construed as references to the terms mentioned in the second

column thereof.

Reference. Adaptation.

Board of Guardians -

Board of management or managers of a school district.

Changeability for any poor law

purpose to any parish, township or place, or to a parish or

union, or to a union or parish,

or to the common fund of a

union.

Clerk to the guardians

Common fund of the union or

fund of the board of guardians

for a single parish.

District school or district poor law

school.

Guardian—as an individual

Guardians—as a corporate body -

Medical officer of a board of

guardians or of a union.

Officer of a board of guardians or

guardians or officer of a union

or other area for which a board

of guardians are constituted.

Parish—as the area for which a

board of guardians are constituted.

Council of a county or county

borough.

Council of a county or county

borough.

Chargeability to a county or

county borough.

Clerk of the county council

or tow n clerk of the county

borough, or such other

officer as may for the purpose be appointed or designated by the council.

County fund or general rate

fund of the county borough.

Separate school.

Member of the council of a

county or county borough.

Council of a county or county

borough.

Poor law medical officer of a

county or county borough.

Officer concerned with the

relief of the poor.

County or county borough.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

195

Reference.

Parish—as the area in which a

settlement is acquired or

derived.

Parochial relief -

Poor law union -

Treasurer of a poor law union

Union or other area for which a

board of guardians are constituted.

Union or parochial relief

Adaptation.

County or county borough.

Poor relief.

County or county borough.

County treasurer or treasurer

of a county borough.

County or county borough.

Poor relief.

2. References in any enactment to subsection (2) of section

eleven of the Local Government Act, 1888, shall be construed

as references to the provisions of this Act relating to the rights

of certain urban district councils to maintain county roads.

lOi'H SOH.

— coru.

3. Where by any enactment any forms are prescribed, the Minister may by order make such adaptations thereof as may

appear to him to be necessary for the purpose of bringing the

forms into conformity with this Act.

4. The Minister may by order made on the application of

any council exercising functions under this Act make such

amendments or adaptations of any local Act as may appear to

him to be necessary for the purpose of bringing any provision

of that Act into conformity with the provisions of this Act and

any such order shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may

be after it is made.

Special Adaptations.

5. Section twenty-three of the Metropolitan Police Act, io fieo. 4 .

1829 (which prescribes the basis on which sums required for the o. 44.

purposes of the Metropolitan police are to be raised) shall have

elfect as if there were therein substituted for the words from

" shall not exceed " to " county rate " the words "shall be

assessed on the rateable value of all hereditaments within the

parish, township, precinct, or place as appearing in the valuation

list for the time being in force."

6. In section three of the Marriage Act, 1836, section seven

of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, and section

twenty-seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837,

references to the union, parish or place for which a superintendent

registrar is appointed shall be construed as references to the

registration district.

7. In section nine of the Births and Deaths Registration

Act, 1836, after the words "register office" there shall be

inserted the words "for each registration district."

196 Ch. 17. Local Government Act, 1929. 19 Geo. 5.

10th Soh 4 8 . References in sections one hundred and eighty-nine and

~ cont’one hundred and ninety-one of the Public Health Act, 1875, to

officers any portion of whose salary is paid out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be construed as references to officei s

in respect of whose salaries payment is made by a county council

or county borough council in pursuance of this Act.

•J. The power of a rural district council under section two

hundred and thirty-three of the Public Health Act, 1875, as

amended or applied by any subsequent enactment, to borrow

or reborrow sums on the credit of a special rate and to mortgage

any such rate, shall include power to borrow or reborrow on the

credit of, and for that purpose to mortgage, any moneys from time

to time received by the council under this Act and applicable for

the purpose for which the loan is contracted.

41 , \c 42 Vict. 10. Section sixteen of the Highways and Locomotives

c. 77. (Amendment) Act, 1878, shall have effect as if the words "in

pursuance of this Act " were omitted therefrom.

47 A: 48 Vict. 1 J. In subsection (1) of section ten of the Criminal Lunatics

<-• 04. Act, 18S4, for the words "union or parish ’’ the word "place "

shall be substituted.

12. In the Lunacy Act, 1890, the following adaptations shall

be made—

(a) from subsection (3) of section twenty-seven the words

" in which the place " shall be omitted and in that

subsection, for the words "the parish in which he is

adjudged to be settled is situate " there shall be

substituted the words "to the county or county borough

in which he is adjudged to be settled ";

(b) from subsection (3) of section two hundred and eighty-

three the words "or settled in " shall be omitted and

the words "or settled in the county or county borough

to which the asylum belongs " shall be added at the

end of the subsection;

(c) section two hundred and ninety, which enables a pauper

lunatic, whose settlement cannot be ascertained, to be

adjudged chargeable to a local authority, shall cease to

have effect, without prejudice to the effect of any order

made under that section which is in force on the

appointed day.

13. In the Lunacy Act, 1891, the following adaptations shall

be made—

(a) a direction under subsection (2) of section two may

authorise one relieving officer to discharge the duties

of a relieving officer in respect of lunatics throughout

any specified portion of a county or county borough;

1929. Local Government Act, 1929. Ch. 17.

(b) for section six the following section shall be substituted:

" Where a workhouse is not situate within the

county or county borough to which the workhouse

belongs, a summary reception order made by a

justice of the county or county borough in which the

workhouse is situate may order a lunatic in the

workhouse to be received in any asylum in which

pauper lunatics chargeable to the county or county

borough to which the workhouse belongs may legally

be received ";

(c) section twenty-five (which enables the chairman of a

board of guardians to be authorised to sign reception

orders in respect of pauper lunatics) shall cease to have

effect.

14. The right of a rural district council under subsection

(3) of section fifty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1894, to use

for their meetings and proceedings the board room and offices

of any board of guardians for the union comprising the district,

shall be restricted to premises which, at the passing of this Act,

are used by a rural district council under that subsection:

Provided that a county council on giving not less than three

months’ notice to the rural district council may determine the

use of the premises by the district council, but in such case the

county council shall if the district council so require provide

other suitable accommodation for the purposes aforesaid, and if

any difference arises between a county council and a district

council as to the suitability of the accommodation proposed to be

provided by the county council, the difference may, on the application of either party, be decided by the Minister.

15. For subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-

two of the Education Act, 1921, there shall be substituted the

following subsection :—

" (2) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section

as to consultation before charging certain expenses on

certain areas, any charge or allocation of expenses made

by a county council under this section or under any

corresponding enactment repealed by this Act may at

any time be cancelled or varied by the county council."

16. As from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, section ten of the Allotments Act, 1922, shall not

apply to land which is agricultural land within the meaning of

Part V. of this Act.

17. As from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, the relief to occupiers of agricultural hereditaments

granted by this Act shall not be taken into account by an

arbitrator in determining for the purposes of section twelve of

197

10th Sch.

— cont.

12 & 13

Geo. 8, o. 81.

198

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

10th Sch.

— cont.

the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, what rent is properly

payable in respect of a holding.

18. For the purpose of determining under section one or

section two of the Education (Institution Children) Act, 1923,

tho area in which the place of settlement of a child is situated,

the place of settlement shall be deemed to be the parish which

would have been the place of settlement if this Act had not been

passed.

19. Paragraph (b) (i) of subsection (1) of section two of the

Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1925, shall have effect as if after

the words "public elementary school " there were inserted tho

words " or, after the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

thirty, in or in connection with a poor law school."

20. Subsection (2) of section seventeen of the Tithe Act,

1925, shall, for the purposes of any application for the redemption

of any lay tithe rentcharge on any land made by the owner of the land on or after the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, have effect as if—

(a) for the words "then if the land charged with the tithe

rentcharge, except so far as it consists of buildings in

the same occupation, is agricultural land for the purposes

of the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, " there were

substituted the words "then, if and so far as tho land

charged with the tithe rentcharge is agricultural land

or agricultural buildings within the meaning of Part V.

of the Local Government Act, 1929, "; and

(b) for the words "any rate to which tho Agricultural Rates

Act, 1896, applies, " there were substituted the words

" any general rate (including any additional item

thereof) "; and

(c) there were inserted at the end of the subsection the

following words :—

" In relation to any period before the date on which

the first general rate under the Rating and Valuation

Act, 1925, became leviable in the rating area in

which the land is situate, the reference in this subsection to a general rate shall be construed as a

reference to any rate to which the Agricultural Rates

Act, 1896, applied during the said period in that area."

21. In the Poor Law Act, 1927, the following adaptations

shall be made—

(a) for subsection (1) of section two the following subsection shall be substituted:

" (1) The law relating to the relief of the poor shall

he administered locally by councils of counties

and county boroughs, and in the administration

thereof a member of a county council or county

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

199

borough council, or a committee or sub-committee of

such a council, shall not, save as otherwise expressly

provided by this Act, or any rules, orders or regulations of the Minister made thereunder, be capable

of acting by virtue of his office except at a meeting

of the council, committee or sub-committee ";

(b) section six, as applied by subsection (4) of section twenty-

four of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall have

effect as if the words "or, in the case of a guardian for

" a parish wholly or partly situate within a borough,

" is qualified to be elected a councillor for that borough "

were omitted therefrom;

(c) nothing in sections twenty-nine to thirty-two or in section

two hundred and twenty-four shall apply to officers

appointed by the council of a county or county borough

under any Act other than the Poor Law Act, 1927;

(d) from subsection (1) of section forty-six, the words "for

" the district wherein the poor law union or the greater

" part thereof is comprised " shall be omitted;

(e) from subsection (1) of section forty-nine, the words "a

majority of " shall be omitted;

(f) from section fifty-two, there shall be omitted, in proviso

(i) thereof, the words "in the interval between their

meetings, " and in proviso (ii) thereof, the words "the

" board of guardians are not sitting or ";

(g) in subsection (1) of section seventy-three, for the words

" poor law union " there shall be substituted the words

" county or county borough or in any part thereof ";

(h) in subsection (2) of section eighty-eight, there shall

be substituted for the words "one of their number "

the word " person ";

(*) in paragraph (b) of section one hundred and sixteen for

the words "comprising the parish " there shall be

substituted the words "to which he was ordered to be

removed ";

(j) in subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty-

three, for the words "the workhouse of the last-

mentioned board " there shall be substituted the words

" any workhouse of the last-mentioned council or, if

" any particular workhouse has been designated for the

" purpose by them, at that workhouse, " and from

subsection (2) of the said section, the words "guardian

" or " shall be omitted;

(Jc) in paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of section one hundred

and twenty-four, for the words "in the county court

10th Sch.

—cont .

200

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

10th Sch.

— COnt.

" within whose district their poor law union or the

" greater part thereof is situated" there shall be

substituted the words "in any county court the

" district whereof is wholly or partly comprised in their

" county or county borough ";

(l) in subsections (1) and (4) of section one hundred and

twenty-eight, for the words "the workhouse, " wherever

those words occur, there shall be substituted the words

" any workhouse ";

(m) from section one hundred and seventy-two the word

" chargeability " shall be omitted, and for the words

* ' poor law union " there shall be substituted the word

" parish ";

In) from subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighty-

six, the words "and where meetings of the dispensary

committee may be held " shall be omitted;

(o) in section two hundred and nine for the words from

" a school or asylum " to the end of the section the

words " a separate school " shall be substituted;

(p) from section two hundred and ten, the words "or a

" dispensary committee, " and the words "dispensary

" committee " shall be omitted;

(q) in section two hundred and twenty-two for the words

" and any parochial and other local meeting " the

words " or committee or sub-committee " shall be

substituted;

(r) for section two hundred and twenty-five, the following

section shall be substituted:

" A certificate of chargeability in such form as may

be prescribed by order of the Minister, or in a form

to the like effect, may be issued by the council of any

county or county borough, and every such certificate

purporting to be signed by the clerk of the council

shall, unless the contrary is shown, be sufficient

evidence of the truth of all the statements contained

therein, and shall, within the period of twenty-one

days from the date of the certificate, be received in

evidence accordingly by all courts of law and all

justices and for all purposes without proof of the

signature or of the official character of the person

signing it."

22. The provisions of the Poor Law Act, 1927, with respect

to the qualification, election and term of office and retirement of

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

201

guardians and to the qualification of the chairman of a board of 10th Sen.

guardians shall, as applied by subsection (4) of section twenty- — co, lt -

four of the Local Government Act, 1894, to district councillors

and to the chairman of a district council of a rural district, have

effect as if for references therein to " a guardian, " " guardians, "

" guardians of a poor law union, " and " members of a board of

guardians, " there were substituted references to a " rural district

councillor " or " rural district councillors, " as the case may

require, as if for references to " board of guardians " there were

substituted references to " rural district council, " and as if for

references to " union " or " poor law union " there were

substituted references to " rural district."

Special adapU:tions applying to the County of London.

23. —(1) References in any other enactment to the Metropolitan Asylum District or to an asylum district, shall be construed as references to the County of London, and references in

any other enactment to the Metropolitan Asylum Managers or

Metropolitan Asylums Board, or to an asylum board or managers

of an asylum district constituted under the Poor Law Act, 1927,

or under any enactment repealed by that Act, shall be construed

as references to the London County Council.

(2) References in any enactment to asylums or hospitals

under the Metropolitan Poor Act, 18G7, or provided by the

Metropolitan Asylum Managers or by an asylum board, shall be

construed as references to asylums and hospitals provided for

the county of London under the Poor Law Act, 1927, or any

enactment repealed by that Act.

24. In the application to the county of London of—

(a) the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to

1926;

(b) the Vaccination Acts, 1867 to 1907;

(c) the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869, and any enactment thereby applied to the county of London or

amending that Act; and

(d) any rule, regulation, byelaw, order or award made

under any Act or enactment mentioned in this

paragraph;

references therein to any of the terms mentioned in the first

column of the following table shall be construed as referencea

to the terms mentioned in the second column thereof.

202

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

10m Sj r,

— cunt.

Reference.

Board of guardians

Clerk to the guardians -

iimnion fund of the union

or fund of the board of

guardians for a single

parish.

Guardian— as an individual -

Guardians — as a corporate

body.

Toor lavr union -

Union or other area for w hieb

a hoard of guardians are

elected.

Adaptation.

Common council and council of a

metropolitan borough.

Town clerk of the city of London

or metropolitan borough, or

such other officer as may for

the purpose be appointed or

designated by the council.

Fund out of which the general

expenses of the common council

or council of a metropolitan

borough are payable.

Member of the common council

or council of a metropolitan

borough.

Common council and council of a

metropolitan borough.

City of London or metropolitan

borough.

City of London or metropolitan

borough.

25. The last foregoing paragraph shall not affect the construction of the words "guardians and officers of guardians "

in section five of the Vaccination Act, 1871, or of the words

" medical officer of any board of guardians " in section thirteen

of that Act.

Savings.

20. The adaptations effected by this Schedule shall not—

(«) affect the authorities by whom the provisions of the

Public Health (London) Act., 1891, are to be executed

or the manner in which their expenses are to be

defrayed; or

(6) affect the manner in which any precept for the payment

of the expenses of a parish council or parish meeting

is to be enforced.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

203

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE. Section 136.

Provisions for securing allowance of Rebates to

Selected Traffics corresponding to Rate-relief

of certain Companies.

Part I.

Provisions as to Allouxmce of Rebates and Reimbursement

of Companies out of Rate-relief.

1. The companies to which this Schedule applies are:

(a) every railway company for which a schedule of standard

charges has been settled under the Railways Act,

1021, or to which such a schedule is for the time

being applied under section thirty-three of that Act,

being a company whereof the railway is used for the

conveyance of merchandise otherwise than by

passenger train or carriage; and

(b) every light railway company, being a company

whereof the light railway is used as a public railway

for the conveyance of merchandise otherwise than by

passenger train or carriage;

and such companies are in this Schedule referred to as " the

companies."

2. There shall be established and maintained a fund to be

called the " Railway Freight Rebates Fund " (hereinafter referred

to as " the fund ") which shall be administered and controlled

subject to the provisions of this Schedule by the Railway Clearing

House, and as from the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, each of the companies shall, by equal monthly

instalments beginning on the fifteenth day of November, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, pay to the fund in respect of every

year sums equal in the aggregate to the estimated rate relief

of the company in that year; and as soon as the difference, if

any, between the actual rate relief of a company in any year

and the estimated rate relief of the company in that year has

been ascertained, a sum equal to the difference shall be paid by

way of adjustment out of the fund to the company or by the

company to the fund, as the case may require.

3. The companies shall jointly, on or before the first day

of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, prepare and submit

to the tribunal a scheme (hereinafter referred to as " the

scheme ") providing for the allowance by the companies of

rebates from the carriage charges made by them in respect of the selected traffics, calculated in manner hereinafter appearing:

Provided that a scheme shall be deemed to have been

prepared and submitted to the tribunal by the companies

204

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

11th Sch. jointly if it has been prepared and so submitted by or on behalf

—cont. 0 f companies (being companies to which this Schedule applies)

of which the aggregate total expenditure on capital account is

not less than ninety per cent, of the aggregate total expenditure

on capital account of all the companies.

4. If the scheme so provides there shall, in every year, be

set aside in the fund for the purpose of meeting any deficiency

therein at the end of the year a contingency reserve of such

an amount, not exceeding five per cent, of the aggregate of the

sums paid and payable into the fund in respect of that year

under paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule, as the scheme

may determine.

5. —(1) There shall in respect of every year be paid out of the general moneys of the fund—

(a) in respect of administrative expenses, a sum equal to

one-half of one per cent, of the aggregate of the estimated rate relief of the companies in respect of that

year or such higher percentage thereof as the tribunal

may allow on application in that behalf being made by

the companies; and

(b) any interest payable on sums borrowed by the Railway

Gearing House in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule; and

(c) to each of the companies a sum, determined in accordance with the provisions of the scheme, equal to the

amount of the rebates allowed by the company under

the scheme in respect of selected traffics delivered in

that year for conveyance by railway.

(2) Out of the sum payable under sub-paragraph (1) (a)

of this paragraph there shall be allocated and paid to the Railway

Clearing House a sum equal to the amount of the administrative

expenses incurred by them in that year in giving effect to

the provisions of this Schedule and the balance shall be

appropriated for the purpose of meeting the expenses of the

companies incurred in that year under or for the purposes of the scheme and shall be apportioned between the companies

and paid to them in proportion to the rebates respectively allowed

by them under the scheme.

6. —(1) The rebates provided for by the scheme shall be so

calculated, as nearly as may be, that—

(a) the aggregate of the rebates in respect of the group of

selected traffics contained in Part II. of this Schedule

will amount annually to a sum equal to one-fifth of the annual net revenue of the fund; and

(b) the aggregate of the rebates in respect of the group of

selected traffics contained in Part HI. of this Schedule

will amount annually to a sum equal to seven-tenths of the annual net revenue of the fund; and

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

205

(c) the aggregate of the rebates in respect of the group of

selected traffics contained in Part IV. of this Schedule

will amount annually to a sum equal to one-tenth of the annual net revenue of the fund.

(2) The scheme shall make provision for securing that the

rebates in respect of the selected traffics contained in each of the several groups, other than rebates from tolls, will be at a

uniform rate and that rebates from any toll in respect of the

selected traffics shall be such percentage of the toll as may be

determined by the scheme.

(3) In preparing the scheme—

(a) the receipts of the companies in respect of the several

selected traffics shall, for the purpose of calculating

the rebates to be allowed under the scheme, be taken

to be those estimated for the year nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven; and

(b) the rate-relief of the companies in the year beginning

on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, shall be taken to be of such amount as

may be estimated by the companies.

(4) The scheme shall provide for the manner in which the

rebates thereby provided for are to be allowed, and for the time

at which payments or instalments of payments are to be made

out of the fund to the companies, and contain such supplemental and consequential provisions as may be necessary for

giving effect to the objects of this Schedule, and, in particular,

may make provision for enabling rebates to be allowed in

respect of merchandise consigned as being intended to be

so used, shipped or delivered as to constitute it a selected

traffic, before it has been so used, shipped or delivered, and

may contain provisions enabling the Railway Clearing House

to remit any repayment due to the fund by any company in

respect of any amount allowed in error by the company in excess

of the rebates required by the scheme if the Railway Clearing

House are satis lied that all proper precautions were taken by

the company to avoid such errors and that recovery by the

company of the amount allowed in excess is not reasonably

practicable.

(5) The scheme shall make provision for apportioning the

rebates to be allowed among the carriage charges made in the

following cases :—

(a) in respect of coal delivered to a washery, coke ovon, or

patent fuel works, from two or more collieries w here the

coal is so mixed that it cannot be identified as being

consigned from any one colliery and a part only of the

coal, or of the resultant coke, or patent fuel is a selected

traffic; and

11th Sch.

— cont.

20(3

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

11th Suh.

— cont.

(b) in respect of coal shipped coastwise where the coal is so

mixed that it cannot be identified as being consigned

from any one colliery and a part only thereof is

exported;

and may provide for any certificates necessary for such

apportionment being obtained by the companies and for the

allowance of rebates apportioned upon the basis thereof, subject

to occasional verification of the facts thereby certified.

7. —(1) Printed copies of the scheme as submitted to the

tribunal shall be made available by the companies for purchase

at such places and at such price as the tribunal may direct, and

notice of the places and price at which such copies may be purchased shall be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes.

Not less than twenty-one days after the publication of the said

notices the tribunal shall consider the scheme, and, after-hearing

any of the companies or any representative body of traders interested which may be desirous of being heard, shall have power

to make such modifications therein, if any, as the tribunal think

necessary or desirable, and upon receiving a certificate, as respects

England from the Minister of Health and as respects Scotland from

the Secretary of State, showing the amount estimated by them

respectively as being the estimated rate-relief of the companies

in the year beginning on the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, shall adopt the estimates shown by

the certificates and shall make such modifications in the scheme

as may be thereby rendered necessary.

(2) After making such modifications in the scheme as the

tribunal are hereinbefore required to make and any other modifications which they think necessary or desirable, and upon being

satisfied that the scheme complies with the requirements of this

Schedule, the tribunal shall, not later than the thirty-first day

of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, approve the scheme.

8. If the companies fail to submit the scheme to the

tribunal before the said first day of June, or before such later

date as may be allowed by the tribunal, the scheme shall be

prepared and made by the tribunal before the said thirty-first

day of July, and the companies shall furnish to the tribunal

such information as the tribunal may require for that purpose.

9. The scheme, as so approved or made by the tribunal

under the foregoing provisions of this Schedule, shall come into

operation on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and shall not be revoked, and shall not be altered

otherwise than as hereinafter in this Schedule provided, and any

person against whom a carriage charge is made by any of the

companies in respect of any of the selected traffics delivered on

or after that date for conveyance by railway shall be entitled to

such rebate therefrom as may be provided for by the scheme.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

207

10.—(1) The tribunal shall review the operation of the

scheme within two months after the end o c every year and

shall give not less than twenty-one days’ notice of the date,

time and place of the sitting at which the review will take place,

and at any such review the tribunal, after hearing any of the

companies or any representative body of traders interested which

may be desirous of being heard, and after considering all the

circumstances (including the receipts of the companies in respect

of the several selected traffics delivered during the year preceding

the review for conveyance by railway), shall, subject as hereinafter provided, by order make in the scheme such modifications,

if any, as they think necessary or desirable, but so that the

provisions thereof shall comply with the requirements of this

Schedule:

Provided that—

(a) the tribunal shall not by any such order alter the rate

for the time being in force of any rebate provided for

by the scheme unless—

(i) a debit balance is brought forward in the

fund from the last preceding year; or

(ii) the tribunal is of opinion that in tho year in

which the review takes place the amount of the

rate-relief of the companies will be less than the

amount thereof estimated for the purpose of calcu

lating the rebates in force, and that, unless such

alterations are made, there will be a deficiency in

the fund in respect of that year; or

(iii) the tribunal is of opinion that, Hnless such

alterations are made, the aggregate of the rebates

in respect of any group of selected traffics will, in

the year in which the review takes place, fall short

of a sum equal to the appropriate proportion of the net revenue of the fund for that year by more

than the fixed marginal allowance; and

(b) the rates of rebates for the time being in force in

respect of any group of selected traffics shall not be

reduced by any alteration made under sub-para-

graph (iii) of paragraph (a) of this proviso, unless the

tribunal is of opinion that, if such reductions are not

made, the aggregate of the rebates in respect of that

group will, in the year in which the review takes place,

exceed a sum equal to the appropriate proportion of the net revenue of the fund for that year by more

than the fixed marginal allowance; and

(c) no alteration shall in any case be made in the rates of

rebates to be allowed in respect of the selected

traffics which would cause the aggregate of the

11th Sch.

— cunt.

208

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

11th Sen.

— cont.

rebates to be allowed in respect of any group of

selected traffics to fall short of a sum equal to the

appropriate proportion of the net -revenue of the

fund.

(2) In this paragraph the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Appropriate proportion of the net revenue of the

fund " means, as respects any group of selected traffics,

the proportion specified in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 6 of this Part of this Schedule in relation to that

group:

" Fixed marginal allowance " shall in any year be

taken to be, in relation to any group of selected traffics,

an amount equivalent to one per cent, of the amount

estimated by the tribunal as being the aggregate of the

carriage charges made and to be made by the companies

in respect of the traffics contained in that group, delivered

in that year for conveyance by railway.

11. If it appears to the Minister of Transport that by reason

of some exceptional occurrence the net revenue of the fund for

any year is or will be abnormally greater or less than the amount

which, upon the basis of the rebates for the time being in force,

will be required, to pay the sums payable thereout under

paragraph five of this Part of this Schedule to the companies

in respect of that year, and that there is danger of such instability

being thereby occasioned in the rates of the said rebates as to

affect prejudicially the operation of the scheme, he shall issue

to the tribunal a certificate that in his opinion the rates of the

rebates to be allowed in respect of any group of selected traffics

specified in the certificate ought to be reviewed, and upon receipt

of such a certificate the tribunal shall, notwithstanding anything

in this Part of this Schedule, have power to make such alterations

in the scheme as they consider desirable for stabilising, so far as

practicable, the rates of the rebates to be allowed in respect of

that group, and, if they think fit, for securing that any abnormal

excess shall be expended, or abnormal deficiency made good, as

the case may be, over such period of years as they think proper.

12. —(1) The tribunal shall have the like powers to make

general rules governing their procedure and practice and generally

for carrying into effect their functions under this Schedule, and

to prescribe a scale of fees for and in connection with proceedings before them, as they have under section twenty-two of the

Railways Act, 1921, with respect to their functions under

Part III of that Act, but subject to the like approval, consent

and limitations as are required or imposed by that section, and

rules made under this paragraph may apply, with the necessary

adaptations, any of the rules for the time being in force under

the said section twenty-two.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

209

(2) Section twenty-one, subsection (2) of section twenty-two,

section twenty-three, section twenty-four except subsection (4)

thereof, and section twenty-five (except so far as it relates to

appeals) of the said Act, shall apply with respect to the functions

of the tribunal under this Schedule as they aj>ply for the purposes

of that Act.

(3) Subsection (1) of section fifty-four of the said Act (which

relates to the publication of schedules of standard charges)

‘shall apply with respect to the scheme and to any orders of the tribunal modifying the scheme as it applies to schedules

of standard charges, and the Documentary Evidence Act, 1808,

as amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall

apply with respect to the scheme and with respect to any

such orders as if they were documents issued by the Minister of

Transport.

(4) The annual report of their proceedings under the Railways

Act, 1921, made by the tribunal to the Minister of Transport

under subsection (3) of section twenty-two of that Act and laid

before Parliament, shall include a report of their proceedings

under this Schedule and of the operation of the scheme.

13. The following provisions shall have effect with respect

to the fund—

(a) all moneys of the fund shall be kept separate from all

other moneys under the control of the Railway Clearing

House, and the Railway Clearing House shall keep

separate accounts with respect to all moneys of the

fund:

(b) the Railway Clearing House shall invest in such investments as they think fit such part of the moneys of the fund as they may from time to time consider to be

not immediately required, and the interest on any

such investments shall be paid into the fund:

(c) the Railway Clearing House shall have the like powers

with respect to the opening and keeping of bank accounts

and the making of payments thereout, and to the

recovery of sums due to the fund, as they have for

the purposes of their functions in relation to the Railway

Clearing System and to the funds applicable to the

expenses of that System:

(<i) the Railway Clearing House may, with the consent of the Minister of Transport and subject to such conditions as

he may think fit, borrow moneys on the security of the

fund fur purposes connected with the scheme:

(r) the accounts of the fund shall be audited annually by

an auditor appointed by the Minister of Transport,

and the expenses of any such audit shall be defrayed as

part of the administrative expenses of the Railway

0

11th Sch.

— emit.

210

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

11th Scir.

— coitf.

Clearing House. It shall be the duty of the companies

and of the Railway Clearing House to furnish all such

information and give all such facilities as may he

required by the auditor for the purposes of any such

audit:

(f) abstracts of the accounts of the fund, certified by th

auditor, shall he furnished annually to the Minihfi r of

Transport at such times and in such form as he may

approve:

(g) if the net revenue of the fund for any year is insufficient

to pay the sums determined in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (1) (c) of paragraph a of this Part

of this Schedule to be due to the companies in respect of

that year, the Railway Clearing House shall certify the

amount of the deficiency, and one moiety of that

amount shall be made good by the companies in

manner hereinafter appearing, and the other moiety

thereof shall he made good out of any moneys standing

to the credit of the contingency reserve account, and if

the moneys standing to the credit of that account as at

the end of the year are insufficient to make good the

said moiety, the balance of the deficiency shall be

brought forward as a debit balance in the fund;

Provided that in determining for the purposes of this

provision whether there is for any year such a deficiency

as aforesaid or the amount of any such deficiency, no

account shall be taken of any sum paid in that year

by w T ay of adjustment under paragraph 2 of this Part

of this Schedule:

(/<) any moneys standing to the credit of the contingency

reserve account as at the end of any year, which are

not applied under the provisions of the last foregoing

sub-paragraph towards making good a deficiency, shall

be brought forward as part of the general moneys of the fund:

(t) any balance standing to the credit of the general account

of the fund as at the end of any year shall be brought

forward therein.

14. Any amount required in any year under the foregoing

provisions of tins Schedule to be paid by the companies towards

making good any deficiency in the fund shall be apportioned by

the Railway Ch aring House between the several companies in

such proportion as may have been determined before the end of the year by agreement between the companies or by an arbitrator

appointed on the application of any company by the Minister

of Transport, or, in default of such determination, in the

proportions which the receipts of the several companies

respectively bear to the total receipts of all the companies,

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

211

being in each case receipts in respect of the selected traffics

delivered in that year for conveyance by railway; and a sum

equal to the part of the deficiency so apportioned to any

company shall, on the demand of the Railway Clearing House,

be paid to the fund by that company.

15. Any sum allowed by a company by way of rebate which

may be found not to have been properly allowable (either by

reason of the merchandise in respect of which the rebate was

allowed not having been so used, shipped or delivered as to

constitute it a selected traffic, or for any other reason) shall be

recoverable by the company as a debt due from the person to

whom it was allowed.

16. Any question as to whether any rebate is or was allowable or as to the basis on which any rebate should be or should

have been calculated under the scheme may, and in the event of

a dispute shall, be determined by the tribunal, and the decision

of the tribunal upon any such question shall be final and

conclusive.

17. In this Schedule, unless the context otherwise requires,

the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively

assigned to them, that is to say:

" Carriage-charges" means such of the charges for the time

being in force for the carriage of merchandise by railway

or light railway as may be determined by the scheme in

relation to any rebate thereby provided for:

" Coke oven" means works consisting of coko ovens wholly

or mainly engaged in the production of coke for

metallurgical purposes:

" Delivered for conveyance by railway" means delivered to

any of the companies for conveyance, whether by that

company or by some other of the companies, by

railway:

" Estimated rate relief" means in relation to any company

in any year the sum taken as being the rate relief of the company in the estimate adopted by the tribunal

for the purpose of calculating the rebates to be allowed

by the companies under the scheme in that year:

" Exported " in relation to coal, coke or patent fuel, mtans

shipped to places outside the British Islands, or us

bunkers for ships proceeding to places outside those

islands, or as bunkers for fishing vessels, and " exported

coal, coke, or patent fuel " includes coal, coke, and

patent fuel shipped coastwise before being exported:

" General moneys of the fund ’* means, as respects any year,

the revenue of the fund for that year, including any

0 2

llTH hCH.

— conf.

212

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

11th Sch.

— COHt.

balance brought forward therein, but excluding any

sums set aside in that year in accordance with the

provisions of the scheme as a contingency reserve:

" Iron or steel works" means works which consist wholly

or mainly of blast furnaces, puddling furnaces, steel

furnaces, or rolling mills, or of hammers or presses

which produce all or any of the following articles, that

is to say, forgings weighing not less than ten hundredweight, blooms, billets, and bars:

" Net revenue of the fund " means, as respects any year,

the revenue of the fund for that year (including any

balance brought forward therein, but excluding any sums

set aside in that year in accordance with the provisions

of the scheme as a contingency reserve and any sums

which may be paid to the fund by the companies to

meet a deficiency in accordance with the requirements

of sub-paragraph (g) of paragraph 13 of this Part of this Schedule), after deducting the sums directed by

sub-paragraphs (1) (a) and (b) of paragraph 6 of this

Part of tills Schedule to be paid out of the fund:

" Railway company, " " light railway company, " " light

railway, " " freight transport hereditaments lands and

heritages " and " railway transport purposes " have

the same meanings respectively as in the Rating and

Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928:

" Rate-relief, " in relation to any of the companies, means

the amount of the difference between the aggregate of the sums paid and payable by the company by way of

rates in respect of freight transport hereditaments lands

and heritages, occupied and used wholly or partly for

railway transport purposes as part of the railway or

light railway undertaking of the company, whereof the

rateable value is ascertained under the provisions of

Part V. of this Act or of any corresponding enactment

extending to Scotland, and the aggregate of the sums

which would have been so paid and payable in respect

of those hereditaments lands and heritages, if those

provisions had not been passed; and in relation to all

the companies, means the aggregate amount of the

differences aforesaid:

" Representative body of traders interested" means any

association or body of persons which satisfies the

tribunal that it represents a substantial number of

person»interested in the selected traffics:

n Selected traffics" means the traffics mentioned in Parts 1I»

III, and IV of this Schedule, but, save as respects milk,

does not include any traffics conveyed at passenger

train rates; and the selected traffics mentioned in each

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

213

of the said Parts are collectively referred to in th:s 11th Sch.

Schedule as a group of selected traffics:— co " u

"Shipped coastwise, " in relation to exported coal, coke, or

patent fuel means shipped from a place within the

British Islands to another place within those islands:

" Tribunal" means the Railway Rates Tribunal:

" Washery" means works for washing or cleaning coal:

" Year" means a period beginning on the first day of

October and ending on the next subsequent thirtieth

day of September, and the expression 11 annually "

shall be construed accordingly.

18. —(1) If the amount of any moneys provided by Parliament for the purposes of any scheme issued by the Minister of

Transport providing for the allowance by any of tho companies

of rebates in respect of selected traffics delivered between the

thirtieth day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty eight,

and the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine,

for conveyance by railway, is more than sufficient for the purposes of that scheme, the balance shall, on or before the first day

of January, nineteen hundred and thirty, or such later date as

tho Minister of Transport may allow ', be paid into the fund and

brought forward therein, and if the said amount is insufficient

for the said purpose, the Railway Clearing House shall certify

the amount of tho deficiency, and the amount of the deficiency as

so certified shall be apportioned by the Railway Clearing House

between the several companies to which that scheme applies

in such proportion as may have been agreed between those

companies or, in default of agreement, in the proportions which

the receipts of the several companies to which that scheme

applies respectively bear to the total receipts of all the said

companies, being in each case receipts in respect of the selected

traffics delivered between the dates aforesaid for conveyance

by railway; and a sum equal to the part of the deficiency so

apportioned to any company shall, on the demand of the

Railway Clearing House, be paid to them by that company.

(2) Any sum recoverable by the Railway Clearing House as

a debt due to any fund established for the purposes of such a

scheme as is mentioned in the last foregoing sub-paragraph but

not recovered before the accounts of that fund are closed, shall

be recoverable by the Railway Clearing House as a debt due to

the fund established under this Schedule.

19. In any proceedings under the Railways Act, 1921,

all payments by any of the companies to the fund in accordance

with the provisions of this Schedule shall be treated as payments

of rates and the tribunal shall not take into account any

rebates allowable under the scheme or under any arrangements

in operation at the passing of this Act having as their object tin *

allowance of rebates from charges in respect of the selected traffics

214

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

11th Sch.

— cant.

20. In making any assessment or valuation for rating purposes by reference to the accounts, receipts, or profits of the

undertaking carried on by any of the companies, all payments by

the company to the fund in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule shall be treated as payments of rates.

21. Where rates are payable by any of the companies in

respect of the occupation of any part of a freight transport

hereditament let out by the company to a tenant but not so

as to be capable of separate assessment, then, for the purposes

of computing any sum payable by the tenant to the company

under any contract made before the commencement of this Act in respect of the rates so paid, payments to the fund by the

company in accordance with the provisions of this Schedule

in respect of that part of the hereditament shall be treated as

payments of rates.

Part II.

Agricultural Selected Traffics.

Manure, street, stable or farmyard, in bulk *)

Manures, other than street, stable or farm- fused in Great

yard, in bulk - - -J Britain.

Lime, limestone, chalk, basic slag, and salt ]

for use as manure.I

Any other substance for use direct as L used in Great

manure, or any manure substance to be mixed Britain,

and used as manure, when packed and so consigned ----

Grain, ground or flaked -

Oil cake, whole, broken, or ground

Meals or husks, in cases, casks, or sacks

Foods consisting of meals, with spice,

molasses, or condiment ----

Milling offals, included in the grain list in the

Classification of Merchandise for conveyance by

railway - -- -- -- -

Treacle delivered direct to farmers

Ensilage - - - >

Hay ----

Hay or straw, chopped -

Provender, consisting of chopped hay or

straw, mixed with articles included in the grain

list in the Glassification of Merchandise for \

conveyance by railway - - -I

Beetroot pulp (residue from Bugar making) -

Carrots, mangel wurzel, or turnips, in bulk-

Grains, brewers’ or distillers’ (or draff)

used in Great

Britain for

livestock or

poultry feeding.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

215

Potatoes, except new potatoes as defined in the Classification

of Merchandise for conveyance by railway.

Milk (including separated milk but not condensed or dried

milk).

Live stock.

Part III.

Coal, Coke and Patent Fuel Selected Traffics.

Exported coal, coke, or patent fuel.

(\ >al, coke, or patent fuel delivered to and used in iron or steel

works.

Such coal delivered to patent fuel works a3 is used for the

manufacture of exported patent fuel.

Such coal delivered to a washery as is washed or cleaned

thereat before being exported or delivered to and used in iron

or steel works.

Such coal delivered to a coke oven (situate elsewhere than at

an iron or steel works) as is used for the manufacture of coke which

is exported or delivered to and used in iron or steel works.

Part IV.

Ollier Selected Traffics.

Timber, iron, or steel, for propping or shoring purpos w

delivered to a mine.

Ores in Classes 1 and 2

of the Classification of

Merchandise for conveyance by railway

Cinders, containing

iron -

Hammer scale -

Mill cinder or tap

Mill scale -

Pyrites, iron in Class 1

of the Classification of

Merchandise for conveyance by railway

Lime and limestone in

bulk -

>delivere 1 to iron or steelworks.

11th Sch.

— coot.

21G

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

Section 137.

TWELFTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Part I. —Repeals consequential on Part I.

of this Act.

Session

and Short Title.

Chapter.

Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Will. 4, !

C. 86.

The Births and Deaths

Registration Act,

1830.

7 Will. 4 and The Births and Deaths

1 Vict. c. 22. Registration Act,

1837.

7 ft S Vict. The Poor Law Amend-

c 101. ment Act, 1844.

In section seven the words from

" the clerk to the guardians "

to " in that capacity ";

In section eight the words from

" in every case in which the

clerk " to " in such union

parish or place and " and from

" except as hereinbefore " to

the end of the section;

In section nine the words "of

" the union, or parish, or

" place having a board of

" guardians as aforesaid ";

Section twenty-nine from " and

in the case " to the end of the

section.

In section ten the words from

" any two or more unions " to

" last aforesaid or " and the

words " of the union, parish or

" place for which such board

" is established ";

In section eleven the words

" any union, parish, or place

or, " the words "clerk to the

guardians or other " and the

words " of the whole union,

parish, or place ";

In section fourteen the words

from " the clerk to any such

board " to " superintendent

registrar and "; and the words

" in any such union, parish or

place ";

Sections seventeen and nineteen.

S/ction fifty-six so far as un-

repealed;

In section sixty-one the words

from " and wherever any

parish" to "any other persons."

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

217

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

12th Sch.

— cont.

8 & 9 Vict.

c. 117.

20 Vict. c. 19

24 & 25 Vict,

c. 97.

The Poor Removal Act,

1845.

The Extra - Parochial

Places Act, 1857.

The Malicious Damage

Act, 1861.

25 & 26 Vict,

c. 103.

The Union Assessment

Committee Act, 1862.

30 & 31 Vict,

c. 6.

30 & 31 Vict,

c. 84.

30 & 31 Vict,

c. 106.

The Metropolitan Poor

Act, 1867.

The Vaccination Act,

1867.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 122.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 63.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 67.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868.

The Metropolitan Poor

Amendment Act,

1869.

The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

37 & 38 Vict. The Births and Deaths

c. 88. Registration Act,

1874.

38 & 39 Vict.I The Public Health Act,

c. 55. I 1875.

Section five.

Sections five and eight.

In sections five, eleven and

thirty-nine the words "poor

law union."

Sections two, four, seven, ten and

twelve so far as unrepealed, and

in section nine, the words from

" the whole number present, "

to " such committee consists."

Section twenty-four so far as

unrepealed.

In section eleven the words "of

his union or parish."

In section twenty-three the

words " wholly or partly com-

" prised within a union " and

the words "where the union

" and the borough are not

" conterminous, " and the

words " of the said union."

Section five.

Sections eight, twenty-four and

twenty-five.

Section five.

In section forty-five, in paragraph (3) the words from " and

to the qualification " to " Act,

1867."

In section fifty the words "and

" upon such precept of the

" Poor Law Board " and from

" and the Poor Law Board " to

the end of the section.

Section fifty-nine.

Section twenty-two.

Section thirty-three from the

beginning of the section to

" section nine of the principal

Act."

Section thirty-four.

In section one hundred and

ninety the words "There may

" be awarded," to the end of the section.

218

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

12th Hch.

— cont.

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

31) & 40 Vict,

e. 61.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 06.

47 & 48 Vict,

c. 70.

62 & 53 Vict,

c. 72.

53 & 54Viet,

c. 5.

G4 & SoVict.

c. 65.

54 & 55 Vict,

e. 70.

The Divided Parishes

and Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1876.

The Local Taxation

Returns Act, 1877.

Tiie Municipal Elections (Corrupt and

Illegal Practices)

Act, 1884.

The Infectious Disease

(Notification) Act,

1889.

The Lunacy Act, 1890

The Lunacy Act, 1891

The Public Health

(London) Act, 1891.

Section twenty-one so far as

unrepealed.

In section forty-two the proviso.

In section three the word

" guardians."

In subsection (1) of section

thirty-six, in proviso (b) the

words from " and in relation

to " to " in the union " and

proviso (e).

Schedule I. so far as it applies

to guardians

In section eleven the words "or

" as guardian of a union."

In section sixty-four the words

" any union within " and " to

" such county or."

In section sixty-five, in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) the

words " some parish of."

Section sixty-eight.

In section eighty, in subsection (2) the words "if the

" lunatic is chargeable to a

" county or borough."

Section two hundred and ninety.

In section three hundred and

three the words from " or in

which " to " has been confined

" is situate."

In section eleven the words from

" or if the lunatic " to

" licensed house."

Section twenty-five.

In section fifty-five, subsection

(4) from " The Managers shall

send " to the end of the subsection.

In section fifty-seven, in subsection (1) the words "or as guar-

" dian of a poor law union."

In section eighty, subsections (2)

and (3).

Section eighty-one.

In section eighty-six, in the proviso the words "any as\ lum

" under the Metropolitan Poor

" Act, 1867, or."

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

219

Session

and

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

Chapter.

12th Sch.

— ccmt.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 76—

cent.

The Public Health

(London) Act, 1891

— cont.

56 & 57 Vict. The Local Government

c. 73. Act, 1894.

59 & 60 Vict. The Poor Law Officers ’

o. 50. Superannuation Act,

1896.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 28.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 54.

62 & 63 Vict. '

c. 14.

The Poor Law Officers ’

Superannuation Act

Amendment Act, 1897

The Public Works

Loans Act, 1898.

The London Government Act, 1899.

1 Edw. 7.

c. 26.

5 Edw. 7.

c. 18.

8 Edw. 7.

o. 67.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 28.

The Births and Deaths

registration Act,

1901.

The Unemployed

Workmen Act, 1905.

The Children Act, 1908

The Mental Deficiency

Act, 1913.

In section eighty-seven the

words from " by the receiver "

to " issued, " and from " and

the said Board " to the end of the section.

Sections one hundred and four

and one hundred and thirty-

one.

In section twenty-four, subsection (2) and subsection (4)

from " and any person " to the

end of the subsection.

In section thirty-six, subsections

(6) and (9) subsection (10) from

" and any board of guardians "

to the end of the subsection,

and in subsection (11) the

words from " or the alteration " to " two or more counties."

The whole Act except so far as

by virtue of this Act it continues to apply to any transferred officers, and except so far

as it applies to officers to whom

it applies by virtue of some

other enactment, and except

section fifteen thereof.

The whole Act.

Section three.

In section eleven, in subsection

(2) the words from " other than

a precept " to " elected by

the guardians."

Section thirteen.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

In section one hundred and

eight, subsection (12).

In section thirty, proviso (ii)

from "nor shall local authorities " to the end of that

proviso.

220

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

12th Sch.

— cont.

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

e. 12.

The Local Government

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

Section seven.

11 & 12

Geo. o.

c. 67.

The Local Authorities

(Financial Provisions) Act, 1921.

Section one.

In section two, subsection (2).

In section three, subsection (4).

12 & 13

Geo. 5.

c. 14.

The Audit (Local

Authorities, etc.)

Act, 1922.

In section one, subsection (2).

12 & 13

Geo. 5.

c. 59.

The Local Government

and other Officers ’

Superannuation Act,

1922.

Section twenty-seven.

13 & 14

Geo. 5.

c. 6.

The Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923.

Section one.

15 & 16

Geo. 5.

c. 90.

The Rating and Valuation Act, 1925.

In section nine, in subsection (2)

the words "guardians in re-

" spect of any period begin-

" ning on or after the ap-

" pointed day and by " and

in paragraph (d) of that subsection the words "and boards

of guardians " and the words

" and board of guardians."

In section ten, in subsection (2)

the words "or a board of

guardians " and " or union."

In section sixteen, in subsection

(2) the words from " and with "

to " county, " in subsection (4)

the words "and the boards of

" guardians of the poor law

" unions, " and in subsections

(7) and (8) the words "and

boards of guardians."

In section seventeen, in subsection (4) the words "boards of

guardians."

In section twenty, in subsection

(1) the words from " of a

manager " to " asylum district

or."

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

221

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

' & 18

The Poor Law Act,

In section two, subsections (2)

Geo. 5.

1927.

and (3).

c. 14.

Sections three to five.

Section six except so far as it is

applied by any other enactment.

Section seven.

Sections nine and ten except so

far as they are applied by any

other enactment.

Sections eleven to thirteen.

Sections fourteen to sixteen

except so far as they are

applied by any other enactment.

Sections seventeen to twenty-

six.

Section twenty-seven, except so

far as it is applied by any

other enactment.

Section twenty-eight.

Section thirty-three.

In sections thirty-five and thirty-

six the words "in a parish "

wherever they occur.

In section thirty-seven the words

" comprising the parish "

wherever they occur.

Section eighty-three.

In section one hundred and two

the words "any parish of."

In section one hundred and

eight, in subsection (I) the

words " comprising his parish."

In section one hundred and

nineteen, in subsection (I) the

words " parish of " and the

word " comprised."

In section one hundred and

twenty the words "in a

parish."

In section one hundred and

twenty-one the words "parish

of " and " situated."

Sections one hundred and

thirty-three to one hundred

and forty-four.

Section one hundred and forty-

six.

12th Sch.

— cunt.

222

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

12th Sch.

— cont.

Sections one hundred and forty-

nine to one hundred and fifty-

three.

In section one hundred and

fifty-four, subsection (1).

Section one hundred and fifty-

six.

In section one hundred and

fifty-seven, subsection (5) from

" and in the case " to the end

of the subsection.

Section one hundred and fifty-

nine.

In section one hundred and

sixty, subsections (1), (2) and (4).

Section one hundred and sixty-

one.

Sections one hundred and sixty-

three and one hundred and

sixty-four.

Sections one hundred and sixty-

six to one hundred and sixty-

nine.

In section one hundred and

seventy, subsection (2) from

" and thenceforth " to the end

of the subsection.

In section one hundred and

seventy-one, in subsection (5)

the words "and the appoint-

" ment of chaplains in a

" district school " and subsection (6).

Sections one hundred and

seventy-five to one hundred

and eighty-two.

Section one hundred and eighty-

five.

In section one hundred and

eighty-seven, in subsection (1)

the words "dispensary com-

" mittee or where a dispensary

" committee has not been

" established the " and subsection (3).

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18

Geo. 5.

c.

continued.

The Poor Law Act,

1927— continued.

Section one hundred and forty-

eight from " and may in the

case " to the end of the

section.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

223

Session

and

Chapter.

17 & 18

Geo. 5.

c. 14—

continued.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

The Poor Law Act, In section one hundred and

1927—continued. ninety the proviso to subsection (1) and subsection (5).

Section one hundred and ninety-

one.

Sections one hundred and

ninety-three to two hundred

and six.

Section two hundred and seven

from " or poor law union so

" long as " to the end of the

section.

Section two hundred and eight.

In section two hundred and nine

the words "and a board of

" management of a school

" district or an asylum board."

In section two hundred and

twelve, paragraph (d) of subsection (1) and subsections (2)

and (3).

In section two hundred and fourteen, in subsection (1) the words

" (other than an order for the

" formation of two or more

" poor law unions into a

" district)."

Section two hundred and twenty.

In section two hundred and

twenty-three, in paragraph (a)

of subsection (5) the words

from " and in the latter case "

to " the account of the parish."

Subsection (2) of section two

hundred and twenty-five.

12th Si'h.

— cunt.

In section two hundred and

twenty-six, subsection (3).

In section two hundred and

twenty-eight the words "or

" other person employed by

" or under the authority of."

In section two hundred and

thirty-six, subsection (2) from

" and in the case of " to the

end of the subsection.

I

224

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5

12th Sot.

— cont.

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18

The Poor Law Act,

Sections two hundred and thirty-

Geo. 5.

1927 —con tinned.

seven to two hundred and

c. 14—

forty.

continued.

1

The first, second, third and

fourth schedules, and the

seventh, eighth and ninth

schedules.

18 & 19

The Local Authorities

Section two.

Geo. 5.

(Emergency Provi-

c. 9.

sions) Act, 1928.

Part II. —Repeals consequential on

Part II. of this Act.

i

21 & 22 Vict.

i

The Births and Deaths 1

Section four.

c. 25.

Registration Act,

1858.

37 & 38 Vict.

The Births and Deaths

Section six.

c. 88.

Registration Act,

1874.

Part III. —Repeals consequential on

Part III. of this Act.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 77.

51 & 52 Vict, j

c. 41.

The Highways and

Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878.

The Local Government

Act, 1888.

51 & 55 Vict. The Highways and

c. 63. Bridges Act, 1891.

5 6 & 57 Vict. The Local Government

c. 73. Act, 1894.

In section sixteen, the words

" in pursuance of this Act "

Section twenty.

In section eleven, subsections (2),

(3), (4), (5), (6) and (8) and

in subsection (9) the words

from " as to the refusal of the

county council " to in respect

" of any undertaking or road,

" or, " and from " or as to any

notice " to " in proper repair

and condition."

Section four from " but no such

order " to the end of the section.

In section twenty-five, in subsection (1) the words "and of

" any highway authority in

" the district, " and from " and

highway authority" to the

end of the subsection, and

subsection (4).

In section twenty-nine provisos

(a), (c)and (d).

1929

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17

225

Part IV. —Repeals consequential on

Part TV. of this Act.

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

i

38 & 39 Vict.

The Public Health Act,

In section two hundred and

c. 55.

1875.

twenty-nine the words from

" Where the rural authority "

to " binding and conclusive

on all parties concerned."

As respects district councils,

sections two hundred and

ninety-nine to three hundred

and two.

45 & 40 Vict.

The Municipal Cor-

Section two hundred and thirty-

c. 50.

porations Act, 1882.

six.

56 & 57 Vict.

The Local Govern-

In section sixteen, subsection

e. 73.

meat Act, 1S94.

(2).

Part V. —Repeals consequential on Part V.

of this Act.

32 & 33 Vict.

c. 67.

The Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

In section forty-five, in paragraph (3) the words "to the

qualification of a juror, " and

the words from " And in con-

" 8truing the Metropolitan

" Police Act, 1829, " to the

words " in force."

37 & 38VIct.

c. 54.

The Rating Act, 1874

As respects agricultural land,

paragraph (1) of section three,

and sections four and five.

38 & 39 Vict.

c. 55.

The Public Health

Act, 1875.

In section two hundred and

thirty-four, paragraphs (2) and

(3).

51 & 52 Vict.

c. 41.

The Local Government Act, 1888.

In section sixty-nine, subsection

(2)-

53 & 54 Vict.

c. 45.

The Police Act, 1890 -

Section twenty-seven.

56 & 57 Vict.

c. 73.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 44.

The Local Government Act, 1894.

The Small Dwellings

Acquisition Act,

1899.

P

In section twelve, subsection (1)

from " and except " to the end

of the subsection.

In section nine, subsection (6).

12th Soh.

— cont.

226

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

1*TH SCH,

— cont. Sewsiun

and !s!mrt Title. Extent of Repeal.

Chapter.

8 Edw. 7. The Small Holdings In section fifty-two, the proviso

c. 36. and Allotments Act, to subsection (1).

1908. In section fifty-three, paragraph

(b) of subsection (4) from " but

the money so borrowed " to

the end of the paragraph.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. The Mental Deficiency In section thirty-three, sub-

c. 28. Act, 1913. section (3).

9 & 10 Geo. The Public Libraries In section one, in the proviso to

5. e. 93. Ant, 1919. subsection (3) the words from

" money borrowed for the

" purposes of those Acts " to

" Local Government Act,

" 1888, and that ".

10 & 11 The Blind Persons Act, In section two, subsection (3)

Geo. 5. 1920. from " and money ’’ to the

c. 49 end of the subsection.

11 & 12 The Education Act, In section one hundred and

Geo. 5. 1921. thirty-two, subsection (2).

o.61.

16 & 16 The Bating and In section three, in subsection (2)

Geo. 6. Valuation Act, 1926. the words "of any woodlands

c. 90. or, " and the word "wood-

" lands " where that word

secondly occurs.

In section eleven, in the proviso

to subsection (1) the words

" the rent of which becomes

" payable or is collected at

" quarterly or any longer

" intervals or ".

In section twenty, in subsection (1) the words "or under

" the enactments relating to

" the qualification/’ and the

words " save as hereinafter

1 mentioned of a juror/’ and

the proviso.

In section twenty-two, in subsection (2) the words from

" any deduction " where those

words first occur to " as aforesaid ".

In section sixty-eight, in subsection (1) the definitions of

" agricultural land " and

i " woodlands ".

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17

227

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16

The Rating and Valua-

In the Second Schedule, in

Geo. 5.

tion Act, 1925— cont.

Part I paragraph (8) and in

c. 90—

Part II paragraphs (1) and (2)

cont.

and the words "and any woodlands."

Part VI. —Repeals consequential on Pap.t VI.

of this Act.

19 & 20 Vict. The County and Section sixteen,

c. 69. Borough Police Act,

1850.

51 & 52 Vict. The Local Government In section nineteen, subsection

c. 41. 4 Act, 1888. (1) from "and if a medical

officer " to the end of the

subsection.

In section twenty, subsections

(1) and (2).

Sections twenty-one to twenty-

seven.

Section thirty-two so far as

it relates to the discontinued

grants.

In section thirty-four, in subsection (1) the words from

" in particular shall " to

"applicable and, " and from

" including those " to " police

of the county " and paragraphs (d)and (e) of that subsection.

In section forty-one, subsection

(2) from " and the common

council " to the end of the

subsection.

Sections forty-three and ninety -

four.

53 & 54 Vict. The Customs and In- Section seven, except so far as

c. 8. land Revenue Act, it relates to Scotland.

1890.

53 & 54 Vict. The Local Taxation The whole Act, except so far as

c. 60. (Customs and Ex- it relates to Scotland,

else) Act, 1890.

12th

—CO

3 m

228

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929.

19 Geo. 5.

12th Sch.

— cont.

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

54 & 55 Vict.

The Public Health

In section one hundred and

c. 76.

(London) Act, 1891.

eight, subsection (1) from

" and one-half " to the end of the subsection.

57 & 58 Vict.

The Finance Act,

Section nineteen, except so far as

c. 30.

1894.

it relates to Scotland.

57 & 58 Vict,

o. 53.

The London (Equalization of Rates) Act,

1894.

The whole Act.

57 & 58 Vict.

The Diseases of AniAs respects Great Britain, in

c. 57.

mals Act, 1S94.

section eighteen, in subsection

(1) the words "(not exceeding

" one hundred and forty

" thousand pounds in any one

" year) " and the proviso and

subsection (2), and in the

Second Schedule, paragraphs 3

to 6.

53 & 60 Vict,

c. 16.

The Agricultural Rates

Act, 1896.

The whole Act.

62 & 63 Vict.

The London GovernIn section eleven, in paragraph

c. 14.

ment Act, 1899.

(f) of subsection (3) the words

" section two of the London

" (Equalization of Rates) Act,

" 1894, or, " and the word

" other."

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 17.

The Tithe Rentcharge

(Rates) Act, 1899.

The whole Act.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

The Finance Act, 1907

Section seventeen and the

Second Schedule, except so

far as they relate to Scotland.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 16.

The Finance Act, 1908

In section six, subsection (3).

10 Edw. 7.

The Finance (1909-10)

In section forty-seven, subsecc. 8.

Act, 1910.

tion (2).

In section eighty-eight, subsection (1) except so far as it

relates to Scotland.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

o. 2.

The Revenue Act, 1911

Section seventeen, except so far

as it relates to Scotland.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

The Metropolitan

The whole Act so far as un-

c. 4.

Police Act, 1912.

ropealed.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

The Mental Deficiency

In section thirty, proviso (i).

c. 28.

Act, 1913.

Sections forty-seven and forty-

eight.

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

229

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

6&7 Geo. 5.

The Local Government

Section nine and subsection (3)

c. 12.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

of section thirteen.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 31.

The Police, Factories,

&c. (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1916.

Section four.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 55.

The Local Government

Emergency Provisions (No. 2) Act,

1916.

The whole Act.

9 & 10 Geo.5.

The Police Act, 1919 -

Section eight.

c. 46.

10 & 11

Geo. 5.

e. 72.

The Roads Act, 1920 -

In section two, except so far

as they relate to Scotland, subsection (2) and in subsection

(3) the words "balance of the " and the words "after

" deducting the sums to be

" paid to the local taxation

" accounts under this section."

11 & 12

The Public Health

In section one, subsection (2)

Geo. 5.

(Tuberculosis) Act,

from " This subsection shall

c. 12.

1921.

not" to the end of the subsection.

11 & 12

The Public Health

In sections one and two the

Geo. 5.

c. 23.

(Officers) Act, 1921.

words " and charged to the

" Exchequer contribution ac-

" count."

Section six.

11 & 12

The Police Pensions

In section twenty-two, subsecGeo. 5.

c. 31.

Act, 1921.

tion (3) except - so far as it

relates to Scotland, in subsection (4) the words from

" and for the purjtose " to

police fund, " and subsection

(5) except so far as it relates to

Scotland.

11 & 12

The Finance Act, 1921

Section sixty-two.

Geo. 6.

c. 32.

11 & 12

The Education Act,

In section seventy, in subse< tion

Geo. 5.

c. 51.

1921.

(1) the words from "shall apply all" to "unexpended and, "

and the word "further."

12th Soh.

— cvnt.

230

Ch. 17.

Local Government Act, 1929,

19 Geo. 5.

12th Soh.

— cont.

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

13 & 14

The Agricultural Rates

The whole Act, except so ft* as

Geo. 5.

c. 39.

Act, 1923.

it relates to Scotland.

14 & 15

The Diseases of Animals

As respects Great Britain, the

Geo.5. c.3.

Act, 1924.

whole Act.

14 & 15

The National Health

In section one hundred and

Geo. 5.

c. 38.

Insurance Act, 1924.

seven, subsection (6), except

so far as it relates to Scotland.

15 & 16

The Agricultural Rates

The whole Act, except so far

Geo. 5.

e. 10.

(Additional Grant)

Continuance Act,

1925.

as it relates to Scotland.

16 & 16

Geo. 5.

c. 87.

The Tithe Act, 1925 -

In section seven, subsection (3).

15 & 18

The Rating and Valu-

In section sixty-nine, paragraph

Geo. 5.

c. 90.

ation Act, 1925.

(6) of subsection (2).

17 & 18

The Mental Deficiency

In section seven, paragraph (ii)

Geo. 5.

c. 33.

Act, 1927.

of subsection (2).

Part VII. —Repeals consequential on

Part VII. of this Act.

4 & 5 Will. 4.

The Poor Law Amend-

c. 76.

5 & 6 Will. 4.

c. 69.

4 & 6 Vict,

c. 38.

ment Act, 1834.

The Union and Parish

Property Act, 1835.

The School Sites Act,

1841.

5

& 6 Vict,

c. 18.

7 & 8 Vict.

c. 101.

9 & 10 \ ict.

c. 74.

The Parish Property

and Parish Debts

Act, 1842.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844.

The Baths and Washhouses Act, 1846.

Section forty.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

In section six, in the second

proviso the words from " a

majority " to " and without

the consent of " and from

" and of the guardians " to

" convey the same."

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

Sections fourteen to sixteen.

In section twenty-four the

words " the guardians of the

" poor of the parish (if any)

" and of " and the words

" such guardians or in."

1929.

Local Government Act, 1929.

Ch. 17.

231

Session

and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Vict,

e. 85.

The Burial Act, 1852 -

In section twenty-nine the words

" the guardians of the poor of

" the parish (if any) and of "

and the words "such guardians

" or in."

17 & 18 Vict,

c. 112.

The Literary and Scientific Institutions Act,

1854.

In section six, in the second proviso the words from " a majority " to " and without the

consent of " and from " and

of the guardians " to " convey

the same."

30 & 31 Vict,

c. 106.

The Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867.

Sections seven, eight and eleven.

39 & 40 Vict,

o. 61.

The Divided Parishes

and Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1876.

Section thirty-nine.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 21.

The Places of Worship

Sites Amendment

Act, 1882.

In section one, in proviso (c) the

words from " a majority " to

" 1835 and of " and from " and

of the guardians " to " the conveyance."

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 56.

The Poor Law Act,

1889.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

55 & 56 Vict,

o. 53.

The Public Libraries

Act, 1892.

In section thirteen, in paragraph

(6) of subsection (2) the words

from " save by the " to " belongs or ".

56 & 57 Vict,

o. 73.

The Local Government

Act, 1894.

In section six, paragraph (d) of

subsection (1).

In section fifty-two, subsection

(1).

15 & 16

Geo. 5.

c. 69.

The Teachers’ (Superannuation) Act, 1925.

In proviso (a) to subsection (1)

of section two the words " the

" Poor Law Officers Super-

" annuation Act, 1896, or

12th Son.

—oont

232 Ch. 18. Unemployment Insurance 19 Geo. 5.

(Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1929.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to confirm and give effect to an agreement

made between the Treasury and the Ministry of

Finance for Northern Ireland for continuing

the agreement set forth in the Unemployment

Insurance (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act,

1920.

[27th March 1929.]

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 4

7II ERE AS provision was made by the Unemployment

\ V Insurance (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act,

1926, for confirming and giving effect to an agreement (in

this Act referred to as " the principal agreement ") made

between the Treasury and the Ministry of Finance for

Northern Ireland with a view to assimilating the burdens

on the Exchequer of the United Kingdom and the

Exchequer of Northern Ireland per head of populations

in respect of unemployment insurance:

And whereas the principal agreement under the

provisions of Article 9 thereof is to continue in force only

until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

thirty, and no longer:

And whereas the Treasury and the Ministry of

Finance for Northern Ireland, with a view to continuing

the principal agreement after the date aforesaid, have

entered into the agreement set forth in the Schedule to

this Act (in this Act referred to as " the supplemental

agreement "):

And whereas it is expedient that the supplemental

agreement should be confirmed, and that provision should

be made for the payment of such sums as may be payable

out of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom under the

principal agreement as continued by the supplemental

agreement:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Confirmation of

scheduled

agreement

1.—(1) The supplemental agreement set forth in the

Schedule to this Act is hereby confirmed and shall have

effect as if enacted in this Act.

1929.

Unemployment Insurance Ch. 18.

(Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1929.

233

(2) Any sums certified by the Joint Exchequer

Board to be payable after the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and thirty, under the principal agreement as continued by the supplemental agreement, from

the Exchequer of the United Kingdom to the Exchequer

of Northern Ireland shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the

growing produce thereof.

2.-—(1) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment

Insurance (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1929.

(2) This Act shall not come into operation unless

and until His Majesty by Order in Council declares that a

corresponding Act has been passed by the Parliament of

Northern Ireland and shall cease to be in force if and

when His Majesty by Order in Council declares that the

corresponding Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland

has ceased to be in force.

SCHEDULE.

AGREEMENT made between the Treasury and the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland

for continuing the Agreement confirmed by the

Unemployment Insurance (Northern Ireland

Agreement) Act, 1926, and the Unemployment

Insurance (Agreement) Act (Northern Ireland),

1926.

WHEREAS on the tenth day of February, nineteen hundred

and twenty-six, an agreement (hereinafter referred to as " the

principal agreement ") was made between the Treasury and the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland (hereinafter referred

to as " the Ministry of Finance ") with a view to assimilating

the burdens on the Exchequer of the United Kingdom and the

Exchequer of Northern Ireland per head of populations in respect

of unemployment insurance:

And whereas the principal agreement was confirmed by the

Unemployment Insurance (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act,

1920, being an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom,

and by the Unemployment Insurance (Agreement) Act (Northern

Short title,

commencement and

duration.

Section 1.

234

Ch. 18, 19. Unemployment Insurance 19 Geo. 5.

(Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1929.

Ireland), 1026, being an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland,

and is set forth in the Schedules to those Acts:

And whereas the principal agreement under the provisions

of Article 9 thereof is to continue in force only until the tliiity-

first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty, and no longer,

and the Treasury and the Ministry of Finance are desirous that

the principal agreement should continue in force after that date:

Now, therefore, the Treasury and the Ministry of Finance

have entered into the following supplemental agreement:—

1. The principal agreement shall continue in force after the

said thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty.

2. The Government of Northern Ireland will, on the thirty-

first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, write olf

the sum of £424, 434 from the liabilities now amounting to

£3, 424, 434 shown on the suspense account created under section

four of the said Unemployment Insurance (Agreement) Act

(Northern Ireland), 1926, and on each succeeding thirty-first

day of March will write off a further sum of £100,000 from those

liabilities until the whole of the excess debt as defined in the said

section is extinguished.

3. This agreement shall not come into force until confirmed

by Acts of tho Parliaments of the United Kingdom and Northern

Ireland.

(Signed) H. M. Pollock.

14 December 1928.

(Signed) Winston S. Churchill.

F. George Penny.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to amend subsection (2) of section fourteen

of the Unemplo} T ment Insurance Act, 1927, by

extending to twenty-four months the period

of twelve months therein mentioned.

[27th March 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

235

1929. I'nemploi/me.nt t nan ranee Ch. 19, 20.

(L r, i nsitional Proa isims Amendment) Act, 1929.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927 (which provides that

an insured contributor who proves certain matters

within a period of twelve months from the commencement of that Act shall be treated as if he had proved

that the first statutory condition was fulfilled in his

case and shall continue to be so treated throughout any

benefit year which is current in or commences within

the said period) shall have effect as if the words "twenty-

four months " were substituted for the words "tw(lve

months " in both places where those words occur in the

said subsection.

2. This Act may be cited as the Unemployment

Insurance (Transitional Provisions Amendment) Act,

1929, and the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920

to 1928, and this Act may be cited together as the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1929.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the

Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air

Force.

[25th April 1929.]

I WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army

\ \ within the United Kingdom in time of peace,

unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against

law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty

and this present Parliament that a body of land forces

should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom

and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s

Grown, and that the whole number of such forces should

consist of one hundred and fifty thousand five hundred

including those to be employed at the depots in the

United Kingdom for the training of recruits for service

at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers

actually serving within His Majesty’s Indian possessions

(other than Aden):

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act,

1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the

Amendment

of s. 14 (2)

of 17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 30.

Short title.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 51.

236 Ch. 20. Army and Air Force. (Annual) 19 Geo. 6.

Act, 1929.

air force, and it is judged necessary that the whole

number of such force should consist of thirty-two

thousand, including those employed as aforesaid, but

exclusive of the numbers serving as aforesaid:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the

safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the

possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine

forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and

naval service, under the direction of the Lord High

Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners

for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently

be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on

board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels,

or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other

circumstances in which they will not be subject to the

laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s forces

by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or

limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of

punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any

other manner than by the judgment of his peers and

according to the known and established laws of this

realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the

retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other

persons subject to military law or to the Air Force

Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed

and that persons belonging to the said forces who

mutiny, or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service,

or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of

good order and military or air force discipline, be brought

to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the

usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act

will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and

twenty-nine on the following days :—

(a) In Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel Islands,

and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of

April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, on the thirty-first day of

July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

1929. Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 20. 237

Act, 1929.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force short title

(Annual) Act, 1929.

2. —(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall Army Act

be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter and Air

mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Force

Parliament (that is to say):— cfc 1, 6 in

(a) Within Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel specified

Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth times,

day of April, one thousand nine hundred and

twenty-nine, to the thirtieth day of April, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty, both

inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day

of July, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-

nine, to the thirty-first day of July, one

thousand nine hundred and thirty, both

inclusive.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, w T hile in

force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to

the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within or

without His Majesty’s dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air

Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or Air Force Act by reason only that the

number of the forces for the time being in the service of

His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either

greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling Prices in

house for the accommodation provided by him in respect of

pursuance of the Army Act or the Air Force Act the billeting,

prices specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

Amendments of Army and Ant Force Acts.

4. In the sections of the Army Act specified in the Amend-

first column of the Second Schedule to this Act there ments of

shall be made the amendments shown in the second Part H. of

column of that Schedule, being amendments conse- ct ‘

quential on or supplemental to the proviso which was

inserted in section seventy-six of the Army Act by the

238

Ch. 20.

12 Geo. 5.

c. 6.

Amendment

of s. 145.

Army and Air Force (Annual) 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1922, and which

relates to the date as from which the period of twelve

years referred to in the said section is to be reckoned

in the case of boys enlisted before attaining the age of

eighteen years.

5.—(1) Section one hundred and forty-five of the

Army Act (which relates to the liability of a soldier

to maintain wife and children) shall be amended as

follows:—

(a) in subsection (2), for the words from " the

Army Council or officer shall " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the

following words:" the Army Council or officer

" shall order to be deducted from the pay of

" the soldier and to be appropriated in liquida-

" tion of the sum adjudged to be paid by such

" order or decree (including any sum paid on

" account thereof in accordance with the pro-

" visions of subsection (3) of this section), or

" towards the maintenance of the wife or children

" of the soldier, as the case may be, in manner

" directed by the order, such portion of the

" soldier’s pay as the Army Council or officer

" in their or his discretion from time to time

" think or thinks fit, but so that there

" shall be left to the soldier (subject, however,

" to the making of any other deduction autlio-

" rised by or under this Act) not less than one

" fourth, or, if he is a warrant officer or a non-

" commissioned officer not below the rank of

" sergeant, not less than one-third, of his pay."

(b) in subsection (3) for the words from " may be

" recovered " to the end of the subsection

there shall be substituted the words "the

" recovery thereof shall be a purpose to which

" deductions from pay ordered to be made

" under subsection (2) of this section may be

" directed by the order to be appropriated."

(2) An order authorising deductions from pay made

before the coming into operation of this section under

section one hundred and forty-five of the Army Act may,

after the coming into operation of this section, be varied

by an order made under the said section one hundred and

forty-five as amended by subsection (1) of this section.

1929.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 20.

239

6. References in the two last foregoing sections of Application

this Act to the Army Act shall be deemed to include toAirForce.

references to the Air Force Act, and the provisions of

those sections (including the Second Schedule to this Act), except any provision relating to section eighty-

three or section'eighty-five of the Army Act, shall apply

to the Air Force Act, subject to any of the general

modifications set out in Part I of the Second Schedule to

the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, which apply, and

subject also to the modification that the words "an

" order made under, " wherever occurring in the said

schedule, shall in the case of the Air Force Act be

omitted.

SCHEDULES.

Section 3.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier

where meals furnished.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the

Second Schedule to the Army Act.

Dinner as so specified -

Supper as so specified -

Where no meals furnished, lodging and

attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt,

and the use of fire, and the necessary

utensils for dressing and eating his

meat.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats,

twelve pounds of hay, and eight

pounds of straw a day for each

horse.

Stable room without forage -

Lodging and attendance for officer -

Tenpence a night for

the first soldier

and eightpence a

night for each additional soldier.

Sevenpence each.

Tenpence.

Fourpence.

Tenpence a night for

the first soldier

and eightpence a

night for each additional soldier.

Two shillings and

threepence a day.

Sixpence a day.

Three shillings a

night.

Note .—An officer shall pay for his food.

In the application of this Schedule to the Air Force references

to Air Force Act and airman shall be substituted for references

to Army Act and soldier.

240

Ch. 20.

Section 4.

Army and Air Force, (Annual) 19 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Sections to be

amended. How to be amended.

S. 78

S. 79

S. 83

S. 8-1

S. 85

In subsection (2), after the words "twelve

" years in the whole " there shall be inserted

the words "reckoned, in the case of a soldier

" to whom an order made under the proviso

" to section seventy-six of this Act applies,

" from the day on which he attained the

" age of eighteen years and, in the case

" of any other soldier, "

In paragraph (1), after the word "reckon "

there shall be inserted the words "in the

" case of a soldier to whom an order made

" under the proviso to section seventy-six

" of this Act applies, from the day on which

" he attains the age of eighteen years and,

" in the case of any other soldier, "

In paragraph (1), for the words "three months

after " there shall be substituted the words

" three months reckoned, in the case of a

" soldier to whom an order made under

" the proviso to section seventy-six of this

" Act applies, from the date of his appoint-

" ment to a corps and, in the case of any

" other soldier, from "

In subsection (1), after the words "nine years "

there shall be inserted the words "reckoned,

" in the case of a soldier to whom an order

" made under the proviso to section seventy-

" six of this Act applies, from the day on

" which he attained the age of eighteen

" years and, in the case of any other

" soldier, "; and for the words "reckoned

" from the date of his attestation " there

shall be substituted the words "reckoned

" as aforesaid."

For the words "a total period of twenty-one

" years’ service " there shall be substituted

the words "the total period of service for

" which he has re-engaged under the last

" preceding section of this Act."

1929.

Finance Act, 1929.

Ch. 21.

241

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to re-impose income tax and to apply with

respect to income tax and the annual value of

property the like provisions (subject to the exception of certain temporary provisions contained in

the Finance Act, 1926, and the Finance Act, 1927)

as were applied in the last preceding year, to

continue the duties of customs charged by

section seven of the Finance Act, 1925, on hops,

preparations of hops and beer, and the additional excise drawback payable under the said

section, to impose a duty of customs on hop oil,

to apply section ninety-eight of the Customs

Consolidation Act, 1876, to hops, and to repeal

the duty of excise payable on bets made with a

bookmaker, the railway passenger duty, and the

duty of customs on tea.

[10th May 1929.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT^E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

\ V the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies

to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making

an addition to the public revenue, have freely and

voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty

the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same, as follows:—

Income Tax.

1.—(1) Income tax for the year 1929-30 shall be income Tax

charged at the standard rate of four shillings in the for 1029-30.

pound, and, in the case of an individual whose total

income from all sources exceeds two thousand pounds,

at the same higher rates in respect of the excess over

Q

24^ Ch. 21. Finance Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

two thousand pounds as were charged for the year

1928-29.

(2) All such enactments as had effect with respect

to the income tax charged for the year 1928-29 (other

than subsection (3) of section twenty-nine and subsec-

16 & 17 Geo. tion (2) of section thirty-two of the Finance Act, 1926,

5. c. 22. and section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1927),

17 & is Geo. shall have effect with respect to the income tax charged

5. e. 10. for the year 1929-30.

(3) The annual value of any property which has

been adopted for the purpose of income tax under

Schedules A and B for the year 1928-29 shall be taken

as the annual value of that property for the same purpose

for the year 1929-30:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to

lands, tenements and hereditaments in the administrative county of London with respect to which the

32 & 33 Vict, valuation list under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act,

c. 67. 1869, is by that Act made conclusive for the purposes

of income tax.

Repeal of

duty on

bets.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 22.

Repeal of

railway

passenger

duty.

5 & 6 Vict,

c. 79.

Continuation of customs duties

imposed by

s. 7 of

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 3ti.

Customs and Excise.

2. — (1) The excise duty chargeable under section

fifteen of the Finance Act, 1926, on bets made with

a bookmaker shall cease to be charged.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the sixteenth day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine.

3. — (1) The duty of excise chargeable in respect

of passengers conveyed upon railways under the Hail way

Passenger Duty Act, 1842, as amended by any subsecpient

enactment, shall cease to be charged.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine.

4. — (1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the duties

of customs charged by section seven of the Finance Act,

1925, for a period of four years begi nnin g on the sixteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-five,

on hops, on extracts, essences and other preparations

made from hops, and on beer, shall continue to be

1929.

Finance Act, 1929.

Ch. 21.

243

payable for a further period of four years from the

date on which the period aforesaid expires:

Provided that, as from the date on which the period

first mentioned in this section expires, hop oil shall

cease to be chargeable with duty as a preparation made

from hops and in lieu thereof a duty of customs at the

rate of twenty shillings the ounce shall be payable on

hop oil during the said further period of four years.

(2) The additional excise drawback payable undei

subsection (3) of the said section for a period of four

years beginning on the sixteenth day of November,

nineteen hundred and twenty-five, in respect of beer

shall continue to be allowed for a further period of four

years from the date on which the aforesaid period

expires.

(3) The provisions of section ninety-eight of the

Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, which relate to the 39 & 40 Vict,

charging of duty on the quantity of goods ascertained c. 36.

by weight, measure or strength at the time of actual

delivery thereof, shall apply to hops when cleared from

a warehouse for home use as they apply to the specially

excepted goods mentioned in that section.

5. —(1) The customs duty chargeable on tea until Repeal of the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, tea duty,

shall cease to be charged.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine.

6. —(1) This Act, so far as it relates to income tax, Construc-

shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts. tion, short

(2) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1929. repeal.

(3) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the

third column of that Schedule.

244

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Section 6.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

5 & 6 Vict. c.

The Railway

The whole Act so far as relates to

79.

Passenger Duty

Act, 1842.

railway passenger duty.

10 & 11 Vict,

c. 42.

The Railway

Passenger Duty

Act, 1847.

The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict,

c. 118.

The Excise Act,

Act, 1848.

Section two.

26 & 27 Vict,

c. 33.

The Revenue

Act, 1863.

Section thirteen.

39 & 40 Vict.

The Customs Con-

In section forty-two, the word

c. 36.

solidation Act,

1876.

" Tea."

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 34.

The Cheap Trains

Act, 1883.

Sections two and seven.

59 & 60 Vict.

The Light Rail-

The proviso to subsection (2) of

c. 48.

ways Act, 1896.

section twelve.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act,

Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) and

c. 32.

1921.

subsection (3) of section six.

16> 17 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act,

Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) and

oSL>2.

1926.

subsections (3) and (4) of section

fifteen; in subsection (1) of section sixteen the words "of betting

" duty and ", paragraph (a), in

paragraph (c) the words from

" and of any books " to the end

of the paragraph, paragraph (d),

and subsections (2), (3) and (4)

of section sixteen; paragraph (a)

of subsection (2) of section seventeen; section eighteen from "the

" expression ‘ police authority’"

to the end of the section.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

c. 10.

The Finance Act,

1927.

Section eighteen.

IS & 19 Geo. 5.

c. 17.

The Finance Act,

1928.

Sections one and fourteen.

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

245

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and thirty, and to appropriate the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[10th May 1929.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

U E - Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

\Y

the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which

we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your

Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may

be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Issue of

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making £251, 939, 597

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one dftted p und .

thousand nine hundred and thirty, the sum of two

hundred and fifty-one million nine hundred and thirty-

nine thousand five hundred and ninety-seven pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, Power for

by the issue of Treasury Pills or otherwise, and the the Trea-

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance sur y to

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum l, orrow *

or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and

fifty-one million nine hundred and thirty-nine thousand

five hundred and ninety-seven pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and thirty, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 40 & 41 Vict.

1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not c - 2.

apply with respect to those bills.

-46

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Appropriation of sums

voted for

3iipply services.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 24.

Treasury

may, in certain cases of

exigency,

authorise

expenditure

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later

than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the

money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrow ed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer,

and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund,

and be available in any manner in which such Fund is

available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this

section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge

for the National Debt.

Appropriation op Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts

mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the

supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears

by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of

four hundred and twenty-five millions and one thousand

six hundred and fifty-four pounds eighteen shillings and

seven pence are appropriated, and shall be deemed to

have been appropriated as from the date of the passing

of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the

services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed

hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any

money directed under section two of the Public Accounts

and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set

forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on

naval military and air services respectively is not made

to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act

for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any

vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

247

realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote unprovided

over the sum which may be applied under this Act as for > P r °-

appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of

expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the gat^granta

Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up for the navy

any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appro- services,

priations in aid of any other vote in the same department, rm y se jj' .

or in defraying expenditure in the same department g^vtces re' 1

which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to spectively

the service of the department by this Act, and which be not exit may be detrimental to the public service to postpone seeded,

until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the

usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the

sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary

application of a surplus under this section, and showing

the circumstances under which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval

military and air services for the year, in order that any

temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the

Treasury under this section may be submitted for the

sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose

by the Appropriation Acts, 1927 and 1928, surpluses

arising on certain votes for the navy, army and air services

respectively have been applied as shown in the account set

out in Schedule (C) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses

as shown in the said account is hereby sanctioned.

Sanction for

navy, army

and air expenditure

for 1927

unprovided

for.

17 & 18 Geo. 5,

o. 11.

18 & 19 Geo.

6. c. 18.

6.—(1) A person shall not receive any payment out Declaration

of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act required

for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non- m ccrt)ai

effective services, until he has subscribed such declara- receipt of^ 6

tion as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant sums a p 1)ro .

of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by priated.

the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the

production of a declaration under this section in respect

of any payment if such a declaration has been subscribed

within a period of seven calendar months preceding the

date of the payment.

248

Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Short title.

Section 3.

Section 3.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the

purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in

any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation Act, 1929.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ 5 . (1 .

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund 425, 001, 654 18 7

SCHEDULE (B.)— Appropriations of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

8.

d.

8.

d.

1927 and 1928.

Part 1.

Civil Estimates

Excess, 1927 -

90, 147

18

7

* —1, 265

1

3

, 2.

Kavy (Supplementary), 1928

100

0

0

364,000

0

0

, 3.

Army (Supplementary), 1928

115,000

0

0

145,000

0

0

, 4.

Civil (Supplementary), 1928

3, 368, 710

0

0

2, 672, 652

0

0

3, 573, 957

18

7

3, 180, 386

18

9

* Deficit.

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

249

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations op Grants— cotit.

Sums not exceeding

SCHED. (B.)

Appropriations of

Grants.

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

8.

d.

s.

d.

1929.

Part 5. Navy

55, 865,000

0

0

4, 223, 400

0

0

, 0. Army

40, 545,000

0

0

8, 413,000

0

0

Army (Ordnance

Factories)

100

0

0

2, 875, 900

0

0

., 7. Air Force -

16, 200,000

0

0

3, 445, 100

0

0

112, 610, 100

0

0

18, 957, 400

0

0

Part 8. Civil, Class I. -

2, 191, 338

0

0

4, 968, 591

0

0

, 9. Civil, Class II. -

5, 227, 243

0

0

873, 433

0

0

, 10. Civil, Class III. -

12, 406, 668

0

0

2, 389, 288

0

0

, 11. Civil, Class IV. -

60, 004, 126

0

0

5, 883, 853

0

0

, 12. Civil, Class V. -

79, 056, 226

0

0

6, 611, 585

0

0

, 13 . Civil, Class VI. -

9, 257, 716

0

0

2, 775, 815

0

0

, 14. Civil, Class VII.

8, 230, 002

0

0

1, 350, 155

0

0

, 13 . Civil, Class VIII.

56, 331, 642

0

0

1, 251, 973

0

0

, 16. Civil, Class IN. -

873, 878

0

0

1, 137, 095

0

0

, 17. Civil, Class X. -

15, 560, 333

0

0

Total, Civil £

239, 139, 172

0

0

27, 241, 788

0

0

Part 18. Revenue De-

partments, &c.

69, 678, 425

0

0

3, 001, 617

0

0

Grand Total £

425, 001, 654

18

7

52, 381, 191

18

9

250

Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5

SCHED. (A.)

Grants out

of the Consolidated

Fund.

Sched. (B.)

Part 1.

Civil

Service

Excesu,

1927.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the

31st day of March 1928 :—

Under Act 19 Geo. 5. c. 10.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1929 :—

Under Act 19 Geo. 5. c. 2. -

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1929 :—

Under Act 19 Geo. 5. c. 10.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1930 :—

Under Act 19 Geo. 5. c. 10.

Under this Act -

£ s. d.

90, 147 18 7

1, 575, 710 0 0

1, 908, 100 0 0

169, 488, 100 0 0

251, 939, 597 0 0

Total

- £425, 001, 654 18 7

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 1.

Civil Service Excess, 1927.

Sum granted to make good an

excess on the grant for Old

Age Pensions, for the year

ended on the 31st day of

March 1928 - - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

88, 882 17 4

* -1, 205 1 3

* Deficit.

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

251

SCHED. (B.)

Past 2.

Navy

(Supplementary ),

1928.

iSum3 not exceeding

Supply

Appropri itions

Grants.

in Ai 1.

Vote 1.—Wages, &c., of Officers and

Men of the Royal Navy, and

Royal Marines, &c.

Cr. 24, 900

2,000

, 2.—Victualling and Clothing for

the Navy -

Cr. 27,000

10,000

, 3.—Medical Establishments and

Services -

Cr. 16,000

, 4.—Fleet Air Arm -

Cr. 71, 700

, 5.—Educational Services

Cr. 5,000

5,000

, 6.—Scientific Services -

Cr. 12,000

6,000

, 8.—Shipbuilding, Repairs, Main-

tenance, &c.—

Section I.—Personnel

Cr. 106,000

Section II.—Materiel

Cr. 77,000

Section III.—Contract Work

229,000

101,000

, 9.—Naval Armaments-

Cr. 102,000

285,000

, 10.—Works, Buildings, and Repairs

at Home and Abroad -

195,000

—45,000 *

, 11.—Miscellaneous Effective Ser-

vices ----

6,000

, 13.—Non-Effective Services (Naval

and Marine)—Officers -

11, 700

100

364,000

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2.

Navy (Supplementary), 1928.

Sum granted to meet Expenditure not provided for in the

grant for Navy Services for the year ending on the 31st

day of March 1929.

* Deficit.

252

Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 3.

Army

(Supplementary',

1928.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3.

Army (Supplementary), 1928.

Sum granted to meet the excess cost involved in the employment

of extra troops in China, not provided for in the Army

Estimates for the year ending on the 31st day of March,

1929.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Vote 1.—Pay, &c. of the Army -

85,000

, 3.—Medical Services -

40,000

, 5.—Quartering and Movements -

293,000

, 6. —Supplies, Road Transport and

Remounts -

Cr. 19,000

, 7. —Clothing ....

12,000

, 9.—Warlike Stores ...

Cr.145,000

145,000

, 10.—Works, Buildings and Lands -

Cr. 10,000

, 11.—Miscellaneous Services -

Cr. 151,000

, 12.—War Office ....

10,000

115,000

145,000

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

253

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Civil

(Supplementary),

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the 1928.

charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for

the year ended on the 31st day of March 1929, viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4.

Crv el (Supplementary), 1928.

CIVIL.

Class I.

For the salaries and other expenses in the

department of His Majesty’s Treasury

and subordinate departments

For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Government Chemist

For the salaries and expenses of the Mint,

including the Expenses of Coinage, and

the expenses of the preparation of

medals, dies for postage and other

stamps, and His Majesty’s seals -

Class II.

For sundry dominion services, for advances in certain cases on account of

liabilities assumed by the Government of the Irish Free State in connection with compensation for damage

to property or with land purchase, for

certain ex-gratia grants, and for expenditure in connection with ex-service

men in the Irish Free State, and for a

grant-in-aid to the Irish Free State in

respect of compensation to transferred

officers ----

For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s Secretary

of State for the Colonies -

For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern

Services under His Majesty’s Secretary

of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants-

in-aid ----

Carried forward - - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

437

1, 600

100

2, 509, 100

416,000

1, 500

15,000

434, 637

2, 509, 100

254

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 4.

Civil

(Supplementary),

1928.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward

434, 637

2, 509, 100

Class III.

For the salaries and expenses of the Lord

Advocate’s Department, and other

law charges, the salaries and expenses

of the Courts of Law and Justice, and

of Pensions Appeals Tribunals in Scotland, and bonus on certain statutory

salaries.

6,000

Class V.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and subordinate

departments, including the exchequer

contribution to the Unemployment

Fund, grants to associations, local

education authorities and others under

the Unemployment Insurance, Labour

Exchanges and other Acts; expenses

of the Industrial Court; contribution

towards the expenses of the International Labour Organisation (League

of Nations); expenses of training and

transference of workpeople and their

families within Great Britain and

oversea; and sundry services, including

services arising out of the war -

466,000

152,000

For the payment of Old Age Pensions,

for certain administrative expenses

in connection therewith, and for pensions under the Blind Persons Act,

1920 .

- £

559,000

1, 465, 637

2, 661, 100

Carried forward

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

255

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward

Class VI.

For the payment of grants in respect

of local rates on certain private

1, 465, 637

2, 661, 100

mineral railways ....

For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Overseas Trade,

including a Grant in Aid of the

20,000

Imperial Institute -

For a grant-in-aid of the Railway Freight

10

11, 552

Rebates (Anticipation) Fund

Class VII.

1,000,000

For expenditure in respect of Houses of

Parliament buildings -

For expenditure in respect of royal parks

5,000

and pleasure gardens -

20,000

Class IX.

For grants-in-aid of the Lord Mayor’s

Fund and towards the cost of administration of the fund and co-ordination

of other funds for relief in distressed

mining areas ----

For grants-in-aid of relief in distressed

mining areas in Scotland and towards

the cost of administration of the dis-

755,000

j

tress in Mining Areas (Scotland) Fund

103, 003

Total, Civil - - £

3, 368, 710

2, 672, 652

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Civil

(Supplementary),

1928.

25G

Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 5.

Part 5. _

Navy.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1930; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For wages, &c., to 100, 300 officers,

seamen, and boys, and royal

marines; and civilians employed

on fleet services - 14, 244,000 05, 5G0

2. For victualling and clothing for

the navy, including the cost of

victualling establishments at

home and abroad ... 3, 873.400 845, 533

3. For medical services, including the

cost of medical establishments at

home and abroad ... 420,000 65, 227

4. For the fleet air arm ... 1, 300,000 —

5. For educational services - 232, 200 81, 765

6. For scientific services ... 470, 400 78, 064

7. For the royal naval reserve, the

royal fleet reserve, and the royal

naval volunteer reserve, &c. - 392,000 435

(8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for ship-

building, repairs, maintenance, &c.,

at dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad ... 6, 770,000 299, 020

, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

&c., at dockyards and naval

I yards at home and abroad - - 5, 021, 300 1, 636, 200

, Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - 7, 228, 300 90, 504

Carried forward - - £ 39, 951, 600 3, 162, 30S

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

257

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 5 — continued.

Stuns not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

9. For naval armaments -

39, 951, 600

3, 544,000

3, 162, 308

386, 667

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at

home and abroad, including the

cost of superintendence, purchase

of sites, grants in aid, and other

charges connected therewith

1, 907, 700

527, 700

11. For various miscellaneous effective

services .....

721, 800

70, 470

12. For the Admiralty Office

1, 187,000

15, 911

13. For non-effective services (naval

and marine)—officers -

3, 068, 500

23, 479

14. For non-effective services (naval and

marine)—men

4, 527,000

34, 550

15. For civil superannuation, compensation allowances and gratuities -

957, 400

2, 315

Total, Navy Services £

55, 865,000

4, 223, 400

R

SCHED. (B.)

Part 5.

Navy.

258

Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on 31st day of March 1930; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of His Majesty’s

Army (to a number not exceeding

150, 500) at home and abroad

(exclusive of His Majesty’s Indian

Possessions other than Aden)

8, 730,000

3, 921,000

2. For the Army Reserve, Supplemen-

tary Reserve, Territorial Army,

Officers’ Training Corps, and

Colonial Militia, &c.

5, 432,000

35, 300

3. For medical services ...

985,000

41, 500

4. For educational establishments

895,000

150,000

5. For quartering and movements

1, 415,000

865,000

6. For supplies, road transport, and

remounts ----

5, 007,000

379,000

7. For clothing -

1, 175,000

133,000

8. For general stores - -

1, 513,000

226,000

9. For warlike stores, including technical

establishments -

2, 538,000

911,000

Carried forward £

27, 090,000

6, 661, 800

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

259

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 6 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

27, 690,000

6, 661, 800

No.

10. For works, buildings, and lands,

including military and civilian

staff and other charges in connection therewith -

2, 848,000

275,000

11. For miscellaneous effective services -

881,000

318,000

12. For the War Office -

861,000

4,000

13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective charges for officers -

3, 738,000

632, 100

14. For the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, and

Kilmainham hospital, out-pen-

sions, rewards for distinguished

service, widows’ pensions, and

other non-effective charges for

warrant officers, non-commissioned

officers, and men, &c. -

4, 294,000

522,000

15. For civil superannuation, compensation, additional allowances,

gratuities, injury grants, &c.

233,000

100

Total, Army Services £

40, 545,000

8, 413,000

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the ordnance factories, the cost of

productions of which will be charged

to the army, navy, air force and

Indian, Dominion and Colonial Governments .

100

1

2, 875, 900

Total Army Services']

(including Ordnance )►£

40, 545, 100

11, 288, 900

Factories) - - j

SCHED. (B.)

Past 6.

Army.

260

Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 7.

Air.

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 7.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1930, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of 32,000 of all

ranks of the Air Force {exclusive

of those serving in His Majesty’s

Indian Possessions, other than

Aden).

3, 323,000

1, 009,000

2. For the quartering, stores (except

technical), supplies, and transport

1, 676,000

132,000

3. For technical and warlike stores

(including experimental and re-

search services) -

6, 585,000

2, 060,000

4. For works, buildings, repairs, and

lands, including civilian staff, and

other charges connected therewith

1, 700,000

160,000

5. For medical services

306,000

10, 500

6. For educational services -

498,000

10,000

7. For auxiliary and reserve forces

556,000

100

8. For Civil Aviation -

450,000

23,000

9. For the meteorological and miscel-

laneous effective services

228,000

22,000

10. For the Air Ministry -

661,000

2,000

11. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective services ...

217,000

16, 500

Total Am Services - £

16, 200,000

3, 445, 100

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

261

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No»

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices of the House of Lords

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

52, 873

7,000

House of Commons -

3. For expenses under the Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to

348, 186

14, 500

1928 .

4. For the salaries and other expenses

in the department of His Majesty’s

Treasury, and subordinate depart-

250,000

ments.

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s most

316, 253

23, 434 '

Honourable Privy Council -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

8, 852

6,000

office of the Lord Privy Seal

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England

2, 620

and Wales.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

41, 544

3, 250

Civil Service Commission

31, 975

30.700

Carried forward - - £

1, 052, 303

84.884

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 8.

CIVIL.— Class I.

262

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 052, 303

84, 884

No.

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Comptroller

and Auditor General -

148, 650

8, 881

10. For making good the deficiency on

the Income Account of the Fund

for Friendly Societies -

5, 976

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Government

Actuary .....

36, 287

2, 800

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government

Chemist .....

67, 665

1, 179

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Govern-

ment Hospitality Fund

15,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses

of coinage, and for the expenses of the preparation of medals, dies

for postage and other stamps, and

His Majesty’s seals ...

50,000

4, 810,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office ...

15, 091

13, 760

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

82, 423

National Savings Committee

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the

Office of Land Revenue Records

and Inrolments ....

37, 436

700

Carried forward - £

1, 510, 831

4, 922, 204

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

263

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

Brought forward

No.

18. For the salaries and expenses of the

establishment under the Public

Works Loan Commissioners -

19. For making the payment due to the

Local Loans Fund in respect of

advances in Northern Ireland and

to make good certain sums written

off from the assets of the Local

Loans Fund -

20. For the salaries and other expenses

of Royal Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries, &e.,

including provision for Shorthand

and the expenses of surplus stores,

&o., liquidation -

21. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants-in-aid

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries.

22. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services ....

23. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish office and subordinate offices, expenses under the

Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900,

expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act,

1899; a subsidy for transport

services to the Western Highlands

and Islands; and payments in

respect of unemployment schemes

24. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain Miscellaneous advances -

Sums not exceeding

Sipply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1, 510, 831

4, 922, 204

10

25, 037

82, 216

40,000

6, 300

67, 891

180,000

13, 650

281, 767

1, 400

28, 623

2, 191, 338

4, 968, 591

Sched. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class I.

Total, Civil, Class I. - £

264 Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.> SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

Past 9. __

Civil.

Class II.

CIVIL.— Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for Foreign

Affairs -

2. For the expenses in connection with

His Majesty’s embassies, missions,

and consular establishments

abroad, and other expenditure

chargeable to the Consular Vote,

relief of refugees from the

Near East, certain special grants,

including a grant in aid, and

sundry services arising out of the

War (including a Supplementary

202, 120

107, 608

sum of £82, 687) -

3. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations

and for other expenses in connection therewith, including British

Representation before the Permanent Court of International

Justice and for a grant-in-aid of the expenses of the Opium En-

1, 105, 017

574, 842

quiry Commission ...

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Dominion

85, 600

Affairs ----

53, 973

39, 100

Carried forward £

1, 446, 710

721, 550

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

265

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 9— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriation *

Grants.

in Aid.

• Brought forward

1, 440, 710

721, 550

No.

6. For sundry Dominion services, including certain grants-in-aid for

certain ex gratia grants, and for

expenditure in connection with

ex-service men in the Irish Free

State -

147, 170

13.845

6. For a grant in aid of the Empire

Marketing Fund -

550,000

7. For the expenses connected with

Oversea Settlement, including

certain grants in aid and expenses

arising out of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922 -

1, 3SO,000

90,000

8. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the Colonies

147, 494

4, 538

9. For sundry Colonial and Middle

Eastern services under His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the

Colonies, including certain non-

effective services, and grants in aid

90S, 697

43, 500

10. For a contribution towards the cost

of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in

Council, including a grant in aid -

109, 500

11. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land

in the United Kingdom, and a

grant in aid of the Imperial War

Graves Commission Fund, formed

under Royal Charter, 21st May

1917, and a contribution towards

an endowment fund -

537, 672

Total, Civil, Class II.- £

5, 227, 243

873, 433

SCHED. (B.)

Past 9.

Civil.

Class II.

266

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 10.

CIVIL.— Class III.

Schedule oe Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Home Department

and subordinate offices, including

liquidation expenses of the Royal

Irish Constabulary and contributions towards the expenses of

probation -

2. For the expenses of the maintenance

of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner

and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the

Receiver for the Metropolitan

Police District, bonus to Metropolitan Police Magistrates, the

contribution towards the expenses

of the Metropolitan Police, an

ex-gratia grant to the Clerk to the

stipendiary magistrate for Chatham and Sheerness, the salaries

and expenses of the Inspectors of

Constabulary, and other grants in

respect of Police Expenditure, including places of detention and a

grant in aid of the Police Federation ----

4. For the expenses of the prisons in

England and Wales -

Carried forward - - £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

430, 783

57, 103

70, 580

4, 667

7, 245, 860

210

975, 250

224,000

8, 722, 473

285, 980

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

267

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 10 —continued.

Brought forward

No.

6. For grants in respect of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in

reformatory and industrial schools,

and in auxiliary homes in England

and Wales, and whilst under supervision; also for the payment of

salaries and other expenses in connection with the collection of

parental contributions towards the

maintenance of such children

6. For such of the salaries and expenses

of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal

as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, including bonus on

certain statutory salaries, and a

grant in aid, and the salaries and

expenses of pensions appeals tribunals .....

7. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts,

including bonus to County Court

Judges .

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Land Registry

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee

10. For the salaries of the law officers

department, the salaries and expenses of the departments' of His

Majesty’s Procurator-General, and

of the Solicitor for the Affairs of

His Majesty’s Treasury, and of the department of the Director of

Public Prosecutions, for the costs

of prosecutions, of other legal

proceedings, and of Parliamentary

Agency.

Carried forward - - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grunts.

Appropriations

in Aid.

8, 722, 473

285, 980

221, 567

18, 050

100

500, 926

10

739, 648

10

166, 555

10

229, 331

153, 568

31, 900

9, 007, 738

1, 972, 390

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class TIT.

268

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10 — continued.

Snms not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

9, 097, 738

1, 972, 390

No.

11. For certain miscellaneous legal

expenses, for the salaries and expenses of arbitrators, &c., under

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,

and for a grant in aid of the expenses of the Law Society

38, 053

4, 125

12. For the salary and expenses of the

Inspector of Constabulary and for

grants in respect of Police expenditure in Scotland and for a grant

in aid of the Police Federation

866, 443

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Prisons Department for Scotland,

and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of

criminal lunatics, defectives, and

inmates of the State inebriate

reformatory, the preparation of

judicial statistics, and a grant for

certain expenses connected with

discharged prisoners -

137, 566

23, 671

14. For the expense of the maintenance

of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial

schools, and in auxiliary homes

in Scotland, including the expenses of collection of parental

contributions -

62, 880

4, 600

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Scottish Land Court,

including bonus to members of the

Court ----

8, 980

280

Carried forward £

10, 212, 260

2, 005, 066

1929. Appropriation Act, 1929. Ch. 22. 209

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10— continued .

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s department and

other law charges, the salaries

and expenses of the Courts of

Law and Justice and of pensions

appeals tribunals in Scotland,

and bonus on certain statutory

10, 212, 260

2, 005, 066

salaries .....

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices in His Majesty’s General

66, 900

139,000

Register House, Edinburgh -

18. For the cost of certain Northern

Ireland services, including expenditure in connection with ex-

service officers and men in Northern

Ireland, and bonus on certain

10

71, 942

statutory salaries -

19. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of

Judicature of Northern Ireland,

and of the Land Registry of

Northern Ireland, as are not

charged on the Consolidated Fund,

12, 525

6, 270

and other expenses ...

20. For the salaries and expenses of the Land Purchase Commission,

Northern Ireland, including the

payment of land purchase -annuities in Northern Ireland and the

expenses of certain land purchase

services in the Irish Free State

17, 502

32,000

reserved as an imperial liability -

2, 097, 471

135, 010

Total, Civil, Class III. - £

12, 406, 668

2, 389, 288

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class 111.

270

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

S<’HED. (B.)

PAfeT 11.

Civil.

Class IV/

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11.

CIVIL.— Class IV.

S' hedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

j

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the

various establishments connected

therewith, including sundry grants

in aid.

2. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum, and of the

Natural History Museum, includ-

41, 649, 899

5, 129, 492

ing certain grants in aid

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

283, 559

20, 679

Imperial War Museum

4. For the salaries and expenses in

respect of the London Museum,

12, 945

1, 055

Lancaster House -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, and of the

National Gallery of British Art,

Millbank, including a grant in aid

4, 962

1, 281

for the purchase of pictures -

34, 625

4, 200

Carried forward - - £

41, 985, 990

5, 15G, 707

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

271

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11 —continued.

Sums not exceeding

Sched. (K.)

Part II.

Civil.

Class IV.

Brought forward

No.

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase

of portraits -

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

41, 985, 990

7, 903

5, 156, 707

940

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection ... 11, 037

8. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other

grants ---- 228, 278

9. For grants in aid of the expenses of

certain Universities, Colleges,

Medical Schools, &c., in Great

Britain and for grants to schools

under the Welsh Intermediate

Education Act, 1889 -

1, 586,000

2, 400

10. For public education in Scotland,

and for the Royal Scottish

Museum, Edinburgh, including

a grant in aid - -

6, 173, 485

718, 354

11. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland,

the Scottish National Portrait

Gallery, and the Museum of

Antiquities, including certain

grants in aid -

10, 728

314

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

Total, Civil, Class IV. £

705

5, 138

50, 004, 126

5, 883, 853

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12.

CIVIL.— Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

No; £ £

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including

grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., in connection with Public Health Services, including a grant in aid,

grants in aid in respect of benefits

and expenses of administration

under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in

connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, and

certain special services - - 21, 228, 664 1, 100,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Control (Lunacy and

Mental Deficiency), England, and

grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service

mental patients - 829, 927 17, 842

3. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c. - 89, 748 24, 500

Carried' forward - - £ 22, 148, 339 1, 142, 342

1929.

273

' Appropriation Act, 1929. Ch. 22.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued. Sched. (R.)

- Part 12.

S ums not exceeding Civil.

8 Class V.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 22, 148, 339 1, 142, 342

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National

Health Insurance Acts, 1924 to

1928 . 168, 610 4, 800

5. For grants to local authorities, &c.,

in England and Wales, in respect

of capital works approved as unemployment schemes and for

grants to local authorities, &c., in

Great Britain for assistance in

carrying out approved schemes of

useful work financed otherwise

than by way of loan to relieve

unemployment - 1, 790,000 —

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies - 45, 373 5,000

7. For the payment of Old Age Pensions, for certain administrative

expenses in connection therewith,

and for pensions under the Blind

Persons Act, 1920 - 35, 537,000 3,000

8. For the Treasury Pensions Account

in accordance with the provision

of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions Act,

1925 . 4,000,000 —

Carried forward - £ 63, 689, 322 1, 155, 142

S

274

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Pabt], 12.

* Civil <

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 -—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including

the Exchequer contribution to

the Unemployment Fund, grants

to associations, local education

authorities and others under the

Unemployment Insurance Labour

Exchanges and other Acts; expenses of the Industrial Court;

contribution towards the expenses

of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations),

expenses of training and transference of workpeople and their

families within Great Britain and

Oversea, and sundry services, including services arising out of the

war ----

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for

Scotland, including grants and

other expenses in connection with

housing, grants to local authorities,

&c., in connection with public

health services, grant-in-aid of the

Highlands and Islands medical service, grants-in-aid of benefits and

expenses of administration under

the National Health Insurance

Acts, certain expenses in connection with the Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, and certain special

services -

Carried forward - - £

! £

63, 689, 322

1, 155, 142

12, 159,000

5, 313,000

3, 099, 518 140, 928

78, 947, 840 6, 609, 070

1929.

275

Appropriation Act, 1929. Ch. 22.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12— continued.

Brought forward

No.

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

General Board of Control for

Scotland and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-

service mental patients

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland

Tot An, Civn, Class V. - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grunts.

Appropriations

in Aid.

78, 947, 840

6, 609, 070

92, 079

515

16, 307

2,000

79, 056, 226

6, 611, 585

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13.

CIVIL.— Class VI.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Committee of Privy

Council for Trade, and subordinate

departments, including certain

Services arising out of the War -

210, 551

355, 598

Carried forward £

210, 551

355, 598

276

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5 *

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 210, 551 355, 598

No.

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Trade under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1914 and 1926, and

the Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926 ... 10 162, 505

3. For the salaries and expenses of

certain services transferred from

the Mercantile Marine Fund and

other services connected with the

Mercantile Marine, including the

Coastguard, General Register and

Record Office of Shipping and

Seamen, Merchant Seamen’s Fund

Pensions and grants to the General

Lighthouse Fund and other Lighthouse Authorities ... 409, 728 257, 176

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Overseas Trade,

including grants in aid of the

Imperial Institute and the Travel

Association of Great Britain - 368, 783 136, 459

5. For guarantees in respect of exports

of goods wholly or partly produced

or manufactured in the United

Kingdom and for the salaries and

expenses of the Export Credits

Department .... 72, 240 49, 750

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Mines Department of the Board of

Trade. 168, 205 6, 939

7. For the salaries and expenses in

the office of Commissioners of

Crown Lands, including bonus to

Commissioner and Secretary - 30, 090

£ 1, 259, 607

Carried forward

968, 427

1929.

277

Appropriation Act, 1929. Cn. 22.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 259, 607

968, 427

No.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries, expenses under the Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act,

1924, a grant under the Agricultural Credits Act, 1928, loans to

co-operative marketing societies,

grants for Agricultural Education

and Research, grants for eradication of Tuberculosis in cattle,

grants for land drainage, grants-

in-aid of the Small Holdings

Account, and certain other

grants-in-aid; and of the Royal

Botanic Gardens, Kew

2, 953, 863

500, 845

9. For a subsidy on sugar and molasses

manufactured from beet grown in

Great Britain -

3,000,000

10. For the expenses of the survey of

Great Britain, and of minor

services connected therewith

140, 980

99, 040

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry

Fund.

500,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport under

the Ministry of Transport Act,

1919, expenses of the Railway

Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921, expenses under

the London Traffic Act, 1924,

expenses in respect of advances

under the Light Railways Act,

1896, expenses of maintaining

Holyhead Harbour, advances to

meet deficit in Ramsgate Harbour

Fund, advances to Caledonian

and Crinan Canals, and for expenditure in connection with the

Severn Barrage Investigation

107, 060

166, 400

Carried forward £

7, 961, 510

1, 734, 712

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class VI.

Carried forward

278

Ch. 22. Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5 *

SCHED. (B.)

Past 13.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Civil.

Class VI.

Soma not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

7, 961, 510

1, 734, 712

No.

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Development Fund ----

300,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the

Geological Survey of Great Britain,

and Museum of Practical Geology

and a grant in aid -

446, 214

198, 165

15. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts,

including the salaries of the

central office and the cost of

acquisition and management of

licensed premises -

100

673, 520

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Agriculture for

Scotland, including grants for

agricultural education and training, loans to co-operative societies,

and certain grants in aid

484, 047

146, 375

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland,

including expenses of marine

superintendence, and grants in

aid of piers or quays -

65, 845

23, 043

Total, Civil, Class VI. £

9, 257, 716

2, 775, 815

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

279

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Clasa VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of

payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriation!

in Aid.

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of Art and

Science buildings, Great Britain -

2. For expenditure in respect of the

271,000

8, 820

Houses of Parliament buildings -

3. For expenditure in respect of

Housing Estates under the

management of the Office of

95, 800

500

Works.

4. For expenditure in respect of Employment Exchange, and Insurance buildings, Great Britain

(including Ministries of Labour

and Health and the Department of

11, 350

45, 720

Health for Scotland) -

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings including the whole additional cost of

a new Sheriff Court House at

541, 400

9, 320

Edinburgh ----

107, 100

1,000

Carried forward £

1, 026, 650

65, 360

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 14.

CIVIL.— Class VII.

280

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 026, 650

65, 360

No.

6. For expenditure in respect of

Osborne .

16, 230

5, 070

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Commissioners of His

Majesty’s Works and Public

Buildings ----

621, 520

125, 800

8. For expenditure in respect of

sundry public buildings in Great

Britain not provided for on

other Votes, including Historic

Buildings, Ancient Monuments

and Brompton Cemetery

1, 282, 340

213, 650

9. For expenditure in respect of public

buildings overseas ...

277, 040

7, 230

10. For expenditure in respect of royal

palaces, including a grant in aid -

82, 800

11, 950

11. For expenditure in respect of

Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph

buildings in Great Britain, certain

Post Offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with

boat3 and launches belonging to

the Customs and Excise Department ----

1, 061, 910

25, 150

Carried forward £

4, 368, 550

454, 210

1929.

281

Appropriation Act, 1929. Ch. 22.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

4, 368, 550

454, 210

No.

12. For expenditure in respect of the

royal parks and pleasure gardens -

208, 620

44, 050

13. For rates and contributions in lieu

of rates, &c., in respect of property

in the occupation of the Crown

for the Public Service, and for

rates on buildings occupied by Representatives of British Dominions

and of Foreign Powers, and to pay

the salaries and expenses of the

Rating of Government Property

Department, and a grant in aid

of the expenses of the London

Fire Brigade ....

1, 938, 460

46, 500

14. For stationery, printing, paper,

binding, and printed books for

the public service, for the salaries

and expenses of the Stationery

Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports

of Parliamentary Debates -

1, 583, 842

775, 275

15. For the expense of constructing

a new harbour of refuge at

Peterhead.

32,000

16. For expenditure in respect, of public

works and buildings in Ireland

1

98, 530

30, 120

Total, Civil, Class VII. £

8, 230, 002

1, 350, 155

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Class VII.

282

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part Id.

Civil.

Class VIII.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 15.

CIVIL.— Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1930,

viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For War pensions and allowances

(including cost of treatment) to

merchant seamen and fishermen

and their dependants, and the

administrative expenses connected

therewith. 390, 989 —

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for

sundry contributions in respect

of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916,

and the War Pensions Acts, 1915

to 1921, and sundry services - 53, 723, 500 20,000

3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and

disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and

to widows and children of such

members, including annuities to

the National Debt Commissioners

in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain

extra-statutory payments - - 701, 120 1, 158, 973

Carried forward - - £ 54, 815, 609 1, 178, 973

1929.

283

Appropriation Act, 1929. Cn. 22.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 15 —continued.

Soma not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

4. For superannuation, compensation,

compassionate and additional

allowances and gratuities under

sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances, gratuities and

supplementary pensions awarded

by the Treasury, and, under the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920,

54, 815, 609

1, 178, 973

by the Civil Service Committee -

1, 516, 033

73,000

Total, Civil, Class VIII. £

56, 331, 642

1, 251, 973

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15.

Civil.

Class VIII.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 16. Sched. (b.)

Part 16.

Civil.

CIVIL.— Class IX. Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

clearing office for enemy debts (including enemy property department), shipping liquidation, and

certain other services arising out

of the war - - . -

200

284, 583

Carried forward - £

200

284, 583

284

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 16.

Civil.

Class IX.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 16 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 200 284, 583

No.

2. For expenditure arising out of

contracts dated 9th April 1918,

and 3rd March 1922, entered into

with the Zinc Producers’ Association Proprietary, Limited, to

give effect to agreements made in

1916 and 1917, for the purchase

of Zinc Concentrates - 731, 050 852, 512

3. For expenditure arising from the

Government control of railways

in Great Britain and Ireland

under the Regulation of the

Forces Act, 1871, section 16 - 100

4. For a grant in aid of the Lord

Mayors Fund - 125, 300

5. For a grant in aid of relief in distressed

mining areas in Scotland - - 17, 228

Total, Civil, Class IX. £

873, 878

1, 137, 095

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

285

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 17. schhd. (b.)

_ Past 17.

. Civil.

CIVIL.— Class X. Class X.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1930, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For a grant-in-aid to rating authorities in England and Wales in

respect of loss of rates during the

period from 1st October, 1929, to

31st March, 1930, in consequence

of reduction of rateable values of

certain hereditaments as from

1st October, 1929 ...

2. For a grant-in-aid to rating authorities in Scotland in respect of loss

of rates during the period from

1st October, 1929, to 15th May,

1930, in consequence of reduction

of rateable values of certain

hereditaments as from 1st Octo-

12,000,000

her 1929 .

3. For a grant-in-aid of the Railway

Freight Rebates (Anticipation)

1, 200,000

Fund .....

4. For the payment of grants in respect

of local rates on certain private

2, 333, 333

mineral railways -

27,000

- *

Total, Civil, Class X. - £

Jl5, 560, 333

286

Ch. 22.

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 18.

Revenue

Departments, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments,

&c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in

course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day

of March 1930, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

1

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department -

4, 958,000

246,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department

6, 010, 425

185,000

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs

and Telephones -

58, 110,000

2, 570, 617

Total Revenue Departments - £

69, 678, 425

3, 001, 617

SCHEDULE (E.)— Part 18.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

1929

Appropriation Act, 1929

Ch. 22,

287

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part I. Scked. (C.)

Pajrt I.

Navy

Services.

Section 5.

Navy Services, 1927,

Votes.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ s. d.

£ 8. d.

£ a. d.

£ s. d.

1. Wages, &c., of Officers,

Seamen, Boys, and Royal

Marines, and Civilians

employed on Fleet Ser-

vices ....

9, 630 3 0

134.808 4 0

2. Victualling and Clothing

34, 450 13 3

0, 852 4 6

3. Medical -Establishments and

Services ....

9, 099 4 9

5, 424 1 4

4. Fleet Air Arm

6. Educational Services -

3122 11 10

843 1 5

6. Scientific Services

19, 300 2 5

3.117 18 6

7. Royal Na\ al Reserve -

Ill 10 2

7, 025 3 2

8. Siiipbuilding, Repairs,

Maintenance, &c.:

Sec. 1. Personnel

4.110 2 10

24.090 14 9

Sec. 2. Materiel -

20, 100 0 9

151, 542 0 3

Sec. 3. Contract Work

01, 236 10 0

11, 485 12 11

9. Naval Armaments

20, 300 18 11

5.090 12 11

10. Works, Buildings, and

Repairs ....

49.060 12 9

32, 778 11 8

11. Miscellaneous Effective

Services ....

35, 093 0 8

15.141 0 0

12. Admiralty Office

1, 970 7 2

0, 838 17 4

13. Non-Effective Services

(Naval and Marine),

Officers ....

5, 780 5 1

504 17 2

14. Non-Effective Services

(Naval and Marine), Men

1, 446 15 9

0 294 0 11

15. Civil Superannuation,

Compensation Allowances,

and Cratuities

3, 790 4 3

187 18 0

— Balance irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned -

2, 276 8 0

108, 776 17 9

78, 226 2 3

Total Deficits:

Total Surpluses:

£187, 003 0 0

£613, 740 2 2

Net Surplus:

£320, 743 2 2

288

Ch. 22

Appropriation Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5,

SCHED. (C.)

Part n.

Army-

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part II.

Army Services, 1927,

Votes.

1. Pay, &c., of the Army

2. Territorial Army and Reserve Forces -

3. Medical Services

4. Educational Establishments

5. Quartering and Movements

6. Supplies, Road Transport

and Remounts

7. Clothing ....

8. General Stores •

9. Warlike and Engineer

Technical Stores

10. Works, Buildings, and

Lands -

11. Miscellaneous Effective

Services -

12. War Otlice ...

13. Half-Pay, Retired Pay, and

other Non-Effective

Charges for Officers

14. Pensions and other Non-

Effective Charges for

Warrant Officers, Non-

Commissioned Officers,

Men and others

15. Civil Superannuation, Compensation and Gratuities

— Balances irrecoverable

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d . £ s. d.

— 004, 044 9 5 201, 757 8 4 —

— — 132 004 IS 8 5.937 10 1

— — 39.898 10 3 4, 184 10 10

— 5, 288 19 9 21.337 3 8 —

— — 105.349 14 11 40, 703 2 3

— 32, 702 11 3 332.397 10 11 —

— 1, 820 8 7 114.430 11 5 —

— — 48.379 10 0 4, 047 11 7

— — 133.990 12 10 170, 947 6 7

— 17, 725 15 3 202, 534 9 8 —

— — 99.193 4 1 44.003 2 5

— 2.327 15 7 9, 024 9 0

— 14, 523 18 0 40, 533 10 9 —

182, 442 2 4 10.712 2 7

11, 590 14 7 —

194, 032 16 11

V

Total Pefi

£883, '

9, 224 8 7 443 6

Total Surpluses:

£1, 893.043 17 11

Net Surplus:£1, 009, 205 0 7

1929.

Appropriation Act, 1929.

Ch, 22.

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part III.

SCHED. (C.)

Part III.

Air Services.

Surpluses.

Pay, &c., of the Air Force

Quartering Stores (except

Teoimieal), Supplies and

Transport....

Technical and Warlike Stores

(including Experimental

and Research Services)

Works, Buildings and Lands -

Medical Services

Educational Services

Auxiliary and P.csarve Forces

Civil Aviation -

, Meteorological and Miscellaneous Effective Services -

. Air Ministry -

. Half-Pay, Pensions and other

Non-Effective Services

Balances irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned -

Excesses of

actual over

estimate

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

— 1108, 273 10 101 b7, 207 11

— 140, 707

232, 392 4

5.7, 820 10

14, 222 10

4, 80.'! 10

102 0

88, 229 14

5 471, 727 12

9 204, 442 14

8 0, 285 15

8 18, 212 0

4 5, 007 11

47, 343 1

3, 039 19 10

5, 250 10 4

3, 141 18

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

11, 437 14 0 557, 752

11905, 004 17 0 I 10, 871

Total Surpluses:

£1,000, 776 0

Net Surplus:£437, 580 4 7

290

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Mode of

forming incorporated

company.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to consolidate the Companies Acts, 1908

to 1928, and certain other enactments connected with the said Acts.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Incorporation or Companies and Matters

INCIDENTAL THERETO.

Memorandum of Association.

1.—(1) Any seven or more persons, or, where the

company to be formed will be a private company, any

two or more persons, associated for any lawful purpose

may, by subscribing their names to a memorandum of

association and otherwise complying with the requirements of this Act in respect of registration, form an

incorporated company, with or without limited liability.

(2) Such a company may be either—

(a) A company having the liability of its members

limited by the memorandum to the amount,

if any, unpaid on the shares respectively held

by them (in this Act termed " a company

limited by shares "); or

(b) A company having the liability of its members

limited by the memorandum to such amount as

the members may respectively thereby undertake to contribute to the assets of the company

in the event of its being wound up (in this Act

termed " a company limited by guarantee ");

or

(c) A company not having any limit on the liability

of its members (in this Act termed " an

unlimited company").

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

291

2 . —(1)The memorandum of every company must

state—

(a) The name of the company, with " Limited " as

the last word of the name in the case of a

company limited by shares or by guarantee:

(b) Whether the registered office of the company is

to be situate in England or in Scotland:

(c) The objects of the company.

(2) The memorandum of a company limited by

shares or by guarantee must also state that the liability

of its members is limited.

(3) The memorandum of a company limited by

guarantee must also state that each member undertakes

to contribute to the assets of the company in the event

of its being wound up while he is a member, or within

one year after he ceases to be a member, for payment

of the debts and liabilities of the company contracted

before he ceases to be a member, and of the costs,

charges, and expenses of winding up, and for adjustment

of the rights of the contributories among themselves,

such amount as may be required, not exceeding a

specified amount.

(4) In the case of a company having a share

capital—

(a) The memorandum must also, unless the company is an unlimited company, state the amount

of share capital with which the company

proposes to be registered and the division

thereof into shares of a fixed amount;

(b) No subscriber of the memorandum may take

less than one share;

(c) Each subscriber must write opposite to his name

the number of shares he takes.

3 . The memorandum must bear the same stamp as

if it were a deed, and must be signed by each subscriber in the presence of at least one witness who

must attest the signature, and that attestation shall

be sufficient in Scotland as well as in England.

4 . A company may not alter the conditions contained

in its memorandum except in the cases, in the mode and

to the extent for which express provision is made in

this Act.

Part I,

— coat.

Requirements with

respect to

memorandum.

Stamp and

signature of

memorandum.

Restrict! >u

on alteration

of memorandum.

on-?

Part I.

— cont.

Mode in

which and

extent to

which

objects of

company

may be

altered.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a

company may, by special resolution, alter the provisions

of its memorandum with respect to the objects of the

company, so far as may be required to enable it—

(a) to carry on its business more economically or

more efficiently; or

(b) to attain its main purpose by new or improved

means; or

(c) to enlarge or change the local area of its operations; or

(d) to carry on some business which under existing

circumstances may conveniently or advantageously be combined with the business of the

company; or

(e) to restrict or abandon any of the objects specified

in the memorandum; or

(f) to sell or dispose of the whole or any part of the undertaking of the company; or

(</) to amalgamate with any other company or body

of persons.

(2) The alteration shall not take effect until, and

except in so far as, it is confirmed on petition by the

court.

(3) Before confirming the alteration the court must

be satisfied—

(a) that sufficient notice has been given to every

holder of debentures of the company, and to

any persons or class of persons whose interests

will, in the opinion of the court, be affected by

the alteration; and

(h) that, with respect to every creditor who in the

opinion of the court is entitled to object and

who signifies his objection in manner directed

by the court, either his consent to the alteration

has been obtained or his debt or claim has been

discharged or has determined, or has been

secured to the satisfaction of the court:

Provided that the court may, in the case of any

person or class, for special reasons, dispense with the

notice required by this section.

1929.

Ch. 23.

293

Companies Act, 1929j

(4) The court may make an order confirming the

alteration either wholly or hi part, and on such terms and

conditions as it thinks fit.

(5) The court shall, in exercising its discretion under

this section, have regard to the rights and interests of the members of the company or of any class of them,

as well as to the rights and interests of the creditors,

and may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the proceedings in order

that an arrangement may be made to the satisfaction

of the court for the purchase of the interests of dissentient

members, and may give such directions and make such

orders as it may think expedient for facilitating or

carrying into effect any such arrangement:

Provided that no part of the capital of the company

shall be expended in any such purchase.

(6) An office copy of the order confirming the

alteration, together with a printed copy of the memorandum as altered, shall, within fifteen days from the

date of the order, be delivered by the company to the

registrar of companies, and he shall register the copy so

delivered and shall certify the registration under his

hand, and the certificate shall be conclusive evidence

that all the requirements of this Act with respect to

the alteration and the confirmation thereof have been

complied with, and thenceforth the memorandum as

so altered shall be the memorandum of the company.

The court may by order at any time extend the time

for the delivery of documents to the registrar under this

section for such period as the court may think proper.

(7) If a company makes default in delivering to the

registrar of companies any document required by this

section to be delivered to him, the company shall be

liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds for every day

during which the default continues.

Articles of Association.

6. There may in the case of a company limited

by shares, and there shall in the case of a company

limited by guarantee or unlimited, be registered with

the memorandum articles of association signed by the

subscribers to the memorandum and prescribing regulations for the company.

Part I,

— cont.

Articles

prescribing

regulations

for com

panies.

294

Part I.

— cont.

Regulations

required in

case of

unlimited

company

or company

limited by

guarantee.

Adoption

and

application

of Table A.

Printing,

stamp, and

signature of

articles.

Alteration

of articles

by special

resolution.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

7. —(1) In the case of an unlimited company the

articles, if the company has a share capital, must state

the amount of share capital with which the company

proposes to be registered.

(2) In the case of an unlimited company or a

company limited by guarantee, the articles, if the company has not a share capital, must state the number of

members with which the company proposes to be registered.

(3) Where a company not having a share capital

has increased the number of its members beyond the

registered number, it shall, within fifteen days after the

increase was resolved on or took place, give to the

registrar of companies notice of the increase, and the

registrar shall record the increase.

If default is made in complying with this subsection,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

8. —(1) Articles of association may adopt all or any of the regulations contained in Table A.

(2) In the case of a company limited by shares

and registered after the commencement of this Act, if

articles are not registered, or, if articles are registered,

in so far as the articles do not exclude or modify the

regulations contained in Table A, those regulations

shall, so far as applicable, be the regulations of the

company in the same maimer and to the same extent

as if they were contained in duly registered articles.

9. Articles must—

(1) be printed;

(2) be divided into paragraphs numbered consecutively;

(3) bear the same stamp as if they were contained

in a deed;

(4) be signed by each subscriber of the memorandum of association in the presence of at

least one witness who must attest the signature, and that attestation shall be sufficient

in Scotland as well as in England.

10. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and

to the conditions contained in its memorandum, a

company may by special resolution alter or add to its

articles.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

295

(2) Any alteration or addition so made in the articles Part I-

shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be as valid as conL

if originally contained therein, and be subject in like

manner to alteration by special resolution.

Form of Memorandum and Articles.

11. The form of—

(1) the memorandum of association of a company

limited by shares;

Statutory

forms of

memorandum and

(2) the memorandum and articles of association articles,

of a company limited by guarantee and not

having a share capital;

(3) the memorandum and articles of association

of a company limited by guarantee and

having a share capital;

(4) the memorandum and articles of association

of an unlimited company having a share

capital;

shall be respectively in accordance *with the forms

set out in Tables B., C., D. and E. in the First

Schedule to this Act, or as near thereto as circumstances

admit.

Registration.

12 . The memorandum and the articles, if any, Registration

shall be delivered to the registrar of companies for of memo-

England or the registrar of companies for Scotland randum and

according as the registered office of the company is article s.

stated by the memorandum to be situate in England or

Scotland, and the registrar shall retain and register them.

13 . — (1)On the registration of the memorandum Effect of

of a company the registrar shall certify under his hand registration,

that the company is incorporated and, in the case of a

limited company, that the company is limited.

(2) From the date of incorporation mentioned in

the certificate of incorporation, the subscribers of the

memorandum, together with such other persons as may

from time to time become members of the company,

shall be a body corporate by the name contained in the

memorandum, capable forthwith of exercising all the

functions of an incorporated company, and having

296

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5;

Part I.

— cont.

Power of

company to

hold lands.

Conclusiveness of certificate of incorporation

Registration

of unlimited

company as

limited.

perpetual succession and a common seal, but with such

liability on the part of the members to contribute to

the assets of the company in the event of its being

wound up as is mentioned in this Act.

14 . — (1)A company incorporated under this Act shall

have power to hold lands, and as regards lands in any part

of the United Kingdom without licence in mortmain:

Provided that a company formed for the purpose of

promoting art, science, religion, charity or any other like

object not involving the acquisition of gain by the

company or by its individual members, shall not, without

the licence of the Board of Trade, hold more than two

acres of land, but the Board may by licence empower any

such company to hold lands in such quantity, and subject

to such conditions, as the Board think fit.

(2) A licence given by the Board of Trade under

this section shall be in accordance with the form

set out in the Second Schedule to this Act, or as

near thereto as circumstances admit.

15 . —(1) A certificate of incorporation given by

the registrar in respect of any association shall be

conclusive evidence that all the requirements of this Act in respect of registration and of matters precedent

and incidental thereto have been complied with, and

that the association is a company authorised to be

registered and duly registered under this Act.

(2) A statutory declaration by a solicitor of the

Supreme Court, and in Scotland by an enrolled law agent,

engaged in the formation of the company, or by a person

named in the articles as a director or secretary of the

company, of compliance -with all or any of the said

requirements shall be produced to the registrar, and the

registrar may accept such a declaration as sufficient

evidence of compliance.

16 . — (1)Subject to the provisions of this section,

a company registered as unlimited may register under

this Act as limited, or a company already registered as

a limited company may re-register under this Act, but

the registration of an unlimited company as a limited

company shall not affect the rights or liabilities of the

company in respect of any debt or obligation incurred

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

297

or any contract entered into, by, to, with, or on behalf Part I

of the company before the registration, and those rights —cont

or liabilities may be enforced in manner provided by

Part IX. of tills Act in the case of a company registered

in pursuance of that Part.

(2) On registration in pursuance of this section the

registrar shall close the former registration of the

company, and may dispense with the delivery to him of

copies of any documents with copies of which he was

furnished on the occasion of the original registration of the company, but, save as aforesaid, the registration

shall take place in the same manner and shall have effect

as if it were the first registration of the company under

this Act, and as if the provisions of the Acts under which

the company was previously registered and regulated

had been contained in different Acts from those under

which the company is registered as a limited company.

Provisions with respect to Names of Companies.

17.—(1) No company shall be registered by a name Restriction

which— on registration of com-

(a) is identical with that by which a company in panies by

existence is already registered, or so nearly certain

resembles that name as to be calculated to names -

deceive, except where the company in existence

is in the course of being dissolved and signifies

its consent in such manner as the registrar

requires; or

(b) contains the words "Chamber of Commerce, "

unless the company is a company which is to

be registered under a licence granted in pursuance of the next following section of this Act without the addition of the word "Limited "

to its name; or

(r) contains the words "Building Society."

(2) Except with the consent of the Board of Trade

no company shall be registered by a name which—

(a) contains the words "Royal" or "Imperial" or

in the opinion of the registrar suggests, or

is calculated to suggest, the patronage of His

298

Part I.

— cont.

Power to

dispense

with

" Limited "

in name of

charitable

and other

companies.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Majesty or of any member of the Royal Family

or connection with His Majesty’s Government

or any department thereof; or

(&) contains the words "Municipal " or " Chartered "

or in the opinion of the registrar suggests, or

is calculated to suggest, connection with any

municipality or other local authority or with

any society or body incorporated by Royal

Charter; or

(c) contains the word "Co-operative."

18.—(1) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade that an association about to be

formed as a limited company is to be formed for promoting commerce, art, science, religion, charity, or any

other useful object, and intends to apply its profits, if

any, or other income in promoting its objects, and to

prohibit the payment of any dividend to its members,

the Board may by licence direct that the association may

be registered as a company with limited liability, without

the addition of the word "Limited " to its name, and

the association may be registered accordingly.

(2) A licence by the Board of Trade under this

section may be granted on such conditions and subject

to such regulations as the Board think fit, and those

conditions and regulations shall be binding on the association, and shall, if the Board so direct, be inserted in

the memorandum and articles, or in one of those

documents.

(3) The association shall on registration enjoy all

the privileges of limited companies, and be subject to

all their obligations, except those of using the word

" Limited " as any part of its name, and of publishing

its name, and of sending lists of members to the

registrar of companies.

(4) A licence under this section may at any time

be revoked by the Board of Trade, and upon revocation

the registrar shall enter the word "Limited " at the end

of the name of the association upon the register, and

the association shall cease to enjoy the exemptions and

privileges granted by this section:

1920.

Companies Act, 1929.

CSh. 23.

299

Provided that, before a licence is so revoked, the Part I.

Board shall give to the association notice in writing of cont -

their intention, and shall afford the association an

opportunity of being heard in opposition to the

revocation.

(5) Where the name of the association contains the

words " Chamber of Commerce, " the notice to be given

as aforesaid shall include a statement of the effect of the provisions of subsection (3) of the next following

section of this Act.

19.—(1) A company may, by special resolution and Change of

with the approval of the Board of Trade signified in name,

writing, change its name.

(2) If a company, through inadvertence or otherwise, is, without such consent as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section seventeen of this Act, registered by a name which is identical with that

by which a company in existence is previously registered,

or which so nearly resembles that name as to be calculated to deceive, the first-mentioned company may

change its name with the sanction of the registrar.

(3) Where a licence granted in pursuance of the last

foregoing section of this Act to a company the name

of which contains the words "Chamber of Commerce " is

revoked, the company shall, within a period of six weeks

from the date of the revocation or such longer period as

the Board of Trade may think fit to allow, change its

name to a name which does not contain those words.

If a company makes default in complying with the

requirements of this subsection, it shall be liable to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during

which the default continues.

(4) Where a company changes its name, the registrar

shall enter the new name on the register in place of the

former name, and shall issue a certificate of incorporation

altered to meet the circumstances of the case.

(5) The change of name shall not affect any rights

or obligations of the company, or render defective any

legal proceedings by or against the company, and any

legal proceedings that might have been continued or

commenced against it by its former name may be

continued or commenced against it by its new name.

300

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part I.

— cont.

Effect of

memorandum and

articles.

Provision as

to memorandum and

articles of

companies

limited by

guarantee.

Alterations

in memorandum or

articles

increasing

liability to

contribute

to share

capital not

to bind

existing

General Provisions with respect to Memorandum

and Articles.

20. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

memorandum and articles shall, when registered, bind

the company and the members thereof to the same

extent as if they respectively had been signed and sealed

by each member, and contained covenants on the part

of each member to observe all the provisions of the

memorandum and of the articles.

(2) All money payable by any member to the

company under the memorandum or articles shall be a

debt due from him to the company, and in England be

of the nature of a specialty debt.

21. —(1) In the case of a company limited by

guarantee and not having a share capital, and registered

on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred

and one, every provision in the memorandum or articles

or in ajny resolution of the company purporting to give

any person a right to participate in the divisible profits

of the company otherwise than as a member shall be

void.

(2) For the purpose of the provisions of this Act

relating to the memorandum of a company limited by

guarantee and of this section, every provision in the

memorandum or articles, or in any resolution, of a

company limited by guarantee and registered on or after

the date aforesaid, purporting to divide the undertaking

of the company into shares or interests shall be treated

as a provision for a share capital, notwithstanding that

the nominal amount or number of the shares or interests

is not specified thereby.

22. Notwithstanding anything in the memorandum

or articles of a company, no member of the company

shall be bound by an alteration made in the memorandum

or articles after the date on which he became a member,

if and so far as the alteration requires him to take or

subscribe for more shares than the number held by him

at the date on which the alteration is made, or in any

way increases his liability as at that date to contribute

to the share capital of, or otherwise to pay money to, the

company:

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

301

Provided that this section shall not apply in any

case where the member agrees in writing, either before

or after the alteration is made, to be bound thereby.

23. —(1) A company shall, on being so required by

any member, send to him a copy of the memorandum

and of the articles, if any, and a copy of any Act of

Parliament which alters the memorandum, subject to

payment, in the case of a copy of the memorandum and

of the articles, of one shilling or such less sum as the

company may prescribe, and, in the case of a copy of an

Act, of such sum not exceeding the published price

thereof as the company may require.

(2) If a company makes default in complying with

this section, the company and every officer of the

company who is in default shall be liable for each

offence to a fine not exceeding one pound.

24. —(1) Where an alteration is made in the memorandum of a company, every copy of the memorandum

issued after the date of the alteration shall be in

accordance with the alteration.

(2) If, where any such alteration has been made, the

company at any time after the date of the alteration

issues any copies of the memorandum which are not in

accordance with the alteration, it shall be liable to a

fine not exceeding one pound for each copy so issued,

and every officer of the company who is in default shall

be liable to the like penalty.

Membership of Company.

25.—(1) The subscribers of the memorandum of

a company shall be deemed to have agreed to become

members of the company, and on its registration shall

be entered as members in its register of members.

(2) Every other person who agrees to become a

member of a company, and whose name is entered in

its register of members, shall be a member of the

company.

Part I.

— cont.

members

without

consent.

Copies of

memorandum and

articles to

be given to

members.

Issued

copies of

memorandum to

embody

alterations.

Definition of

member.

302

Part I.

— writ.

Meaning of

" private

company."

Circumstances in

which company ceases

to he, or to

enjoy privileges of, a

private

company.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Private Companies.

26. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, the expression

" private company" means a company which by its

articles—

(a) restricts the right to transfer its shares; and

(b) limits the number of its members to fifty, not

including persons who are in the employment

of the company and persons who, having been

formerly in the employment of the company,

were while in that employment, and have

continued after the determination of that

employment to be, members of the company;

and

(c) prohibits any invitation to the public to subscribe for any shares or debentures of the

company.

(2) Where two or more persons hold one or more

shares in a company jointly, they shall, for the purposes

of this section, be treated as a single member.

27. —(1) If a company, being a private company,

alters its articles in such manner that they no longer

include the provisions which, under the last foregoing

section of this Act, are required to be included in the

articles of a company in order to constitute it a private

company, the company shall, as on the date of the

alteration, cease to be a private company and shall,

within a period of fourteen days after the said date,

deliver to the registrar of companies for registration a

prospectus or a statement in lieu of prospectus in the form

and containing the particulars set out in the Third

Schedule to this Act.

(2) If default is made in complying with subsection (1) of this section, the company and every officer

of the company who is in default shall be liable to a

default fine of fifty pounds.

(3) Where the articles of a company include the

provisions aforesaid but default is made in complying

■with any of those provisions, the company shall cease to

be entitled to the privileges and exemptions conferred

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

on private companies under the provisions contained in

section twenty-eight, subsection (3) of section one

hundred and ten, subsection (1) of section one hundred

and thirty and paragraph (4) of section one hundred

and sixty-eight of this Act, and thereupon the said

provisions shall apply to the company as if it were not a

private company:

Provided that the court, on being satisfied that

the failure to comply with the conditions was accidental

or due to inadvertence or to some other sufficient cause,

or that on other grounds it is just and equitable to grant

relief, may, on the application of the company or any

other person interested and on such terms and conditions

as seem to the court just and expedient, order that the

company be relieved from such consequences as aforesaid.

Reduction of Number of Members below Legal Minimum.

28. If at any time the number of members of a

company is reduced, in the case of a private company,

below two, or, in the case of any other company, below

seven, and it carries on business for more than six

months while the number is so reduced, every person

who is a member of the company during the time that

it so carries on business after those six months and is

cognisant of the fact that it is carrying on business with

fewer than two members, or seven members, as the case

may be, shall be severally liable for the payment of the

whole debts of the company contracted during that

time, and may be severally sued therefor.

Contracts, &c.

29.—(1) Contracts on behalf of a company may be

made as follows:—

(a)'A contract which if made between private

persons would be by law required to be in

writing, and if made according to English law

to’ be under seal, may be made on behalf of the

company in writing under the common seal of the company:

303

Part I.

— cont.

Prohibition

of carrying

on business

with fewer

than seven

or, in the

case of a

private company, two

members.

Form of

contracts.

304

Part I.

— cont.

Bills of exchange and

promissory

notes.

Execution

of deeds

abroad.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(b) A contract which if .made between private

persons would be by law required to be in

writing, signed by the parties to be charged

therewith, may be made on behalf of the company in writing signed by any person acting

under its authority, express or implied:

(c) A contract which if made between private

persons would by law be valid although made

by parol only, and not reduced into writing,

may be made by parol on behalf of the company

by any person acting under its authority,

express or implied.

(2) A contract made according to this section shall

be effectual in law, and shall bind the company and its

successors and all other parties thereto.

(3) A contract made according to this section may

be varied or discharged in the same manner in which

it is authorised by this section to be made.

(4) A deed to which a company is a party shall

be held to be validly executed in Scotland on behalf of the company if it is executed in accordance with the

provisions of this Act or is sealed with the common seal

of the company and subscribed on behalf of the company

by two of the directors and the secretary of the company,

and such subscription on behalf of the company shall

be binding whether attested by witnesses or not.

30. A bill of exchange or promissory note shall be

deemed to have been made, accepted, or endorsed on

behalf of a company if made, accepted, or endorsed in

the name of, or by or on behalf or on account of, the

company by any person acting under its authority.

31.—(1) A company may, by writing under its

common seal, empower any person, either generally or in

respect of any specified matters, as its attorney, to

execute deeds on its behalf in any place not situate in

the United Kingdom.

(2) A deed signed by such an attorney on behalf of the company and under, his seal shall bind the company

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

305

and have the same effect as if it were under its common Part I.

seal. — cont.

32.—(1) A company whose objects require or com- Power for

prise the transaction of business in foreign countries company to

may, if authorised by its articles, have for use in any have official

territory, district, or place not situate in the United 8 al use

Kingdom, an official seal, which shall be a facsimile of a roa '

the common seal of the company, with the addition on

its face of the name of every territory, district, or place

where it is to be used.

(2) A deed or other document to which an official

seal is duly affixed shall bind the company as if it had

been sealed with the common seal of the company. *

(3) A company having an official seal for use in any

such territory, district or place may, by writing under its

common seal, authorise any person appointed for the

purpose in that territory, district or place, to affix the

official seal to any deed or other document to which the

company is party in that territory, district or place.

(4) The authority of any such agent shall, as between

the company and any person dealing with the agent,

continue during the period, if any, mentioned in the

instrument conferring the authority, or if no period is

there mentioned, then until notice of the revocation or

determination of the agent’s authority has been given

to the person dealing with him.

(5) The person affixing anysueh official seal shall,

by writing under his hand, certify on the deed or other

instrument, to which the seal is affixed, the date on

which and the place at which it is affixed.

Authentication of Documents.

33. A document or proceeding requiring authenti- Authentica-

cation by a company may be signed by a director, tion of

secretary, - or other authorised officer of the company, documents,

and need not be under its common seal.

U

306

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Dating and

registration

of prospectus.

Specific requirements

as to particulars in

prospectus.

Part II.

Share Capital and Debentures.

Prospectus.

34 . —(1) A prospectus issued by or on behalf of a

company or in relation to an intended company shall be

dated, and that date shall, unless the contrary is proved,

be taken as the date of publication of the prospectus.

(2) A copy of every such prospectus, signed by

every person who is named therein as a director or

proposed director of the company, or by his agent

authorised in writing, shall be delivered to the registrar

of Companies for registration on or before the date of its

publication, and no such prospectus shall be issued until

a copy thereof has been so delivered for registration.

(3) The registrar shall not register any prospectus

unless it is dated, and the copy thereof signed, in manner

required by this section.

(4) Every prospectus shall state on the face of it

that a copy has been delivered for registration as required

by this section.

(5) If a prospectus is issued without a copy thereof

being so delivered, the company, and every person who is

knowingly a party to the issue of the prospectus, shall

be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every

day from the date of the issue of the prospectus until a

copy thereof is so delivered.

35. —(1) Every prospectus issued by or on behalf

of a company, or by or on behalf of any person who is

or has been engaged or interested in the formation of the company, must state the matters specified in Part I

of the Fourth Schedule to this Act and set out the

reports specified in Part II of that Schedule, and the

said Parts I and II shall have effect subject to the

provisions contained in Part III of the said Schedule.

(2) A condition requiring or binding an applicant

for shares in or debentures of a company to waive

compliance with any requirement of this section, or

purporting to affect him with notice of any contract,

document, or matter not specifically referred to in the

prospectus, shall be void.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

307

(3) It shall not be lawful to issue any form of

application for shares in or debentures of a company

unless the form is issued with a prospectus which complies

with the requirements of this section:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply if

it is shown that the form of application was issued

either—

(a) in connection with a bona fide invitation to a

person to enter into an underwriting agreement

with respect to the shares or debentures; or

(b) in relation to shares or debentures which were

not offered to the public.

If any person acts in contravention of the provisions

of this subsection, he shall be liable to a fine ‘ not

exceeding five hundred pounds.

(4) In the event of non-compliance with or contravention of any of the requirements of this section,

a director or other person responsible for the prospectus

shall not incur any liability by reason of the non-

compliance or contravention, if—

(a) as regards any matter not disclosed, he proves

that he was not cognisant thereof; or

(b) he proves that the non-compliance or contravention arose from an honest mistake of fact on

his part; or

(c) the non-compliance or contravention was in

respect of matters which in the opinion of the

court dealing with the case were immaterial or

was otherwise such as ought, in the opinion of

that court, having regard to all the circumstances

of the case, reasonably to be excused:

Provided that, in the event of failure to include in

a prospectus a statement with respect to the matters

specified in paragraph 15 of Part I of the Fourth

Schedule to this Act, no director or other person shall

incur any liability in respect of the failure unless it be

proved that he had knowledge of the matters not

disclosed.

(5) This section shall not apply to the issue to

existing members or debenture holders of a company

of a prospectus or form of application relating to shares

Part II.

— cont.

308

Part II.

— font.

Restriction

on alteration of terms

mentioned in

prospectus

or statement

in lieu of

prospectus.

Liability for

statements

in prospectus.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

in or debentures of the company, whether an applicant

for shares or debentures will or will not have the right

to renounce in favour of other persons, but subject

as aforesaid, this section shall apply to a prospectus

or a form of application whether issued on or with

reference to the formation of a company or subsequently.

(6) Nothing in this section shall limit or diminish

any liability which any person may incur under the

general law or this Act apart from this section.

36. —(1) A company limited by shares or a company

limited by guarantee and having a share capital shall not

previously to the statutory meeting vary the terms of a

contract referred to in the prospectus, or statement in

lieu of prospectus, except subject to the approval of the

statutory meeting.

(2) This section shall not apply to a private company.

37. —(1) Where a prospectus invites persons to

subscribe for shares in or debentures of a company—•

(a) every person who is a director of the company

at the time of the issue of the prospectus; and

(b) every person who has authorised himself to be

named and is named in the prospectus as a

director or as having agreed to become a director

either immediately or after an interval of time;

and

(c) every person being a promoter of the company;

and

(d) every person who has authorised the issue of the

prospectus,

shall be liable to pay compensation to all persons who

subscribe for any shares or debentures on the faith of the prospectus for the loss or damage they may have

sustained by reason of any untrue statement therein,

or in any report or memorandum appearing on the face

thereof, or by reference incorporated therein or issued

therewith, unless it is proved—

(i) that having consented to become a director of the company he withdrew his consent before

the issue of the prospectus, and that it was

issued without his authority or consent; or

(ii) that the prospectus was issued without his

knowledge or consent, and that on becoming

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

309

aware of its issue he forthwith gave reasonable

public notice that it was issued without his

knowledge or consent; or

(iii) that after the issue of the prospectus and before

allotment thereunder, he, on becoming aware of

any untrue statement therein, withdrew his

consent thereto, and gave reasonable public

notice of the withdrawal, and of the reason

therefor; or

(iv) that—

(a) as regards every untrue statement not

purporting to be made on the authority of

an expert or of a public official document

or statement, he had reasonable ground

to believe, and did up to the time of the

allotment of the shares or debentures, as the

case may be, believe, that the statement was

true; and

(b) as regards every untrue statement

purporting to be a statement by an expert

or contained in what purports to be a copy

of or extract from a report or valuation

of an expert, it fairly represented the statement, or was a correct and fair copy of or

extract from the report or valuation; and

(c) as regards every untrue statement purporting to be a statement made by an official

person or contained in what purports to be a

copy of or extract from a public official document, it was a correct and fair representation of the statement or copy of or extract

from the document:

Provided that a person shall be liable to pay compensation as aforesaid if it is proved that he had no reasonable

ground to believe that the person making any such statement, report or valuation as is mentioned in paragraph

(iv) (6) of this subsection was competent to make it.

(2) Where the prospectus contains the name of a

person as a director of the company, or as having agreed

to become a director thereof, and he has not consented to

become a director, or has withdrawn his consent before

the issue of the prospectus, and has not authorised or

Part II.

— cont.

310

Part II.

— cont.

Document

containing

offer of

shares or

debentures

for sale to

be deemed

prospectus.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

consented to the issue thereof, the directors of the company, except any -without whose knowledge or consent

the prospectus was issued, and any other person who

authorised the issue thereof, shall be liable to indemnify

the person named as aforesaid against all damages,

costs, and expenses to which he may be made liable by

reason of his name having been inserted in the prospectus,

or in defending him self against any action or legal proceedings brought against him in respect thereof.

(3) Every person who, by reason of his being a

director or named as a director or as having agreed to

become a director, or of his having authorised the issue

of the prospectus, becomes liable to make any payment

under this section may recover contribution, as in cases

of contract, from any other person who, if sued separately, would have been liable to make the same payment,

unless the person who has become so liable was, and that

other person was not, guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

The expression "promoter" means a promoter

who was a party to the preparation of the

prospectus, or of the portion thereof containing the untrue statement, but does not

include any person by reason of his acting in

a professional capacity for persons engaged in

procuring the formation of the company:

The expression "expert " includes engineer, valuer,

accountant, and any ‘ other person whose

profession gives authority to a statement

made by him.

38.—(1) Where a company allots or agrees to allot

any shares in or debentures of the company with a

view to all or any of those shares or debentures being

offered for sale to the public, any document by which

the offer for sale to the public is made shall for all

purposes be deemed to be a prospectus issued by the

company, and all enactments and rules of law as to the

contents of prospectuses and to liability in respect of

statements in and omissions from prospectuses, or

otherwise relating to prospectuses, shall apply and have

effect accordingly, as if the shares or debentures had

been offered to the public for subscription and as if

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

311

persons accepting the offer in respect of any shares or

debentures were subscribers for those shares or debentures, but without prejudice to the liability, if any, of the persons by whom the offer is made, in respect of

mis-statements contained in the document or otherwise

in respect thereof.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, it shall, unless

the contrary is proved, be evidence that an allotment of,

or an agreement to allot, shares or debentures was made

with a view to the shares or debentures being offered

for sale to the public if it is shown—

(a) that an offer of the shares or debentures or of

any of them for sale to the public was made

within six months after the allotment or agreement to allot; or

(b) that at the date when the offer was made the

whole consideration to be received by the

company ip respect of the shares or debentures

had not been so received.

(3) Section thirty-four of this Act as applied by this

section shall have effect as though the persons making the

offer were persons named in a prospectus as directors of

a company, and section thirty-five of this Act as applied

by this section shall have effect as if it required a

prospectus to state in addition to the matters required

by that section to be stated in a prospectus—

(a) the net amount of the consideration received

or to be received by the company in respect

of the shares or debentures to which the offer

relates; and

(b) the place and time at which the contract under

which the said shares or debentures have been

or are to be allotted may be inspected.

(4) Where a person making an offer to which this

section relates is a company or a firm, it shall be sufficient

if the document aforesaid is signed on behalf of the

company or firm by two directors of the company or

not less than half of the partners, as the case may be,

and any such director or partner may sign by his agent

authorised in writing.

Part II.

—co nt.

312

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part] II.

— cont.

Prohibition

of allotment

unless

minimum

subscription

received.

Allotment.

39.—(1) No allotment shall be made of any share

capital of a company offered to the public for subscription

unless the amount stated in the prospectus as the minimum amount which, in the opinion of the directors, must

be raised by the issue of share capital in order to provide

for the matters specified in paragraph 5 in Part I. of the

Fourth Schedule to this Act has been subscribed, and the

sum payable on application for the amount so stated has

been paid to and received by the company.

For the purposes of this subsection, a sum shall be

deemed to have been paid to and received by the company

if a cheque for that sum has been received in good faith

by the company and the directors of the company have

no reason for suspecting that the cheque will not be paid.

(2) The amount so stated in the prospectus shall be

reckoned exclusively of any amount payable otherwise

than in cash and is in this Act referred to as " the

minimum subscription."

(3) The amount payable on application on each

share shall not be less than five per cent, of the nominal

amount of the share.

(4) If the conditions aforesaid have not been complied with on the expiration of forty days after the first

issue of the prospectus, all money received from applicants

for shares shall be forthwith repaid to them without

interest, and, if any such money is not so repaid within

forty-eight days after the issue of the prospectus, the

directors of the company shall be jointly and severally

liable to repay that money with interest at the rate of

five per centum per annum from the expiration of the

forty-eighth day:

Provided that a director shall not be liable if he

proves that the default in the repayment of the money

was not due to any misconduct or negligence on his part.

(5) Any condition requiring or binding any applicant

for shares to waive compliance with any requirement of this section shall be void.

(6) This section, except subsection (3) thereof, shall

not apply to any allotment of shares subsequent to the

first allotment of shares offered to the public for

subscription.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

313

40. —(1) A company having a share capital which

does not issue a prospectus on or with reference to its

formation, or which has issued such a prospectus but

has not proceeded to allot any of the shares offered to

the public for subscription, shall not allot any of its

shares or debentures unless at least three days before the

first allotment of either shares or debentures there has

been delivered to the registrar of companies for registration

a statement in lieu of prospectus, signed by every person

who is named therein as a director or a proposed director

of the company or by his agent authorised in writing, in

the form and containing the particulars set out in the Fifth

Schedule to this Act.

(2) This section shall not apply to a private

company.

(3) If a company acts in contravention of this

section, the company and every director of the company

who knowingly authorises or permits the contravention

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred

pounds.

41. —(1) An allotment made by a company to an

applicant in contravention of the provisions of the two

last foregoing sections of this Act, shall be voidable at

the instance of the applicant within one month after

the holding of the statutory meeting of the company

and not later, or, in any case where the company is

not required to hold a statutory meeting, or where the

allotment is made after the holding of the statutory

meeting, within one month after the date of the allotment, and not later, and shall be so voidable notwithstanding that the company is in course of being wound

up.

(2) If any director of a company knowingly contravenes, or permits or authorises the contravention of,

any of the provisions of the said sections with respect to

allotment, he shall be liable to compensate the company

and the allottee respectively for any loss, damages,

or costs which the company or the allottee may have

sustained or incurred thereby:

Provided that proceedings to recover any such loss,

damages, or costs shall not be commenced after the

expiration of two years from the date of the allotment.

Part II.

— cont.

Prohibition

of allotment in certain cases

unless statement in lieu

of prospectus delivered to

registrar.

Effect of

irregular

allotment.

314

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part H.

— cont.

Return as to

allotments.

54 & 55 Vict

c. 39.

42.—(1) Whenever a company limited by .shares

or a company limited by guarantee and having a share

capital makes any allotment of its shares, the company

shall within one month thereafter deliver to the registrar

of companies for registration—

(a) a return of the allotments, stating the number

and nominal amount of the shares comprised

in the allotment, the names, addresses, and

descriptions of the allottees, and the amount,

if any, paid or due and payable on each

share; and

(b) in the case of shares allotted as fully or partly

paid up otherwise than in cash, a contract

in writing constituting the title of the allottee

to the allotment together with any contract

of sale, or for services or other consideration

in respect of which that allotment was made,

such contracts being duly stamped, and a

return stating the number and nominal amount

of shares so allotted, the extent to which

they are to be treated as paid up, and the

consideration for which they have been allotted.

(2) Where such a contract as above mentioned is not

reduced to writing, the company shall within one month

after the allotment deliver to the registrar of companies

for registration the prescribed particulars of the contract

stamped with the same stamp duty as would have been

payable if the contract had been reduced to writing, and

those particulars shall be deemed to be an instrument

within the meaning of the Stamp Act, 1891, and the

registrar may, as a condition of filing the particulars,

require that the duty payable thereon be adjudicated

under section twelve of that Act.

(3) If default is made in complying with this

section, every director, manager, secretary, or other

officer of the company, who is knowingly a party

to the default, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds for every day during which the default

continues:

Provided that, in case of default in delivering to the

registrar of companies within one month after the

allotment any document required to be delivered by

this section, the company, or any person liable for the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

315

default, may apply to the court for relief, and the court, Part II.

if satisfied that the omission to deliver the document was cont -

accidental or due to inadvertence or that it is just and

equitable to grant relief, may make an order extending

the time for the delivery of the document for such period

as the court may think proper.

Commissions and Discounts.

43.—(1) It shall be lawful for a company to pay Power to

a commission to any person in consideration of his pay certain

subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely commis-

or conditionally, for any shares in the company, or

procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether of payment

absolute or conditional, for any shares in the company of all other

if— commia-

(a) the payment of the commission is authorised by cmmt/&"c.

the articles; and

(b) the commission paid or agreed to be paid does

not exceed ten per cent, of the price at which

the shares are issued or the amount or rate

authorised by the articles, whichever is the

less; and

(c) the amount or rate per cent, of the commission

paid or agreed to be paid is—

(i) in the case of shares offered to the public for subscription, disclosed in the

prospectus; or

(ii) in the case of shares not offered to the

public for subscription, disclosed in the statement in lieu of prospectus, or in a statement

in the prescribed form signed in like manner as

a statement in lieu of prospectus and

delivered before the payment of the commission to the registrar of companies for registration, and, where a circular or notice, not

being a prospectus, inviting subscription for

the shares is issued, also disclosed in that

circular or notice; and

(d) the number of shares which persons have agreed

for a commission to subscribe absolutely is

disclosed in manner aforesaid.

(2) Save as aforesaid, no company shall apply any

of its shares or capital money either directly or indirectly

316

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part II.

— cont.

Statement

in balance

sheet as to

commissions and

discounts.

Prohibition

of provision of

financial

assistance

in payment of any commission, discount, or allowance, to

any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing

to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally, for any

shares of the company, or procuring or agreeing to procure

subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional, for any

shares in the company, whether the shares or money be

so applied by being added to the purchase money of any

property acquired by the company or to the contract

price of any work to be executed for the company, or

the money be paid out of the nominal purchase money

or contract price, or otherwise.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the power

of any company to pay such brokerage as it has heretofore

been lawful for a company to pay.

(4) A vendor to, promoter of, or other person who

receives payment in money or shares from, a company

shall have and shall be deemed always to have had

power to apply any part of the money or shares so

received in payment of any commission, the payment

of which, if made directly by the company, would have

been legal under this section.

(5) If default is made in complying with the

provisions of this section relating to the delivery to the

registrar of the statement in the prescribed form, the

company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty-five

pounds.

44. —(1) Where a company has paid any sums

by way of commission in respect of any shares or debentures, or allowed any sums by way of discount in respect

of any debentures, the total amount so paid or allowed,

or so much thereof as has not been written off, shall be

stated in every balance sheet of the company until the

whole amount thereof has been written off.

(2) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

45. —(1) Subject as provided in this section, it shall

not be lawful for a company to give, whether directly or

indirectly, and whether by means of a loan, guarantee,

the provision of security or otherwise, any financial

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

317

assistance for the purpose of or in connection with a

purchase made or to be made by any person of any

shares in the company:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be taken

to prohibit—

(a) where the lending of money is part of the

ordinary business of a company, the lending of

money by the company in the ordinary course

of its business;

(b) the provision by a company, in accordance with

any scheme for the time being in force, of

money for the purchase by trustees of fully-

paid shares in the company to be held by or

for the benefit of employees of the company,

including any director holding a salaried

employment or office in the company;

(c) the making by a company of loans to persons,

other than directors, bona fide in the employment of the company with a view to enabling

those persons to purchase fully-paid shares in

the company to be held by themselves by way

of beneficial ownership.

(2) The aggregate amount of any outstanding loans

made under the authority of provisos (b) and (c) to

subsection (1) of this section shall be shown as a separate

item in every balance sheet of the company.

(3) If a company acts in contravention of this

section, the company and every officer of the company

who is in default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds.

Issue of Redeemable Preference Shares and Shares

at Discount.

46.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a

company limited by shares may, if so authorised by its

articles, issue preference shares which are, or at the

option of the company are to be liable, to be redeemed:

Provided that—

(a) no such shares shall be redeemed except out

of profits of the company which would otherwise be available for dividend or out of the

Part II.

— cont.

by company

for purchase of its

own shares.

Power to

issue redeemable

preference

shares.

318

Part II.

— cont.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

proceeds of a fresh issue of shares made

for the purposes of the redemption;

(b) no such shares shall be redeemed unless they

are fully paid;

(c) where any such shares are redeemed otherwise

than out of the proceeds of a fresh issue, there

shall out of profits which would otherwise

have been available for dividend be transferred to a reserve fund, to be called "the

capital redemption reserve fund, " a sum

equal to the amount applied in redeeming

the shares, and the provisions of this Act

relating to the reduction of the share capital

of a company shall, except as provided in this

section, apply as if the capital redemption

reserve fund were paid-up share capital of the company;

(d) where any such shares are redeemed out of the proceeds of a fresh issue, the premium,

if any, payable on redemption, must have

been provided for out of the profits of the

company before the shares are redeemed.

(2) There shall be included in every balance sheet

of a company which has issued redeemable preference

shares a statement specifying what part of the issued

capital of the company consists of such shares and the

date on or before which those shares are, or are to be

liable, to be redeemed.

If a company fails to comply with the provisions of this subsection, the company and every officer of the

company who is in default shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, the

redemption of preference shares thereunder may be

effected on such terms and in such manner as may be

provided by the articles of the company.

(4) Where in pursuance of this section a company

has redeemed or is about to redeem any preference

shares, it shall have power to issue shares up to the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

319

nominal amount of the shares redeemed or to be

redeemed as if those shares had never been issued, and

accordingly the share capital of the company shall not

for the purposes of any enactments relating to stamp

duty be deemed to be increased by the issue of shares

in pursuance of this subsection:

Provided that, where new shares are issued before

the redemption of the old shares, the new shares shall not,

so far as relates to stamp duty, be deemed to have been

issued in pursuance of this subsection unless the old

shares are redeemed within one month after the issue of the new shares.

(5) Where new shares have been issued in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection, the capital

redemption reserve fund may, notwithstanding anything

in this section, be applied by the company, up to an

amount equal to the nominal amount of the shares so

issued, in paying up unissued shares of the company to

be issued to members of the company as fully paid

bonus shares.

47.—(1) Subject as provided in this section, it shall

be lawful for a company to issue at a discount shares in

the company of a class already issued:

Provided that—

(a) the issue of the shares at a discount must be

authorised by resolution passed in general

meeting of the company, and must be

sanctioned by the court;

(b) the resolution must specify the maximum rate

of discount at which the shares are to be

issued;

(c) not less than one year must at the date of the issue have elapsed since the date on which

the company was entitled to commence

business;

(d) the shares to be issued at a discount must be

issued within one month after the date on

which the issue is sanctioned by the court or

within such extended time as the court may

allow.

Part II.

— cent.

Power to

issue shares

at a discount.

320

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part II.

—cont.

Power of

company to

arrange for

different

amounts

being paid

on shares.

Reserve liability of

limited

company.

(2) Where a company has passed a resolution

authorising the issue of shares at a discount, it may

apply to the court for an order sanctioning the issue,

and on any such application the court, if, having regard

to all the circumstances of the case, it thinks proper so

to do, may make an order sanctioning the issue on such

terms and conditions as it thinks fit.

(3) Every prospectus relating to the issue of the

shares and every balance sheet issued by the company

subsequently to the issue of the shares must contain

particulars of the discount allowed on the issue of the

shares or of so much of that discount as has not been

written off at the date of the issue of the document in

question.

If default is made in complying with this subsection,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

Miscellaneous Provisions as to Share Capital.

48. A company, if so authorised by its articles, may

do any one or more of the following things—

(1) Make arrangements on the issue of shares for a

difference between the shareholders in the

amounts and times of payment of calls on their

shares:

(2) Accept from any member the whole or a part

of the amount remaining unpaid on any shares

held by him, although no part of that amount

has been called up:

(3) Pay dividend in proportion to the amount paid

up on each share where a larger amount is

paid up on some shares than on others.

49. A limited company may by special resolution

determine that any portion of its share capital which

has not been already called up shall not be capable of

being called up, except in the event and for the purposes

of the company being wound up, and thereupon that

portion of its share capital shall not be capable of being

called up except in the event and for the purposes

aforesaid.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

321

50 .—(1)A company limited by shares or a company p A r t jj

limited by guarantee and having a share capital, if so —-c ont.

authorised by its articles, may alter the conditions of its Power 0 f

memorandum as follows, that is to say, it may— company

limited by

(a) increase its share capital by new shares of such shares to

amount as it thinks expedient; alter its

share

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital.

capital into shares of larger amount than its

existing shares;

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up shares into

stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up

shares of any denomination;

(d) subdivide its shares, or any of them, into shares

of smaller amount than is fixed by the memorandum, so, however, that in the subdivision the

proportion between the amount paid and the

amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced share

shall be the same as it was in the case of the

share from which the reduced share is derived;

(e) cancel shares which, at the date of the passing of the resolution in that behalf, have not been

taken or agreed to be taken by any person, and

diminish the amount of its share capital by the

amount of the shares so cancelled.

(2) The powers conferred by this section must be

exercised by the company in general meeting.

(3) A cancellation of shares in pursuance of this

section shall not be deemed to be a reduction of share

capital within the meaning of this Act.

51 —(1)If a company having a share capital Notice to

has— registrar of

consolida-

(a) consolidated and divided its share capital nito tion of share

shares of larger amount than its existing shares; capital,

or conversion

of shares

(i b)converted any shares into stock; or into stock.

&c.

(c) re-converted stock into shares; or

(d) subdivided its shares or any of them; or

(c) redeemed any redeemable preference shares; or

X

322

pabt n.

— cont.

Notice of

increase of

share

capital.

Power of unlimited company to provide for reserve share

capital on

re-registration.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(f) cancelled any shares, otherwise than in connection with a reduction of share capital under

section fifty-five of this Act,

it shall within one month after so doing give notice

thereof to the registrar of companies specifying, as the case

may he, the shares consolidated, divided, converted, subdivided, redeemed or cancelled, or the stock rc-convertecl.

(2) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every officer of the company who is

in default shall be liable to a default fine.

52 . — (1)Where a company having a share capital,

whether its shares have or have not been converted into

stock, has increased its share capital beyond the registered

capital, it shall within fifteen days after the passing of the resolution authorising the increase, give to the registrar of companies notice of the increase, and the

registrar shall record the increase.

(2) The notice to be given as aforesaid shall include

such particulars as may be prescribed with respect to the

classes of shares affected and the conditions subject to which

the new shares have been or are to be issued, and there

shall be forwarded to the registrar of companies together

with the notice a printed copy of the resolution authorising

the increase.

(3) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

53 . An unlimited company having a share capital

may, by its resolution for registration as a limited

company in pursuance of this Act, do either or both of the following things, namely :—

(1) Increase the nominal amount of its share capital

by increasing the nominal amount of each of

its shares, but subject to the condition that

no part of the increased capital shall be capable

of being called up except in the event and for

the purposes of the company being wound up;

(2) Provide that a specified portion of its uncalled

share capital shall not be capable of being

called up except in the event and for the

purposes of the company being wound up.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

uv 323

54 . — (1)Where any shares of a company are issued

for the purpose of raising money to defray the expenses

of the construction of any works or buildings or the provision of any plant which cannot be made profitable for

a lengthened period, the company may pay interest on

so much of that share capital as is for the time being

paid up for the period and subject to the conditions and

restrictions in this section mentioned, and may charge

the sum so paid by way of interest to capital as part of the cost of construction of the work or building, or the

provision of plant:

Provided that—

Part II.

—co nt.

Power of

company to

pay interest

out of

capital in

certain

cases.

(a) No such payment shall be made unless it

is authorised by the articles or by special

resolution:

(b) No such payment, whether authorised by the

articles or by special resolution, shall be

made without the previous sanction of the

Board of Trade:

(c) Before sanctioning any such payment the

Board of Trade may, at the expense of the

company, appoint a person to inquire and

report to them as to the circumstances of the case, and may, before making the appointment, require the company to give security

for the payment of the costs of the inquiry:

(d) The payment shall be made only for such

period as may be determined by the Board

of Trade, and that period shall in no case

extend beyond the close of the half year next

after the half year during which the works

or buildings have been actually completed or

the plant provided:

(c) The rate of interest shall in no case exceed

four per cent, per annum or such other rate

as may for the time being be prescribed by

Order in Council:

(f) The payment of the interest shall not operate as

a reduction of the amount paid up on the

shares in respect of which it is paid:

(g) The accounts of the company shall show the

share capital on which, and the rate at which,

interest has been paid out of capital during

the period to which the accounts relate:

324

Part II.

— cont.

57 & 58 Vict,

o. 12.

Special

resolution

for reduction of

share

capital.

Application

to court for

confirming

order,

objections

by creditors,

and settlement of list

of objecting

creditors.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(h) Nothing in this section shall affect any company to which the Indian Railways Act,

1894, as amended by any subsequent enactment, applies.

(2) If default is made in complying with proviso (g)

to subsection (1) of this section, the company and every

officer of the company who is in default shall be liable

to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Reduction of Share Capital.

55. —(1) Subject to confirmation by the court, a

company limited by shares or a company limited by

guarantee and having a share capital may, if so authorised

by its articles, by special resolution reduce its share

capital in any way, and in particular, without prejudice

to the generality of the foregoing power, may—

(a) extinguish or reduce the liability on any of its

shares in respect of share capital not paid up;

or

(b) either with or without extinguishing or reducing

liability on any of its shares, cancel any paid-up

share capital which is lost or unrepresented by

available assets; or

(c) either with or without extinguishing or reducing

liability on any of its shares, pay off any

paid-up share capital which is in excess of the

wants of the company,

and may, if and so far as is necessary, alter its memorandum by reducing the amount of its share capital and

of its shares accordingly.

(2) A special resolution under this section is in this Act referred to as "a resolution for reducing share

capital."

56. —(1) Where a company has passed a resolution

for reducing share capital, it may apply by petition to the

court for an order confirming the reduction.

(2) Where the proposed reduction of share capital

involves either diminution of liability in respect of

unpaid share capital or the payment to any shareholder

of any paid-up share capital, and in any other case if the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

325

court so directs, the following provisions shall have effect,

subject nevertheless to the next following subsection :—

(a) Every creditor of the company who at the date

fixed by the court is entitled to any debt or

claim which, if that date were the commencement of the winding up of the company, would

be admissible in proof against the company,

shall be entitled to object to the reduction:

(b) The court shall settle a list of creditors so

entitled to object, and for that purpose shall

ascertain, as far as possible without requiring

an application from any creditor, the names of

those creditors and the nature and amount of

their debts or claims, and may publish notices

fixing a day or days within which creditors

not entered on the fist are to claim to be so

entered or are to be excluded from the right of

objecting to the reduction:

(c) Where a creditor entered on the fist whose debt

or claim is not discharged or has not determined

does not consent to the reduction, the court may,

if it thinks fit, dispense with the consent of that

creditor, on the company securing payment of

his debt or claim by appropriating, as the court

may direct, the following amount:—

(i) If the company admits the full amount

of the debt or claim, or, though not admitting

it, is willing to provide for it, then the full

amount of the debt or claim;

(ii) If the company does not admit and is

not willing to provide for the full amount of the

debt or claim, or if the amount is contingent

or not ascertained, then an amount fixed by

the court after the like inquiry and adjudication as if the company were being wound up

by the court.

(3) Where a proposed reduction of share capital

involves either the diminution of any liability in respect

of unpaid share capital or the payment to any shareholder

of any paid-up share capital, the court may, if having

regard to any special circumstances of the case it thinks

proper so to do, direct that subsection (2) of this section

shall not apply as regards any class or any classes of

creditors.

Part II.

— cont.

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

320

Part II

— cont.

Order con-

lirwing reduction and

powers of

court on

making

such order.

Registration of order

and minute

of reduction.

57. —(1) The court, if satisfied, with respect to every

creditor of the company who under the last foregoing

section is entitled to object to the reduction, that either

his consent to the reduction has been obtained or his debt

or claim has been discharged or has determined, or

has been secured, may make an order confirming the

reduction on such terms and conditions as it thinks fit.

(2) Where the court makes any such order, it

may—

(a) if for any special reason it thinks proper so to do,

make an order directing that the company shall,

during such period, commencing on or at any

time after the date of the order, as is specified

in the order, add to its name as the last words

thereof the words "and reduced "; and

(b) make an order requiring the company to publish

as the court directs the reasons for reduction or

such other information in regard thereto as the

court may think expedient with a view to giving

proper information to the public, and, if the

court thinks fit, the causes which led to the

reduction.

(3) Where a company is ordered to add to its name

the words "and reduced, " those words shall, until the

expiration of the period specified in the order, be deemed

to be part of the name of the company.

58. —(1) The registrar of companies, on production

to him of an order of the court confirming the reduction

of the share capital of a company, and the delivery to

him of a copy of the order and of a minute approved

by the court, showing with respect to the share capital

of the company, as altered by the order, the amount of the share capital, the number of shares into which it is

to be divided, and the amount of each share, and the

amount, if any, at the date of the registration deemed to

be paid up on each share, shall register the order and

minute.

(2) On the registration of the order and minute, and

not before, the resolution for reducing share capital as

confirmed by the order so registered shall take effect.

(3) Notice of the registration shall be published in

such manner as the court may direct.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

327

(4) The registrar shall certify under his hand the Part II.

registration of the order and minute, and his certificate —cont.

shall be conclusive evidence that all the requirements of this Act with respect to reduction of share capital have

been complied with, and that the share capital of the

company is such as is stated in the minute.

(5) The minute when registered shall be deemed to

be substituted for the corresponding part of the memorandum, and shall be valid and alterable as if it had been

originally contained therein.

(6) The substitution of any such minute as aforesaid

for part of the memorandum of the company shall be

deemed to be an alteration of the memorandum within

the meaning of section twenty-four of this Act.

59.—(1) In the case of a reduction of share capital. Liability of

a member of the company, past or present, shall not be members in

liable in respect of any share to any call or contribution respect of

exceeding in amount the difference, if any, between the

amount of the share as fixed by the minute and the 8 are3 ‘

amount paid, or the reduced amount, if any, which is to

be deemed to have been paid, on the share, as the case

may be:

Provided that, if any creditor, entitled in respect of

any debt or claim to object to the reduction of share

capital, is, by reason of his ignorance of the proceedings

for reduction, or of their nature and effect with respect

to his claim, not entered on the list of creditors, and,

after the reduction, the company is unable, within the

meaning of the provisions of this Act with respect to

winding up by the court, to pay the amount of his debt

or claim, then—

(a) every person who was a member of the company

at the date of the registration of the order for

reduction and minute, shall be liable to contribute for the payment of that debt or claim

an amount not exceeding the amount which he

would have been liable to contribute if the

company had commenced to be wound up on

the day before the said date; and

(b) if the company is wound up, the court, on the

application of any such creditor and proof of

his ignorance as aforesaid, may, if it thinks fit,

328

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part ]J.

— cont.

Penalty on

concealment

of name of

creditor.

Eights of

holders of

special

classes of

shares.

settle accordingly a list of persons so liable to

contribute, and make and enforce calls and

orders on the contributories settled on the list,

as if they were ordinary contributories in a

winding up.

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect the rights of the contributories among themselves.

60. If any director, manager, secretary or other

officer of the company—

(1) wilfully conceals the name of any creditor

entitled to object to the reduction; or

(2) wilfully misrepresents the nature or amount of the debt or claim of any creditor; or

(3) aids, abets or is privy to any such concealment

or misrepresentation as aforesaid,

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

Variation of Shareholders' Rights.

61.'—(I) If in the case of a company, the share

capital of which is divided into different classes of

shares, provision is made by the memorandum or

articles for authorising the variation of the rights

attached to any class of shares in the company,

subject to the consent of any specified proportion

of the holders of the issued shares of that class or

the sanction of a resolution passed at a separate

meeting of the holders of those shares, and in pursuance

of the said provision the rights attached to any such

class of shares are at any time varied, the holders of not

less in the aggregate than fifteen per cent, of the issued

shares of that class, being persons who did not consent

to or vote in favour of the resolution for the variation,

may apply to the court to have the variation cancelled,

and, where any such application is made, the variation

shall not have effect unless and until it is confirmed by

the court.

(2) An application under this section must be made

within seven days after the date on which the consent

was given or the resolution was passed, as the case

may be, and may be made on behalf of the shareholders

entitled to make the application by such one or more

of their number as they may appoint in writing for the

purpose.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

329

(3) On any such application the court, after hearing Part II.

the applicant and any other persons who apply to the —cont.

court to be heard and appear to the court to be interested

in the application, may, if it is satisfied, having regard

to all the circumstances of the case, that the variation

would unfairly prejudice the shareholders of the class

represented by the applicant, disallow the variation and

shall, if not so satisfied, confirm the variation.

(4) The decision of the court on any such application

shall be final.

(5) The company shall within fifteen days after the

making of an order by the court on any such application

forward a copy of the order to the registrar of companies,

and, if default is made in complying with this provision,

the company and every officer of the company who is

in default shall be liable to a default fine.

(6) The expression "variation " in this section

includes abrogation and the expression "varied " shall

be construed accordingly.

Transfer of Shares and Debentures, Evidence of

Title, dbc.

62. —(1) The shares or other interest of any member Nature of

in a company shall be personal estate, transferable in shares,

manner provided by the articles of the company, and

shall not be of the nature of real estate.

(2) Each share in a company having a share capital

shall be distinguished by its appropriate number.

63. Notwithstanding anything in the articles of a Transfer

company, it shall not be lawful for the company to not to be

register a transfer of shares in or debentures of the registered

company unless a proper instrument of transfer has

been delivered to the company:G f j nstru ,

Provided that nothing in this section shall prejudice ment of

any power of the company to register as shareholder transfer,

or debenture holder any person to whom the right to

any shares in or debentures of the company has been

transmitted by operation of law.

64. A transfer of the share or other interest of a Transfer by

deceased member of a company made by his personal personal

representative shall, although the personal representa- representative is not himself a member of the company, be as valid tire '

330

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part II.

— cont.

Registration

of transfer

at request of

transferor.

Notice of

refusal to

register

transfer.

Duties of

company

with respect

to issue of

certificates.

as if he had been such a member at the time of the

execution of the instrument of transfer.

65. On the application of the transferor of any

share or interest in a company, the company shall enter

in its register of members the name of the transferee in

the same manner and subject to the same conditions

as if the application for the entry were made by the

transferee.

66. —(1) If a company refuses to register a transfer

of any shares or debentures, the company shall, within

two months after the date on which the transfer was

lodged with the company, send to the transferee notice

of the refusal.

(2) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company who is knowingly a party

to the default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five

pounds for every day during which the default continues.

67. —(1) Every company shall, within two months

after the allotment of any of its shares, debentures, or

debenture stock, and within two months after the date

on which a transfer of any such shares, debentures, or

debenture stock, is lodged with the company, complete

and have ready for delivery the certificates of all shares,

the debentures, and the certificates of all debenture

stock allotted or transferred, unless the conditions of

issue of the shares, debentures, or debenture stock

otherwise provide.

The expression "transfer " for the purpose of this

subsection means a transfer duly stamped and otherwise

valid, and does not include such a transfer as the company is for any reason entitled to refuse to register and

does not register.

(2) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company who is knowingly a party

to the default shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five

pounds for every day during which the default continues.

(3) If any company on whom a notice has been

served requiring the company to make good any default

in complying with the provisions of subsection (1) of this

section fails to make good the default within ten days

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

331

after the service of the notice, the court may, on the Part II.

application of the person entitled to have the certificates — cont.

or the debentures delivered to him, make an order

directing the company and any officer of the company to

make good the default within such time as may be

specified in the order, and any such order may provide

that all costs of and incidental to the application shall

be borne by the company or by any officer of the company

responsible for the default.

68. A certificate, under the common seal of the Certificateto

company, specifying any shares held by any member, be evidence

shall be prima facie evidence of the title of the member ° *

to the shares.

69. The production to a company of any document Evidence of

which is by law sufficient evidence of probate of the grant of

will, or letters of administration of the estate, or probate,

confirmation as executor, of a deceased person having

been granted to some person shall be accepted by the

company, notwithstanding anything in its articles, as

sufficient evidence of the grant.

70. —(1) A company limited by shares, if so j ssue an , j

authorised by its articles, may, with respect to any effect of

fully paid-up shares, issue under its common seal a share

warrant stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled warrants to

to the shares therein specified, and may provide, by >earcr -

coupons or otherwise, for the payment of the future

dividends on the shares included in the warrant.

(2) Such a warrant as aforesaid is in this Act

termed a " share warrant."

(3) A share warrant shall entitle the bearer thereof

to the shares therein specified, and the shares may be

transferred by delivery of the warrant.

71. If any person falsely and deceitfully per- Penalty for

sonates any owner of any share or interest in any persona-

company, or of any share warrant or coupon, issued tl . on of

in pursuance of this Act, and thereby obtains or endea- 8 arell °l<ler.

vours to obtain any such share or interest or share

warrant or coupon, or receives or endeavours to receive

any money due to any such owner, as if the offender were

the true and lawful owner, he shall be guilty of felony,

and shall on conviction thereof be liable, at the discretion of the court, to be kept in penal servitude for

life or for any term not less than three years.

332

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part II.

— cont.

Offences in

connection

with share

warrants in

Scotland.

72.—(1) If in Scotland any person—

(a) with intent to defraud, forges or alters, or

offers, utters, disposes of, or puts off, knowing

the same to be forged or altered, any share

warrant or coupon, or any document purporting to be a share warrant or coupon,

issued in pursuance of this Act; or

(£>) by means of any such forged or altered share

warrant, coupon, or document, purporting as

aforesaid, demands or endeavours to obtain

or receive any share or interest in any

company under this Act, or to receive any

dividend or money payable in respect thereof,

knowing the warrant, coupon, or document

to be forged or altered;

he shall be guilty of felony and shall on conviction

thereof be liable at the discretion of the court to be kept

in penal servitude for life or for any term not less than

three years.

(2) If in Scotland any person without lawful

authority or excuse, proof whereof shall lie on him—•

(a) engraves or makes on any plate, wood, stone,

or other material any share warrant or coupon

purporting to be—

(i) a share warrant or coupon issued or

made by any particular company in pursuance of this Act; or

(ii) a blank share warrant or coupon so

issued or made; or

(iii) a part of such a share warrant or

coupon; or

(b) uses any such plate, wood, stone, or other

material for the making or printing of any such

share warrant or coupon, or of any such blank

share warrant or coupon, or any part thereof

respectively; or

(c) knowingly has in his custody or possession any

such plate, wood, stone, or other material;

he shall be guilty of felony, and shall on conviction

thereof be liable, at the discretion of the court, to be kept

in penal servitude for any term not exceeding fourteen

years and not less than three years.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

333

Special Provisions as to Debentures.

73. —(1) Every register of holders of debentures

of a company shall, except when duly closed, be open

to the inspection of the registered holder of any such

debentures, and of any holder of shares in the company,

but subject to such reasonable restrictions as the company

may in general meeting impose, so that not less than

two hours in each day shall be allowed for inspection.

For the purposes of this subsection, a register shall

be deemed to be duly closed if closed in accordance with

provisions contained in the articles or in the debentures

or, in the case of debenture stock, in the stock certificates, or in the trust deed or other document securing

the debentures or debenture stock, during such period

or periods, not exceeding in the whole thirty days in

any year, as may be therein specified.

(2) Every registered holder of debentures and every

holder of shares in a company may require a copy of the

register of the holders of debentures of the company or

any part thereof on payment of sixpence for every

hundred words required to be copied.

(3) A copy of any trust deed for securing any issue

of debentures shall be forwarded to every holder of any

such debentures at his request on payment in the case

of a printed trust deed of the sum of one shilling or such

less sum as may be prescribed by the company, or, where

the trust deed has not been printed, on payment

of sixpence for every hundred words required to be

copied.

(4) If inspection is refused, or a copy is refused or

not forwarded, the company and every officer of the

company who is in default shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding five pounds, and further shall be liable to a

default fine of two pounds.

(5) Where a company is in default as aforesaid, the

court may by order compel an immediate inspection of the register or direct that the copies required shall be

sent to the person requiring them.

74. A condition contained in any debentures or in

any deed for securing any debentures, whether issued or

executed before or after the commencement of this Act,

shall not be invalid by reason only that the debentures

Part II.

■— cont.

Right of debenture

holders and

shareholders to

inspect

register of

debenture

holders and

to have

copies of

trust deed.

Perpetual

debentures.

334

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Past ii. are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the

— cont. happening of a contingency, however remote, or on the

expiration of a period, however long, any rule of equity

to the contrary notwithstanding.

75.-(1) Where either before or after the commencement of this Act a company has redeemed any

debentures previously issued, then—

(a) unless any provision to the contrary, whether

express or implied, is contained in the articles

or in any contract entered into by the company; or

(b) unless the company has, by passing a resolution

to that effect or by some other act, manifested

its intention that the debentures shall be cancelled,

the company shall have, and shall be deemed always

to have had, power to re-issue the debentures, either

by re-issuing the same debentures or by issuing other

debentures in their place.

(2) On a re-issue of redeemed debentures the person

entitled to the debentures shall have, and shall be

deemed always to have had, the same priorities as if

the debentures had never been redeemed.

(3) Where a company has power to re-issue debentures which have been redeemed, particulars with

respect to the debentures which can be so re-issued

shall be included in every balance sheet of the company.

(4) Where a company has either before or after the

passing of this Act deposited any of its debentures to

secure advances from time to time on current account or

otherwise, the debentures shall not be deemed to have

been redeemed by reason only of the account of the

company having ceased to be in debit whilst the debentures remained so deposited.

(5) The re-issue of a debenture or the issue of

another debenture in its place under the power by this

section given to, or deemed to have been possessed by,

a company, whether the re-issue or issue was made

before or after the passing of this Act, shall be treated

as the issue of a new debenture for the purposes of stamp

duty, but it shall not be so treated for the purposes of

any provision limiting the amount or number of debentures to be issued:

Power to

re-issue redeemed debentures in

certain

cases.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

335

Provided that any person lending money on the Part II.

security of a debenture re-issued under this section which — coni -

appears to be duly stamped may give the debenture in

evidence in any proceedings for enforcing his security

■without payment of the stamp duty or any penalty in

respect thereof, unless he had notice or, but for his

negligence, might have discovered, that the debenture

was not duly stamped, but in any such case the company

shall be liable to pay the proper stamp duty and penalty.

(6) Where any debentures which have been redeemed before the date of the commencement of this Act are re-issued subsequently to that date, the re-issue

of the debentures shall not prejudice any right or priority

which any person would have had under or by virtue of

any mortgage or charge created before the date of the

commencement of this Act, if section one hundred and

four of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, as 8Edw. 7.

originally enacted, had been enacted in this Act instead o. 69.

of this section.

76. A contract with a company to take up and Specific pcrfonn-

. 11. r, 1 x 1 C 1 Mice of contracts

pay for any debentures of the company may be enforced to Rubacribe for

i i *1. .. debentures.

by an order for specific performance.

77. It is hereby declared that, notwithstanding Validity of

anything contained in the statute of the Scots Parlia- debentures

ment of 1696, chapter twenty-five, debentures to bearer to bearer in

issued in Scotland are valid and binding according to Scotland -

their terms.

78.—(1) Where, in the case of a company registered

in England, either a receiver is appointed on behalf of the holders of any debentures of the company secured

by a floating charge, or possession is taken by or on

behalf of those debenture holders of any property comprised in or subject to the charge, then, if the company

is not at the time in course of being wound up, the debts

which in every winding-up are under the provisions of

Part V of this Act relating to preferential payments to

be paid in priority to all other debts, shall be paid out

of any assets coming to the hands of the receiver or other

person taking possession as aforesaid in priority to any

claim for principal or interest in respect of the debentures.

(2) The periods of time mentioned in the said provisions of Part V of this Act shall be reckoned from the

Payment of

certain

debts out of

assets subject to

floating

charge in

priority to

claims under

the charge.

336

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part II.

— cont.

Registration

of charges

created by

companies

registered

in England.

date of the appointment of the receiver or of possession

being taken as aforesaid, as the case may be.

(3) Any payments made under this section shall be

recouped as far as may be out of the assets of the company

available for payment of general creditors.

Part III.

Registration of Charges.

Registration of Charges with Registrar of Companies.

79.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, every charge created after the fixed date by a

company registered in England and being a charge to

which this section applies shall, so far as any security

on the company’s property or undertaking is conferred

thereby, be void against the liquidator and any creditor

of the company, unless the prescribed particulars of the

charge, together with the instrument, if any, by which the

charge is created or evidenced, are delivered to or received

by the registrar of companies for registration in manner

required by this Act within twenty-one days after the

date of its creation, but without prejudice to any contract

or obligation for repayment of the money thereby secured,

and when a charge becomes void under this section

the money secured thereby shall immediately become

payable.

(2) This section applies to the following charges :—

(a) a charge for the purpose of securing any issue

of debentures;

(b) a charge on uncalled share capital of the

company;

(c) a charge created or evidenced by an instrument which, if executed by an individual,

would require registration as a bill of sale;

(d) a charge on land, wherever situate, or any

interest therein;

e) a charge on book debts of the company;

1929.

Ch. 23.

337

Companies Act, 1929.

(f) a floating charge on the undertaking or Part in.

property of the company; — cont.

(g) a charge on calls made but not paid;

(h) a charge on a ship or any share in a ship;

(i) a charge on goodwill, on a patent or a licence

under a patent, on a trademark or on a

copyright or a licence under a copyright.

(3) In the case of a charge created out of the

United Kingdom comprising solely property situate outside the United Kingdom, the delivery to and the

receipt by the registrar of a copy verified in the

prescribed manner of the instrument by which the

charge is created or evidenced, shall have the same

effect for the purposes of this section as the delivery and

receipt of the instrument itself, and twenty-one days

after the date on which the instrument or copy could,

in due course of post, and if despatched with due

diligence, have been received in the United Kingdom,

shall be substituted for twenty-one days after the date

of the creation of the charge, as the time within

which the particulars and instrument or copy are to

be delivered to the registrar.

(4) Where a charge is created in the United Kingdom

but comprises property outside the United Kingdom, the

instrument creating or purporting to create the charge

may be sent for registration under this section notwithstanding that further proceedings may be necessary to

make the charge valid or effectual according to the law

of the country in which the property is situate.

(5) Where a charge comprises property situate in

Scotland or Northern Ireland and registration in the

country where the property is situate is necessary to

make the charge valid or effectual according to the law

of that country, the delivery to and the receipt by the

registrar of a copy verified in the prescribed manner

of the instrument by wdiich the charge is created or

evidenced, together with a certificate in the prescribed

form stating that the charge was presented for registration in Scotland or Northern Ireland, as the case may

be, on the date on which it was so presented shall, for

the purposes of this section, have the same effect as

the delivery and receipt of the instrument itself.

Y

338

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part TIT.

—co nt.

(6) Where a negotiable instrument has been given

to secure the payment of any book debts of a company

the deposit of the instrument for the purpose of securing

an advance to the company shall not for the purposes

of this section be treated as a charge on those book

debts.

(7) The holding of debentures entitling the holder to

a charge on land shall not for the purposes of this section

be deemed to be an interest in land.

(8) Where a series of debentures containing, or

giving by reference to any other instrument, any charge

to the benefit of which the debenture holders of that

series are entitled pari passu is created by a company, it

shall for the purposes of this section be sufficient if there

are delivered to or received by the registrar within

twenty-one days after the execution of the deed containing the charge or, if there is no such deed, after the

execution of any debentures of the series, the following

particulars:—

(a) the total amount secured by the whole series;

and

(b) the dates of the resolutions authorising the issue

of the series and the date of the covering deed,

if any, by which the security is created or

defined; and

(c) a general description of the property charged;

and

(d) the names of the trustees, if any, for the debenture holders;

together with the deed containing the charge, or, if there

is no such deed, one of the debentures of the series:

Provided that, where more than one issue is made of

debentures in the series, there shall be sent to the registrar

for entry in the register particulars of the date and

amount of each issue, but an omission to do this shall

not affect the validity of the debentures issued.

(9) Where any commission, allowance, or discount

has been paid or made either directly or indirectly by

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

339

a company to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or

conditionally, for any debentures of the company, or

procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether

absolute or conditional, for any such debentures, the

particulars required to be sent for registration under this

section shall include particulars as to the amount or rate

per cent, of the commission, discount, or allowance so

paid or made, but omission to do this shall not affect

the validity of the debentures issued:

Provided that the deposit of any debentures as

security for any debt of the company shall not for the

purposes of this subsection be treated as the issue of the

debentures at a discount.

(10) In this Part of this Act—

(a) the expression "charge " includes mortgage;

(b) the expression "the fixed date" means in

relation to the charges specified in paragraphs (a) to (/), both inclusive, of subsection (2) of this section, the first day

of July, nineteen hundred and eight, and

in relation to the charges specified in paragraphs (g) to (i), both inclusive, of the said

subsection, the commencement of this Act.

80.—(1) It shall be the duty of a company to send

to the registrar of companies for registration the particulars of every charge created by the company and

of the issues of debentures of a series, requiring registration under the last foregoing section, but registration

of any such charge may be effected on the application

of any person interested therein.

(2) Where registration is effected on the application

of some person other than the company, that person

shall be entitled to recover from the company the amount

of any fees properly paid by him to the registrar on the

registration.

(3) If any company makes default in sending to

the registrar for registration the particulars of any

charge created by the company, or of the issues of

debentures of a series, requiring registration as aforesaid,

then, unless the registration has been effected on the

application of some other person, the company and every

Part III.

— ront.

Duty of

company

to register

charges

created by

company.

340

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part III.

— cent.

Duty of

company to

register

charges

existing on

property

acquired.

Register of

charges to

be kept by

registrar of

companies.

director, manager, secretary or other person, who is

knowingly a party to the default shall be liable to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during

which the default continues.

81 . —(1) Where after the commencement of this Act

a company registered in England acquires any property

which is subject to a charge of any such kind as would,

if it had been created by the company after the acquisition of the property, have been required to be registered

under this Part of this Act, the company shall cause the

prescribed particulars of the charge, together with a copy

(certified in the prescribed manner to be a correct copy)

of the instrument, if any, by winch the charge was created

or is evidenced, to be delivered to the registrar of

companies for registration in manner required by this Act within twenty-one days after the date on which

the acquisition is completed:

Provided that, if the property is situate and the

charge was created outside Great Britain, twenty-one

days after the date on which the copy of the instrument

could in due course of post, and if despatched with due

diligence, have been received in the United Kingdom shall

be substituted for twenty-one days after the completion of the acquisition as the time within which the particulars

and the copy of the instrument are to be delivered to

the registrar.

(2) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine of fifty pounds.

82 . — (1)The registrar of companies shall keep, with

respect to each company, a register in the prescribed form

of all the charges requiring registration under this Part

of this Act, and shall, on payment of the prescribed fee,

enter in the register with respect to such charges the

following particulars :—■

(a) in the case of a charge to the benefit of which

the holders of a series of debentures are entitled,

such particulars as are specified in subsection (8)

of section seventy-nine of this Act;

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

(b) in the case of any other charge —

(i) if the charge is a charge created by the

company, the date of its creation, and if the

charge was a charge existing on property

acquired by the company, the date of the

acquisition of the property; and

(ii) the amount secured by the charge; and

(iii) short particulars of the property

charged; and

(iv) the persons entitled to the charge.

(2) The registrar shall give a certificate under his

hand of the registration of any charge registered in

pursuance of this Part of this Act, stating the amount

thereby secured, and the certificate shall be conclusive

evidence that the requirements of this Part of this Act

as to registration have been complied with.

(3) The register kept in pursuance of this section

shall be open to inspection by any person on payment

of the prescribed fee, not exceeding one shilling for each

inspection.

(4) The registrar shall keep a chronological index,

in the prescribed form and with the prescribed particulars, of the charges entered in the register.

83.—(1) The company shall cause a copy of every

certificate of registration given under the last foregoing

section to be endorsed on every debenture or certificate

of debenture stock which is issued by the company, and

the payment of which is secured by the charge so

registered:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

construed as requiring a company to cause a certificate

of registration of any charge so given to be endorsed on

any debenture or certificate of debenture stock issued

by the company before the charge was created.

(2) If any person knowingly and wilfully authorises

or permits the delivery of any debenture or certificate

of debenture stock which under the provisions of this

section is required to have endorsed on it a copy of a

certificate of registration without the copy being so

endorsed upon it, he shall, without prejudice to any other

341

Part III.

— cont.

Endorsement of

certificate of

registration

on debentures.

342

Part III.

— cont.

Entry of

satisfaction.

Rectification of

register of

charges.

Registration

of enforcement of

security.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

liability, be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred

pounds.

84. The registrar of companies may, on evidence

being given to his satisfaction that the debt for which

any registered charge was given has been paid or satisfied,

order that a memorandum of satisfaction be entered on

the register, and shall, if required, furnish the company

with a copy thereof.

85. The court, on being satisfied that the omission

to register a charge within the time required by this Act,

or that the omission or misstatement of any particular

with respect to any such charge or in a memorandum

of satisfaction, was accidental, or due to inadvertence or

to some other sufficient cause, or is not of a nature to

prejudice the position of creditors or shareholders of the company, or that on other grounds it is just and

equitable to grant relief, may, on the application of the

company or any person interested, and on such terms

and conditions as seem to the court just and expedient,

order that the time for registration shall be extended,

or, as the case may be, that the omission or misstatement shall be rectified.

86. —(1) If any person obtains an order for the

appointment of a receiver or manager of the property

of a company, or appoints such a receiver or manager

under any powers contained in any instrument, he shall,

within seven days from the date of the order or of the

appointment under the said powers, give notice of the

fact to the registrar of companies, and the registrar shall,

on payment of the prescribed fee, enter the fact in the

register of charges.

(2) Where any person appointed receiver or manager

of the property of a company under the powers contained in any instrument ceases to act as such receiver

or manager, he shall, on so ceasing, give the registrar

of companies notice to that effect, and the registrar shall

enter the notice in the register of charges.

(3) If any person makes default in complying with

the requirements of this section, he shall be liable to a

fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during

which the default continues.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

343

Provisions as to Company’s Register of Charges and as

to Copies of Instruments creating Charges.

87. Every company shall cause a copy of every

instrument creating any charge requiring registration

under this Part of this Act to be kept at the registered

office of the company:

Provided that, in the case of a series of uniform

debentures, a copy of one debenture of the series shall be

sufficient.

88. —(1) Every limited company shall keep at the

registered office of the company a register of charges

and enter therein all charges specifically affecting property of the company and all floating charges on the

undertaking or any property of the company, giving

in each case a short description of the property

charged, the amount of the charge, and, except in the

case of securities to bearer, the names of the persons

entitled thereto.

(2) If any director, manager, or other officer of the

company knowingly and wilfully authorises or permits

the omission of any entry required to be made in

pursuance of this section, he shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding fifty pounds.

89. —(1) The copies of instruments creating any

charge requiring registration under this Part of this Act with the registrar of companies, and the register

of charges kept in pursuance of the last foregoing

section, shall be open during business hours (but subject to such reasonable restrictions as the company in

general meeting may impose, so that not less than two

hours in each day shall be allowed for inspection) to the

inspection of any creditor or member of the company

without fee, and the register of charges shall also be

open to the inspection of any other person on payment of

such fee, not exceeding one shilling for each inspection,

as the company may prescribe.

(2) If inspection of the said copies or register is

refused, any officer of the company refusing inspection,

and every director and manager of the company authorising or knowingly and wilfully permitting the refusal,

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and

Part III.

—c out.

Copies of

instruments

creating

charges to

be kept by

company.

Company’s

register of

charges.

Right to

inspect

copies of

instruments

creating

mortgages

and charges

and company’s

register of

charges.

344

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5-

Part hi.

— cont.

Api location of

Part III to

charges created,

and property

subject to charge

acquired by

company incorporated outside

England.

Provision as

to charges

created, and

charges

on property

acquired, by

company

before commencement

of Act.

a further fine not exceeding two pounds for every day

during which the refusal continues.

(3) If any such refusal occurs in relation to a

company registered in England, the court may by order

compel an immediate inspection of the copies or register.

Application of Part III. to Companies incorporated

outside England.

90 . The provisions of this Part of this Act shall

extend to charges on property in England which are

created, and to charges on property in England which is

acquired, after the commencement of this Act by a

company (whether a company within the meaning of this Act or not) incorporated outside England which has

an established place of business in England.

Transitional Provision as to matters required to be

registered under this Act, but not under former Acts.

91 . — (1)It shall be the duty of a company within

six months after the commencement of this Act to send

to the registrar of companies for registration the prescribed particulars of—

(a) any charge created by the company before

the date of the commencement of this Act

and remaining unsatisfied at that date,

which would have been required to be registered under the provisions of paragraphs (g),

(h) and (i) of subsection (2) of section seventy-

nine of this Act or under the provisions of

section ninety of this Act, if the charge had been

created after the commencement of this Act; and

(b) any charge to which any property acquired

by the company before the commencement of this Act is subject and which would have

been required to be registered under the provisions of section eighty-one of this Act or under

the provisions of section ninety of this Act, if

the property had been acquired after the commencement of this Act.

(2) The registrar, on payment of the prescribed fee,

shall enter the said particulars on the register kept by

liim in pursuance of this Part of this Act.

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

(3) If a company fails to comply with this section,

the company and every director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company, or other person who is

knowingly a party to the default shall be liable to a fine

not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during which

the default continues:

Provided that the failure of the company shall not

prejudice any rights which any person in whose favour

the charge was made may have thereunder.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" company " includes a company (whether a company

within the meaning of this Act or not) incorporated

outside England which has an established place of

business in England.

Part IV.

Management and Administration.

Registered Office and Name.

92. —(1) A company shall, as from the day on

which it begins to carry on business or as from the

twenty-eighth day after the date of its incorporation,

whichever is the earlier, have a registered office to

which all communications and notices may be addressed.

(2) Notice of the situation of the registered office,

and of any change therein, shall be given within twenty-

eight days after the date of the incorporation of the

company or of the change, as the case may be, to the

registrar of companies, who shall record the same.

The inclusion in the amiual return of a company

of a statement as to the address of its registered office

shall not be taken to satisfy the obligation imposed by

this subsection.

(3) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

93. —(1) Every company—

(a) shall paint or affix, and keep painted or

affixed, its name on the outside of every

345

Part III.

— cont.

Registered

office of

company.

Publication

of name by

company.

346

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IY.

—cant.

office or place in winch its business is carried

on, in a conspicuous position, in letters easily

legible;

(b) shall have its name engraven in legible characters on its seal;

(c) shall have its name mentioned in legible

characters in all notices, advertisements, and

other official publications of the company,

and in all bills of exchange, promissory notes,

endorsements, cheques, and orders for money

or goods purporting to be signed by or on

behalf of the company, and in all bills of

parcels, invoices, receipts, and letters of

credit of the company.

(2) If a company does not paint or affix its name

in manner directed by this Act, the company and every

officer of the company who is in default shall be liable

to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and if a company

does not keep its name painted or affixed in maimer

so directed, the company and every officer of the company

who is in default shall be liable to a default fine.

(3) If a company fails to comply with paragraph (b)

or paragraph (c) of subsection (I) of this section, the

company shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds.

(4) If a director, manager, or officer of a company,

or any person on its behalf—

(a) uses or authorises the use of any seal purporting

to be a seal of the company whereon its name

is not so engraven as aforesaid; or

(b) issues or authorises the issue of any notice,

advertisement, or other official pubh cation of the company, or signs or authorises to be signed

on behalf of the company any bill of exchange,

promissory note, endorsement, cheque, or order

for money or goods, wherein its name is not

mentioned in manner aforesaid; or

(c) issues or authorises the issue of any bill of parcels,

invoice, receipt, or letter of credit of the company, wherein its name is not raehtioned in

manner aforesaid;

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds,

and shall farther be personally liable to the holder of the bill of exchange, promissory note, cheque, or order

for money or goods, for the amount thereof, unless it is

duly paid by the company.

Restrictions on Commencement of Business.

94.—(1) Where a company having a share capital

has issued a prospectus inviting the public to subscribe

for its shares, the company shall not commence any

business or exercise any borrowing powers unless—

(a) shares held subject to the payment of the whole

amount thereof in cash have been allotted to

an amount not less in the whole than the

minimum subscription; and

(b) every director of the company has paid to the

company, on each of the shares taken or

contracted to be taken by him and for which

he is liable to pay hi cash, a proportion equal

to the proportion payable on application and

allotment on the shares offered for public

subscription; and

(c) there has been delivered to the registrar of companies for registration a statutory declaration

by the secretary or one of the directors, in the

prescribed form, that the aforesaid conditions

have been complied with.

(2) Where a company having a share capital has

not issued a prospectus inviting the public to subscribe

for its shares, the company shall not commence any

business or exercise any borrowing powers, unless—

(a) there has been delivered to the registrar of companies for registration a statement in lieu of

prospectus; and

(b) every director of the company has paid to the

company, on each of the shares taken or contracted to be taken by him and for which he

is liable to pay in cash, a proportion equal to the

proportion payable on application and allotment

on the shares payable in cash; and

(c) there has been delivered to the registrar of companies for registration a statutory declaration

by the secretary or one of the directors in the prescribed form that paragraph (6) of this subsection

has been complied with.

347

Part IV.

— cont.

Restrictions

on commencement

of business.

348

Part IV.

— cont.

Register of

members.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5-

(3) The registrar of companies shah, on the delivery to

him of the said statutory declaration, and, in the case of

a company which is required by this section to deliver

a statement in lieu of prospectus, of such a statement,

certify that the company is entitled to commence

business, and that certificate shall be conclusive evidence

that the company is so entitled.

(4) Any contract made by a company before the

date at which it is entitled to commence business shall be

provisional only, and shall not be binding on the company

until that date, and on that date it shall become binding.

(5) Nothing in this section shall prevent the simultaneous offer for subscription or allotment of any shares

and debentures or the receipt of any money payable on

application for debentures.

(6) If any company commences business or exercises

borrowing powers in contravention of this section, every

person who is responsible for the contravention shall,

without prejudice to any other liability, be liable to a

fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day during

which the contravention continues.

(7) Nothing in this section shall apply to—

(a) a private company; or

(b) a company registered before the first day of

January, nineteen hundred and one; or

(c) a company registered before the first day of

July, nineteen hundred and eight, which has

not issued a prospectus inviting the public to

subscribe for its shares.

Register of Members.

95 .—(1)Every company shall keep in one or more

books a register of its members, and enter therein the

following particulars :—

(a) The names and addresses, and the occupations,

if any, of the members, and in the case of a

company having a share capital a statement of the shares held by each member, distinguishing

each share by its number, and of the amount

paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the

shares of each member;

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

349

(b) The date at which each person was entered in Part IV.

the register as a member; — cont.

(c) The date at which any person ceased to be a

member:

Provided that, where the company has converted

any of its shares into stock and given notice of the

conversion to the registrar of companies, the register

shall show the amount of stock held by each member

instead of the amount of shares and the particulars

relating to shares specified in paragraph (a) of this

subsection.

(2) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

96. —(1) Every company having more than fifty Index of

members shall, unless the register of members is in such members of

a form as to constitute in itself an index, keep an index company,

of the names of the members of the company and shall,

within fourteen days after the date on which any

alteration is made in the register of members, make any

necessary alteration in the index.

(2) The index, which may be in the form of a card

index, si i all in respect of each member contain a

sufficient indication to enable the account of that

member in the register to be readily found.

(3) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

97. —(1) On the issue of a share warrant the com- Provisions

pany shall strike out of its register of members the name as to entries

of the member then entered therein as holding the shares ! n register

specified in the warrant as if he had ceased to be a toshare° n

member, and shall enter in the register the following warra nts.

particulars, namely:—

(a) The fact of the issue of the warrant;

(b) A statement of the shares included in the

warrant, distinguishing each share by its

number; and

(c) The date of the issue of the warrant.

(2) The bearer of a share warrant shall, subject to

the articles of the company, be entitled, on surrendering

350

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Inspection

of register

of members

it for cancellation, to have his name entered as a member

in the register of members.

(3) The company shall be responsible for any loss

incurred by any person by reason of the company entering in the register the name of a bearer of a share

warrant in respect of the shares therein specified without the warrant being surrendered and cancelled.

(4) Until the warrant is surrendered, the particulars

specified in subsection (1) of this section shall be deemed

to be the particulars required by this Act to be entered

in the register of members, and, on the surrender, the

date of the surrender must be entered.

(5) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

bearer of a share warrant may, if the articles of the

company so provide, be deemed to be a member of the company within the meaning of this Act, either

to the full extent or for any purposes defined in the

articles.

98.—(1) The register of members, commencing

from the date of the registration of the company, and

the index of the names of members, shall be kept at

the registered office of the company, and, except when

the register is closed under the provisions of this Act,

shall during business hours (subject to such reasonable

restrictions as the company in general meeting may

impose, so that not less than two hours in each day

be allowed for inspection) be open to the inspection

of any member without charge and of any other person

on payment of one shilling, or such less sum as the

company may prescribe, for each inspection.

(2) Any member or other person may require a

copy of the register, or of any part thereof, on payment of sixpence, or such less sum as the company

may prescribe, for every hundred words or fractional

part thereof required to be copied.

The company shall cause any copy so required by

any person to be sent to that person within a period of

ten days commencing on the day next after the day on

which the requirement is received by the company.

(3) If any inspection required under this section is

refused or if any copy required under this section is not

1020 .

Companies Act, 1920.

Ch. 23.

351

sent within the proper period, the company and every

officer of the company who is in default shall be liable

in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding two

pounds, and further to a default fine of two pounds.

(4) In the case of any such refusal or default, the

court may by order compel an immediate inspection of the register and index or direct that the copies required

shall be sent to the persons requiring them.

99. A company may, on giving notice by

advertisement in some newspaper circulating in the

district in which the registered office of the company is

situate, close the register of members for any time or

times not exceeding in the whole thirty days in each

year.

100.—(1) If—

(a) the name of any person is, without sufficient

cause, entered in or omitted from the register

of members of a company; or

(b) default is made or unnecessary delay takes

place in entering on the register the fact of

any person having ceased to be a member;

the person aggrieved, or any member of the company, or

the company, may apply to the court for rectification of the register.

(2) Where an application is made under this section,

the court may either refuse the application or may order

rectification of the register and payment by the company

of any damages sustained by any party aggrieved.

(3) On an application under this section the court

may decide any question relating to the title of any person

who is a party to the application to have his name entered

in or omitted from the register, whether the question

arises between members or alleged members, or between

members or alleged members on the one hand and the

company on the other hand, and generally may decide

any question necessary or expedient to be decided for

rectification of the register.

(4) In the case of a company required by this Act to

send a list of its members to the registrar of companies,

Part IV.

— cont.

Power to

close

register.

Power of

court to

rectify

register.

352

Part IV.

— cont.

Trusts not

to be

entered on

register in

England.

Register to

be evidence.

Power for

company to

keep

dominion

register.

Regulations

as to

dominion

register.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

the court, when making an order for rectification' of the

register, shall by its order direct notice of the rectification

to be given to the registrar.

101. No notice of any trust, expressed, implied, or

constructive, shall be entered on the register, or be

receivable by the registrar, in the case of companies

registered in England.

102. The register of members shall be prima facie

evidence of any matters by this Act directed or authorised

to be inserted therein.

Dominion Register.

103. —(1) A company having a share capital whose

objects comprise the transaction of business in any

part of His Majesty’s dominions outside Great Britain,

the Channel Islands, or the Isle of Man may cause to be

kept in any such part of His Majesty’s dominions in

which it transacts business a branch register of members

resident in that part (in this Act called a " dominion

register ").

(2) The company shall give to the registrar of

companies notice of the situation of the office where any

dominion register is kept and of any change in its

situation, and if it is discontinued of its discontinuance,

and any such notice shall be given within fourteen days

of the opening of the office or of the change or discontinuance, as the case may be.

(3) If default is made in complying with subsection (2) of this section, the company and every

officer of the company who is in default shall be liable

to a default fine.

(4) References to a colonial register occurring in any

articles registered before the commencement of this Act shall be construed as references to a dominion

register.

104. —(1) A dominion register shall be deemed to

be part of the company’s register of members (in this

and the next following section called " the principal

register ").

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

353

(2) It shall be kept in the same manner in which the

principal' register is by this Act required to be kept,

excerpt that the advertisement before closing the register

shall be inserted in some newspaper circulating in the

district where the dominion. register is kept, and that

any competent court in that part of His Majesty’s

dominions where the register is kept may exercise the

same jurisdiction of rectifying the register as is under

this Act exerciseable by the court, and that the

offences of refusing inspection or copies of a dominion

register, and of authorising or permitting the refusal

may be prosecuted summarily before any tribunal

having summary criminal jurisdiction in that part of His

Majesty’s dominions.

(3) The company shall transmit to its registered

office a copy of every entry in its dominion register as

soon as may be after the entry is made, and shall cause

to be kept at its registered office, duly entered up from

time to time, a duplicate of its dominion register.

Every such duplicate shall, for all the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be part of the principal register.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section with

respect to the duplicate register, the shares registered

in a dominion register shall be distinguished from the

shares registered in the principal register, and no transaction with respect to any shares registered in a dominion

register shall, dining the continuance of that registration,

be registered in any other register.

(5) A company may discontinue to keep a dominion

register, and thereupon all entries in that register shall

be transferred to some other dominion register kept by

the company in the same part of His Majesty’s dominions,

or to the principal register.

(6) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any

company may, by its articles, make such provisions as

it may think fit respecting the keeping of dominion

registers.

(7) If default is made in complying with subsection (3) of this section, the company and every officer

of the company who is in d'‘fault .diall be liable to a

default fine.

Z

Part IV.

— cant.

354

p A KT IV.

cont.

StatuP.

d u ties m

case °i

shar es

registered

in dominion

registers.

Poner to

extend provisions as

t 0 dominion

registers to

other

countries.

53 & 54 Vict.

_ o "7

Provisions

as to branch

registers of

dominion

companies

kept in the

United

Kingdom.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

105. An instrument of transfer of a share registered

in a dominion register, other than such a register kept in

Northern Ireland, shall be deemed to he a transfer

of property situate out of the United Kingdom, and,

unless executed in any part of the United Kingdom,

shall be exempt from stamp duty chargeable in Great

Britain.

106. —(1) The Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890, shall

have effect as if the last three foregoing sections of this Act were included among the enactments which by

virtue of section live of that Act may be applied by

Order in Council to foreign countries in which for the

time being His Majesty has jurisdiction.

(2) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct

that the said sections, including any enactments for the

time being in force amending or substituted for those

sections, shall extend, with or without any exceptions,

adaptations or modifications specified in the Order, to

any territories under His Majesty’s protection to which

those sections cannot be extended under the Foreign

Jurisdiction Act, 1890, as amended by subsection (1) of this section.

His Majesty may by Order in Council revoke or

vary any Order made under this subsection.

107. —(1) If by virtue of the law in force in any

part of His Majesty’s dominions outside Great Britain

companies incorporated under that law have power to

keep in Great Britain branch registers of their members

resident in Great Britain, His Majesty may by Order in

Council direct that sections ninety-eight and one hundred

of this Act shall, subject to any modifications and adaptations specified in the Order, apply to and in relation to

any such branch registers kept in Great Britain as they

apply to and in relation to the registers of companies

■within the meaning of this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" His Majesty’s dominions " includes any territory which

is under His Majesty’s protection or in respect of which

a mandate under the League of Nations has been

accepted by His Majesty.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

355

Annual Return.

108.—(1) Every company having a share capital

shall once at least in every year make a return containing

a list of all persons who, on the fourteenth Jay after the

first or only ordinary general meeting in the year, are

members of the company, and of all persons who have

ceased to be members since the date of the last return

or, in the case of the first return, of the incorporation

of the company.

(2) The list must state the names, addresses, and

occupations of all the past and present members therein

mentioned, and the number of shares held by each of the existing members at the date of the return, specifying

shares transferred since the date of the last return or,

in the case of the first return, of the incorporation of the

company by persons who are still members and have

ceased to be members respectively and the dates of

registration of the transfers, and, if the names therein are

not arranged in alphabetical order, must have annexed

to it an index sufficient to enable the name of any person

in the list to be readily found:

Provided that, where the company has converted

any of its shares into stock and given notice of the conversion to the registrar of companies, the list must state

the amount of stock held by each of the existing members

instead of the amount of shares and the particulars

relating to shares hereinbefore required.

(3) The return must also state the address of the

registered office of the company and must contain a

summary distinguishing between shares issued for cash

and shares issued as fully or partly paid up otherwise

than in cash, and specifying the following particulars :—

(a) The amount of the share capital of the company,

and the number of the shares into which it is

divided;

(b) The number of shares taken from the commencement of the company up to the date of the return;

(c) The amount called up on each share;

P\IIT IV.

—amt.

Animal

return to be

made by

company

having a

share

capital.

356

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV. (tf) The total amount of calls received;

— cont.

(e) The total amount of calls unpaid;

(f) The total amount of the sums, if any, paid by

way of commission in respect of any shares or

debentures;

(: g)Particulars of the discount allowed on the issue

of any shares issued at a discount, or of so much

of that discount as has not been written off at

the date on which the return is made;

(h) The total amount of the sums, if any, allowed by

way of discount in respect of any debentures,

since the date of the last return;

(i) The total number of shares forfeited;

(k) The total amount of shares for which share

warrants are outstanding at the date of the

return;

(l) The total amount of share warrants issued and

surrendered respectively since the date of the

last return;

(m) The number of shares comprised in each share

warrant;

(ft) All such particulars with respect to the persons

who at the date of the return are the directors

of the company as are by this Act required to be

contained with respect to directors in the register

of the directors of a company;

(o) The total amount of the indebtedness of the

company in respect of all mortgages and charges

which are required (or, in the case of a company

registered in Scotland, which, if the company

had been registered in England, would be

required) to be registered with the registrar of

companies under this Act, or which would have

been required so to be registered if created

after the first day of July, nineteen hundred

and eight.

(4) The return shall be in accordance with the form

set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act, or as near

thereto as circumstances admit.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

3r>7

(5) In the case of a company keeping a dominion

register, the particulars of the. entries in that register

shall, so far as they relate to matters which are required

to be stated in the return, be included in the return

made next after copies of those entries are received at

the registered office of the company.

109. — (1) Every company not having a share capital

shall once at least in every calendar year make a return

stating—

(a) the address of the registered office of the

company;

(b) all such particulars with respect to the persons

who at the date of the return are the directors

of the company as are by this Act required to

be contained with respect to directors in the

register of directors of a company.

(2) There shall be annexed to the return a statement

containing particulars of the total amount of the

indebtedness of the company in respect of all mortgages

and charges which are required (or, in the case of a

company registered in Scotland, which, if the company

had been registered in England, would be required) to be

registered with the registrar of companies under this Act,

or which would have been required so to be registered if

created after the first day of July, nineteen hundred and

eight.

110— (1) The annual return must be contained in

a separate part of the register of members, and must be

completed within twenty-eight days after the first or

only general meeting in the year, and the company must

forthwith forward to the registrar of companies a copy

signed by a director or by the manager or by the

secretary of the company.

(2) Section ninety-eight of this Act shall apply

to the annual return as it applies to the register of

members.

(3) Except where the company is a private company,

or is an assurance company which has complied with

the provisions of subsection (4) of section seven of

Part IV.

— ront.

Annual

return to be

made by

company

not having

share

capital.

General

provisions

as to annual

returns.

358

Part IV.

— amt.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 49.

Certificates

to be sent

by private

company

with annual

return.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

the Assurance Companies Act, 1909, the annual return

shall include a written copy, certified by a director or the

manager or secretary of the company to be a true copy,

of the last balance sheet which has been audited by

the company’s auditors, including every document

required by law to be annexed thereto, together with a

copy of the report of the auditors thereon certified as

aforesaid, and if any such balance sheet is in a foreign

language there shall also be annexed to it a translation

thereof in English, certified in the prescribed manner to

be a correct translation:

Provided that, if the said last balance sheet did not

comply with the requirements of the law as in force at

the date of the audit with respect to the form of balance

sheets there shall be made such additions to and

corrections in the said copy as would have been required

to be made in the said balance sheet in order to make it

comply with the said requirements, and the fact that

the said copy has been so amended shall be stated thereon.

(4) If a company fails to comply with this section

or either of the two last foregoing sections of this Act,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (4) of this section,

the expression "officer, " and for the purposes of the last two foregoing sections of this Act the expression "director, " shall include any person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors

of the company are accustomed to act.

111. A private company shall send with the annual

return required by section one hundred and eight of this Act a certificate signed by a director or the secretary of the company that the company has not, since the date

of the last return, or, in the case of a first return, since

the date of the incorporation of the company, issued

any invitation to the public to subscribe for any shares

or debentures of the company, and, where the annual

return discloses the fact that the number of members

nf the company exceeds fifty, also a certificate so signed

that the excess consists wholly of persons who under

paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section twenty-six of this Act. an not to be included in reckoning the number

of fifty.

1020.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

359

Muting* and Proceedings. Part IV.

112. —(1) A general meeting of every company shall Annual

he held once at the least in every calendar year, and not general

more than fifteen months after the holding of the last meeting,

preceding general meeting.

(2) If default is made in holding a meeting of the

company in accordance with the provisions of this

section, the company, and every director or manager of the company who is knowingly a party to the default

shall he liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) Tf default is made as aforesaid, the court may,

on the application of any member of the company, call,

or direct the calling of, a general meeting of the

company.

113. —(1) Every company limited by shares and Statutory

every company limited by guarantee and having a nice ting and

share capital shall, within a period of not less than statu *' , jr - v

one month nor more than three months from the date 1

at which the company is entitled to commence business,

hold a general meeting of the members of the company,

which shall be called " the statutory meeting."

(2) The directors shall, at least seven days before

the day on which the meeting is held, forward a report

(in this Act referred to as " the statutory report ") to

every member of the company.

(3) The statutory report shall be certified by not

less than two directors of the company, or, where there

are less than two directors, by the sole director and

manager, and shall state—

(a) the total number of shares allotted, distinguishing

shares allotted as fully or partly paid up otherwise than in cash, and stating in the case of

shares partly paid up the extent to which they

are so paid up, and in either case the consideration for which they have been allotted;

(b) the total amount of cash received by the company

in respect of all the shares allotted, distinguished

as aforesaid;

(<■) an abstract of the receipts of the company

and of the payments made thereout, up to a

360

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

date within seven days of the date of the report,

exhibiting under distinctive headings the receipts

of the company from shares and debentures and

other sources, the payments made thereout,

and particulars concerning the balance remaining

in hand, and an account or estimate of the

preliminary expenses of the company;

(d) the names, addresses, and descriptions of the

directors, auditors, if any, managers, if any,

and secretary of the company; and

(e) the particulars of any contract, the modification

of which is to be submitted to the meeting for

its approval, together with the particulars of the

modification or proposed modification.

(4) The statutory report shall, so far as it relates to

the shares allotted by the company, and to the cash

received in respect of such shares, and to the receipts

and payments of the company on capital account, be

certified as correct by the auditors, if any, of the

company.

(5) The directors shall cause a copy of the statutory

report, certified as required by this section, to be delivered

to the registrar of companies for registration forthwith

after the sending thereof to the members of the company.

(6) The directors shall cause a fist showing the

names, descriptions, and addresses of the members of the company, and the number of shares held by them

respectively, to be produced at the commencement of the meeting, and to remain open and accessible to any

member of the company during the continuance of the

meeting.

(7) The members of the company present at the

meeting shall be at liberty to discuss any matter relating

to the formation of the company, or arising out of the

statutory report, whether previous notice has been given

or not, but no resolution of which notice has not been

given in accordance with the articles may be passed.

(8) The meeting may adjourn from time to time,

and at any adjourned meeting any resolution of which

notice has been given in accordance with the articles,

either before or subsequently to the former meeting,

may be passed, and the adjourned meeting shall have

the same powers as an original meeting.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

3G1

(9) In the event of any default in complying with

the provisions of this section every director of the

company who is guilty of or who knowingly and wilfully

authorises or permits the default shall be liable to a fine

not exceeding fifty pounds.

(10) This section shall not apply to a private

company.

114. — (1) The directors of a company, notwithstanding anything in its articles, shall, on the requisition

of members of the company holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth

of such of the paid-up capital of the company as at

the date of the deposit carries the right of voting

at general meetings of the company, or, in the case of

a company not having a share capital, members of the

company representing not less than one-tenth of the

total voting rights of all the members having at the said

date a right to vote at general meetings of the company,

forthwith proceed duly to convene an extraordinary

general meeting of the company.

(2) The requisition must state the objects of the

meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and

deposited at the registered office of the company, and

may consist of several documents in like form, each

signed by one or more requisitionists.

(3) If the directors do not within twenty-one days

from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed

duly to convene a meeting, the requisitionists, or any of

them representing more than one half of the total voting

rights of all of them, may themselves convene a meeting,

but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the

expiration of three months from the said date.

(4) A meeting convened under this section by the

requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner, as

nearly as possible, as that in which meetings are to be

convened by directors.

(5) Any reasonable expenses incurred by the

requisitionists by reason of the failure of the directors

duly to convene a meeting shall be repaid to the

requisitionists by the company, and any sum so repaid

shall be retained by the company out of any sums due

Part IV.

— cortt.

Convening

of extraordinary

general

meeting on

requisition.

3 02

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

P^RT IV.

—cord.

Provisions

as to

meetings

and votes.

or to become due from the company by way of fees or

other remuneration in respect of their services to such

of the directors as were in default.

(0) For the purposes of this section, the directors

shall, in the case of a meeting at ^liieh a resolution is to

be proposed as a special resolution, be deemed not to

have duly convened the meeting if they do not give such

notice thereof as is required by section one hundred and

seventeen of this Act.

115.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect

in so far as the articles of the company do not make

other provision in that behalf:—

(a) a meeting of a company, other than a meeting

for the passing of a special resolution, may be

called by seven days’ notice in writing;

(b) notice of the meeting of a company shall be

served on every member of the company in the

manner in which notices are required to be

served by Table A, and for the purpose of this

paragraph the expression "Table A " means

that Table as for the time being in force;

(c) two or more members holding not less than

one-tenth of the issued share capital or, if the

company has not a share capital, not less than

five per cent, in number of the members of the

company may call a meeting;

(d) in the case of a private company two members,

and in the case of any other company three

members, personally present shall be a quorum;

(e) any member elected by the members present at

a meeting may be chairman thereof;

(f) in the case of a company originally having

a share capital, every member shall have one

vote in respect of each share or each ten pounds

of stock held by him, and in any other case

every member shall have one vote.

(2) If for any reason it is impracticable to call

a meeting of a company in any manner in which

meetings of that company may be called, or to conduct

the meeting of the company in manner prescribed by the

articles or this Act, the court may, either of its own

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

motion or on the application of any director of the

company or of any member of the company who would

be entitled to vote at the meeting, order a meeting of the

company to be called, held and conducted in such

manner as the court thinks fit, and where any such

order is made may give such ancillary or consequential

directions as it thinks expedient, and any meeting called,

held and conducted in accordance with any such order

shall for all purposes be deemed to be a meeting of the

company duly called, held and conducted.

116. —(1) A corporation, whether a company within

the meaning of this Act or not, may—

(a) if it is a member of another corporation, being

a company within the meaning of this Act,

by resolution of its directors or other governing

body authorise such person as it thinks fit to

act as its representative at any meeting of the

company or at any meeting of any class of

members of the company;

(b) if it is a creditor (including a holder of debentures)

of another corporation, being a company within

the meaning of this Act, by resolution of its

directors or other governing body authorise

such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of any creditors of the company held in pursuance of this Act or

of any rules made thereunder, or in pursuance

of the provisions contained in any debenture

or trust deed, as the case may be.

(2) A person authorised as aforesaid shall be entitled

to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation

which he represents as that corporation could exercise

if it were an individual shareholder, creditor, or holder of

debentures, of that other company.

117. —(1) A resolution shall be an extraordinary

resolution when it has been passed by a majority of not

less than three fourths of such members as, being entitled

so to do, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by

proxy, at a genera] meeting of winch notice specifying

the intention to propose the resolution as an extraordinary resolution has been duly given.

363

Part IV.

— rout.

Pi-presentation of

companies

at meetings

of other

companies

and of

creditors.

Provisions

as to extraordinary

and special

resolutions.

3G4

Part IV.

— amt.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(2) A resolution shall be a special resolution when

it has been passed by such a majority as is required

for the passing of an extra ordinal y resolution and at

a general meeting of which not less than twenty-one

days’ notice, specifying the intention to propose the

resolution as a special resolution, has been duly given:

Provided that, if all the members entitled to attend

and vote at any such meeting so agree, a resolution may

be proposed and passed as a special resolution at a

meeting of which less than twenty-one days’ notice

has been given.

(3) At any meeting at which an extraordinary

resolution or a special resolution is submitted to be

passed, a declaration of the chairman that the resolution

is carried shall, unless a poll is demanded, be conclusive

evidence of the fact without proof of the number or

proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against

the resolution.

(4) At any meeting at which an extraordinary resolution or a special resolution is submitted to be passed

a poll shall be taken to be effectively demanded, if

demanded—

(a) by such number of members for the time being

entitled under the articles to vote at the meeting

as may be specified in the articles, so, however,

that it shall not in any case be necessary for

more than five members to make the demand;

or

(b) if no provision is made by the articles with

respect to the right to demand the poll, by

three members so entitled or by one member

or two members so entitled, if that member

holds or those two members together hold not

less than fifteen per cent, of the paid-up share

capital of the company.

(5) When a poll is demanded in accordance with

this section, in computing the majority on the poll

reference shall be had to the number of votes to which

each member is entitled by virtue of this Act or of the

articles of the company.

1929.

Companies Ad, 1929.

Ch. 23.

305

(6) For the purposes of this section, notice of a

meeting shall be deemed to be duly given and the meeting

to be duly held when the notice is given and the meeting

held in manner provided by this Act or the articles.

118.—(1) A printed copy of every resolution or

agreement to which this section applies shall, within

fifteen days after the passing or making thereof, be

forwarded to the registrar of companies and recorded by

him.

(2) Where articles have been registered, a copy of

every such resolution or agreement for the time being in

force shall be embodied in or annexed to every copy of the articles issued after the passing of the resolution or

the making of the agreement.

(3) Where articles have not been registered, a

printed copy of every such resolution or agreement shall

be forwarded to any member at his request, on payment

of one shilling or such less sum as the company may

direct.

(4) This section shall apply to—

(a) Special resolutions;

(b) Extraordinary resolutions;

(c) Resolutions which have been agreed to by all

the members of a company, but which, if not

so agreed to, would not have been effective for

their purpose unless, as the case may be, they

had been passed as special resolutions or as

extraordinary resolutions;

(d) Resolutions or agreements which have been

agreed to by all the members of some class of

shareholders, but which, if not so agreed to,

would not have been effective for their purpose

unless they had been passed by some particular

majority or otherwise in some particular manner,

and all resolutions or agreements which

effectively bind all the members of any class

of shareholders though not agreed to by all

those members;

(e) Resolutions requiring a company to be wound

up voluntarily, passed under paragraph (a) of

subsection (1) of section two hundred and

twenty-five of this Act.

Part IV.

—rent.

Registration

and copies

of certain

resolutions

and agreements.

360

Part 3 V.

— cont.

Rt‘«(il ut ions

passed at

adjourned

meetings.

Minutes of

proceedings

of meetings

and

directors.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(5) If a company fails to comply with subsection (1)

of this section, the company and every officer of the

company who is in default shall be liable to a default

fine of two pounds.

(6) If a company fails to comply with subsection (2)

or subsection (3) of this section, the company and every

oliicer of the company who is in default shall be liable to

a fine not exceeding one pound for each copy in respect

of which default is made.

(7) For the purposes of the last two foregoing

subsections, a liquidator of the company shall be deemed

to be an officer of the company.

119. Where after the commencement of this Act a

resolution is passed at an adjourned meeting of—

(a) a company;

(b) the holders of any class of shares in a company;

(c) the directors of a company;

the resolution shall for all purposes be treated as having

been passed on the date on which it w T as in fact passed,

and shall not be deemed to have been passed on any

earlier date.

120 . — (1)Every company shall cause minutes of all

proceedings of general meetings, and where there are

directors or managers, of all proceedings at meetings of

its directors or of its managers, to be entered in books

kept for that purpose.

(2) Any such minute if purporting to be signed by

the chairman of the meeting at which the proceedings

v T ere had, or by the chairman of the next succeeding

meeting, shall be evidence of the proceedings.

(3) Where minutes have been made in accordance

with the provisions of this section of the proceedings at

any general meeting of the company or meeting of

directors or managers, then, until the contrary is proved,

the meeting shall be deemed to have been duly held

and convened, and all proceedings had thereat to have

been duly had, and all appointments of directors,

managers, or liquidators, shall be deemed to be valid

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

367

121 . — (1)The books containing the minutes of proceedings of any general meeting of a company held

after the commencement of this Act shall be kept at the

registered office of the company, and shall during business

hours (subject to such reasonable restrictions as the

company may by its articles or in general meeting

impose, so that no less than two hours in each day be

allowed for inspection) be open to the inspection of any

member without charge.

(2) Any member shall be entitled to be furnished

within seven days after he has made a request in that

behalf to the company with a copy of any such minutes

as aforesaid at a charge not exceeding sixpence for every

hundred words.

(3) If any inspection required under this section is

refused or if any copy required under this section is not

sent within the proper time, the company and every

officer of the company who is in default shall be liable

in respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding two

pounds and further to a default fine of two pounds.

(4) In the case of any such refusal or default, the

court may by order compel an immediate inspection of the books in respect of all proceedings of general

meetings or direct that the copies required shall be sent

to the persons requiring them.

Accounts and Audit.

122 . — (1)Every company shall cause to be kept

proper books of account with respect to—

(a) all sums of money received and expended by

the company and the matters in respect of

which the receipt and expenditure takes place;

(b) all sales and purchases of goods by the company;

(c) the assets and liabilities of the company.

(2) The books of account shall be kept at the

registered office of the company or at such other place

as the directors think fit, and shall at all times be open

to inspection by the directors.

Part IV.

—-cont.

Inspection

of minute

books.

Keeping of

books of

account.

368

Part IV.

—cord.

Profit and

loss account

and balance

sheet.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(3) If any person being a director of a company fails

to take all reasonable steps to secure compliance by the

company with the requirements of this section, or has by

his own wilful act been the cause of any default by the

company thereunder, he shall, in respect of each oii’ence,

be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding

two hundred, pounds:

Provided that a person shall not be sentenced to

imprisonment for an offence under this section unless, in

the opinion of the court dealing with the case, the offence

was committed wilfully.

123 . — (1)The directors of every company shall at

some date not later than eighteen months after the incorporation of the company and subsequently once at least

in every calendar year lay before the company in general

meeting a profit and loss account or, hi the case of

a company not trading for profit, an income and

expenditure account for the period, in the case of the

first account, since the incorporation of the company,

and, hi any other case, since the preceding account,

made up to a date not earlier than the date of the

meeting by more than nine months, or, in the case of

a company carrying on business or having interests

abroad, by more than twelve months:

Provided that the Board of Trade, if for any special

reason they think fit so to do, may, in the case of any

company, extend the period of eighteen months aforesaid, and in the case of any company and with respect

to any year extend the periods of nine and twelve months

aforesaid.

(2) The directors shall cause to be made out in every

calendar year, and to be laid before the company in

general meeting, a balance sheet as at the date to which

the profit and loss account, or the income and expenditure

account, as the case may be, is made up, and there shall

be attached to every such balance sheet a report by the

directors with respect to the state of the company’s

affairs, the amount, if any, which they recommend should

be paid by way of dividend, and the amount, if any,

which they propose to carry to the reserve fund, general

reserve or reserve account shown specifically on the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

369

balance sheet, or to a reserve fund, general reserve or

reserve account to be shown specifically on a subsequent

balance sheet.

(3) If any person being a director of a company fails

to take all reasonable steps to comply with the provisions

of this section, he shall, in respect of each offence, be liable

on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding two

hundred pounds:

Provided that a person shall not be sentenced to

imprisonment for an offence under this section unless in

the opinion of the court dealing with the case, the

offence was committed wilfully.

124 . — (1)Every balance sheet of a company shall

contain a summary of the authorised share capital and

of the issued share capital of the company, its liabilities

and its assets, together with such particulars as are

necessary to disclose the general nature of the liabilities

and the assets of the company and to distinguish between

the amounts respectively of the fixed assets and of the

floating assets, and shall state how the values of the fixed

assets have been arrived at.

(2) There shall be stated under separate headings in

the balance sheet, so far as they are not written off—

(a) the preliminary expenses of the company; and

(b) any expenses incurred in connection with any

issue of share capital or debentures; and

(c) if it is shown as a separate item in or is otherwise ascertainable from the books of the

company, or from any contract for the sale or

purchase of any property to be acquired by the

company, or from any documents in the possession of the company relating to the stamp duty

payable in respect of any such contract or the

conveyance of any such property, the amount

of the goodwill and of any patents and trademarks as so shown or ascertained.

(3) Where any liability of the company is secured

otherwise than by operation of law on any assets of the

eompany. the balance sheet shall include a statement

A a

Part IV.

— cunt.

Contents of

balance

sheet.

370

Part IV.

— c<mt.

AsbPts consisting of

siiares in

subsidiary

companies

to beset out

separately

in balance

sheet.

Balance

sheet to

include

particulars

as to subsidiary

companies.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

that that liability is so secured, but it shall not be

necessary to specify in the balance sheet the assets on

which the liability is secured.

(4) The provisions of this section are in addition to

other provisions of this Act requiring other matters to

be stated in balance sheets.

125. Where any of the assets of a company consist

of shares in, or amounts owing (whether on account of

a loan or otherwise) from a subsidiary company or

subsidiary companies, the aggregate amount of those

assets, distinguishing shares and indebtedness, shall be

set out in the balance sheet of the first-mentioned company separately from all its other assets, and where a

company is indebted, whether on account of a loan

or otherwise, to a subsidiary company or subsidiary

companies, the aggregate amount of that indebtedness

shall be set out in the balance sheet of that company

separately from all its other liabilities.

126. —(1) Where a company (in this section referred

to as "the holding company") holds shares either

directly or through a nominee in a subsidiary company

or in two or more subsidiary companies, there shall be

annexed to the balance sheet of the holding company a

statement, signed by the persons by whom in pursuance

of section one hundred and twenty-nine of this Act

the balance sheet is signed, stating how the profits and

losses of the subsidiary company, or, where there are

two or more subsidiary companies, the aggregate profits

and losses of those companies, have, so far as they

concern the holding company, been dealt with in, or for

the purposes of, the accounts of the holding company,

and in particular how, and to what extent, —

(a) provision has been made for the losses of a

subsidiary company either in the accounts of

that company or of the holding company, or

of both; and

(b) losses of a subsidiary company have been

taken into account by the directors of the

holding company in arriving at the profits and

losses of the holding company as disclosed in its

accounts:

1920.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

371

Provided that it shall not be. necessary to specify in Part IV.

any such statement the actual amount of the profits or —ront.

losses of any subsidiary company, or the actual amount

of any part of any such profits or losses which has been

dealt with in any particular manner.

(2) If in the case of a subsidiary company the

auditors’ report on the balance sheet of the company does

not state without qualification that the auditors have

obtained all the information and explanations they

have required and that the balance sheet is properly

drawn up so as to exhibit a true and correct view of the state of the company’s affairs according to the

best of their information and the explanations given

to them and as shown by the books of the company,

the statement which is to be annexed as aforesaid to

the balance sheet of the holding company shall contain particulars of the manner in which the report is

qualified.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the profits or

losses of a subsidiary company mean the profits or

losses shown in any accounts of the subsidiary company

made up to a. date within the period to winch the

accounts of the holding company relate, or, if there are

no such accounts of the subsidiary company available

at the time when the accounts of the holding company

are made up, the profits or losses shown in the last

previous accounts of the subsidiary company which

became available within that period.

(4) If for any reason the directors of the holding

company are unable to obtain such information as is

necessary for the preparation of the statement aforesaid,

the directors who sign the balance sheet shall so report

in writing and their report shall be annexed to the

balance sheet in lieu of the statement.

127.—(1) Where the assets of a company consist Meaning of

in whole or in part of shares in another company, subsidiary

whether held directly or through a nominee and Cum P an y-

whether that other company is a company within the

meaning of this Act or not, and—

(a) the amount of the shares so held is at the time

when the accounts of the holding company

Aa 2

372

Part IV,

— cont.

Accounts to

contain

particulars

as to loans

to, and

remuneration of,

directors,

&c.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

are made up more titan fifty per cent, of the

issued share capital of that other company or

such as to entitle the company to more than

fifty per cent, of the voting power in that other

company; or

(b) the company has power (not being power vested

in it by virtue only of the provisions of a

debenture trust deed or by virtue of shares

issued to it for the purpose in pursuance of

those provisions) directly or indirectly to appoint

the majority of the directors of that other

company,

that other company shall be deemed to be a subsidiary

company within the meaning of this Act, and the

expression " subsidiary company " in this Act me, ms

a company in the case of which the conditions of this

section are satisfied.

(2) Where a company the ordinary business of which

includes the lending of money holds shares in another

company as security only, no account shall for the

purpose of determining under this section whether that

other company is a subsidiary company be taken of the

shares so held.

128 . — (1)The accounts which in pursuance of this Act are to be laid before every company in general

meeting shall, subject to the provisions of this section,

contain particulars showing—

(a) the amount of any loans which during the period

to which the accounts relate have been made

either by the company or by any other person

under a guarantee from or on a security provided by the company to any director or

officer of the company, including any such

loans which were repaid during the said period;

and

(b) the amount of any loans made in manner

aforesaid to any director or officer at any

time before the period aforesaid and outstanding

at the expiration thereof; and

(c) the total of the amount paid to the directors as

remuneration for their services, inclusive of all

fees, percentages, or other emoluments, paid to

or receivable by them by or from the company

or by or from any subsidiary company.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

373

(2) The provisions of subsection (1) of this section Part IV.

with respect to loans shall not apply — — oont.

(a) in the case of a company the ordinary business

of which includes the lending of money, to a

loan made by the company in the ordinary

course of its business; or

(b) to a loan made by the company to any employee

of the company if the loan does not exceed

two thousand pounds and is certified by the

directors of the company to have been made

in accordance with any practice adopted or

about to be adopted by the company with

respect to loans to its employees.

(3) The provisions of subsection (1) of this section

with respect to the remuneration paid to directors shall

not apply in relation to a managing director of the

company, and in the case of any other director who

holds any salaried employment or office in the company

there shall not be required to be included in the said

total amount any sums paid to him except sums paid

by way of directors’ fees.

(4) If in the case of any such accounts as aforesaid

the requirements of this section are not complied with,

it shall be the duty of the auditors of the company by

whom the accounts are examined to include in their

report on the balance sheet of the company, so far as

they are reasonably able to do so, a statement giving the

required particulars.

(5) In this section the expression "emoluments "

includes fees, percentages and other payments made or

consideration given, directly or indirectly, to a director

as such, and the money value of any allowances or

perquisites belonging to his office.

129.—(1) Every balance sheet of a company shall Signing of

be signed on behalf of the board by two of the directors balance

of the company, or, if there is only one director, by that sheet,

director, and the auditors’ report shall be attached to

the balance sheet, and the report shall be read before

the company in general meeting, and shall be open to

inspection by any member.

374

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Right to

receive

copies of

balance

sheets and

auditors ’

report.

(2) In the case of a banking company registered

after the fifteenth day of August, eighteen hundred and

seventy-nine, the balance sheet must be signed by the

secretary or manager, if any, and where there are more

than three directors of the company by at least three of

those directors, and where there are not more than three

directors by all the directors.

(3) If any copy of a balance sheet which has not

been signed as required by this section is issued, circulated,

or published, or if any copy of a balance sheet is issued,

circulated, or published without having a copy of the

auditors’ report attached thereto, the company, and

every director, manager, secretary, or other officer of the company who is knowingly a party to the default,

shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds.

130 . — (1)In the case of a company not being a

private company—

(a) a copy of every balance sheet, including every

document required by law to be annexed

thereto, which is to be laid before the company

in general meeting, together with a copy of the

auditors’ report, shall, not less than seven days

before the date of the meeting, be sent to all

persons entitled to receive notices of general

meetings of the company;

(b) any member of the company, whether he is or

is not entitled to have sent to him copies of the

company’s balance sheets, and any holder of

debentures of the company, shall be entitled to

be furnished on demand without charge with a

copy of the last balance sheet of the company,

including every document required by law to

be annexed thereto, together with a copy of the auditors’ report on the balance sheet.

If default is made in complying with paragraph (a)

of this subsection, the company and every officer of the

company who is in default shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds, and if, where any person

makes a demand for a document with which he is by

virtue of paragraph (b) of this subsection entitled to be

furnished, default is made in complying with the demand

within seven days after the making thereof, the company

and every director, manager, secretary or other officer of

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

375

the company who is knowingly a party to the default 1>AKT IV

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for —font.

every day during which the default continues, unless it is

proved that that person has already made a demand

for and been furnished with a copy of the document.

(2) In the case of a company being a private

company, any member shall be entitled to be furnished,

within seven days after he has made a request in that

behalf to the company, with a copy of the balance sheet

and auditors’ report at a charge not exceeding sixpence

for every hundred words.

If default is made in furnishing such a copy to any

member who demands it and tenders to the company the

amount of the proper charge therefor, the company and

every officer of the company who is in default shall be

liable to a default fine.

131.—(1) Every company, being a limited banking Banking

company or an insurance company or a deposit, provident, an, l <‘i-vOiin

or benefit society, shall, before it commences business,

and also on the first Monday in February and the first

Tuesday in August in every year during which it carries , windier!

on business, make a statement in the form set out in the sluivment.

Seventh Schedule to this Act, or as near thereto as

circumstances admit.

(2) A copy of the statement shall be put up in a

conspicuous place in the registered office of the company,

and in every branch office or place where the business of the company is carried on.

(3) Every member and every creditor of the company

shall be entitled to a copy of the statement, on payment

of a sum not exceeding sixpence.

(4) If default is made in complying with this

section, the company and every director and manager

of the company who knowingly and wilfully authorises

or permits the default shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding five pounds for every day during which

the default continues.

(5) For the purposes of this Act a company which

carries on the business of insurance in common with any

other business or businesses shall be deemed to be an

insurance company.

(0) This section shall not apply to any assurance

company to which the provisions of the Assurance Edw. 7.

Companies Act, 1909, as to the accounts and balance c - t*.

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

376

Part IV. sheet to be prepared annually and deposited by such a

company apply, if the company complies with those

provisions.

132.—(1) Every company shall at each annual

general meeting appoint an auditor or auditors to hold

office until the next annual general meeting.

(2) If an appointment of auditors is not made at an

annual general meeting, the Board of Trade may, on the

application of any member of the company, appoint an

auditor of the company for the current year.

(3) A person, other than a retiring auditor, shall not

be capable of being appointed auditor at an annual

general meeting unless notice of an intention to nominate

that person to the office of auditor has been given by a

member to the company not less than fourteen days

before the annual general meeting, and the company shall

send a copy of any such notice to the retiring auditor,

and shall give notice thereof to the members, either

by advertisement or in any other mode allowed by the

articles, not less than seven days before the annual

general meeting:

Provided that if, after notice of the intention to

nominate an auditor has been so given, an annual general

meeting is called for a date fourteen days or less after the

notice has been given, the notice, though not given within

the time required by this subsection, shall be deemed to

have been properly given for the purposes thereof, and

the notice to be sent or given by the company may,

instead of being sent or given within the time required

by this subsection, be sent or given at the same time as

the notice of the annual general meeting.

(4) Subject as hereinafter provided, the first auditors

of the company may be appointed by the directors at

any time before the first annual general meeting, and

auditors so appointed shall hold office until that meeting:

Provided that—

(a) the company may at a general meeting of

which notice has been served on the auditors

in the same manner as on members of the

company remove any such auditors and

appoint in their place any other persons being

Appointment and

remuneration of

auditors.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

377

persons who have been nominated for appoint- Part IV.

ment by any member of the company and of cont -

whose nomination notice has been given to

the members of the company not less than

seven days before the date of the meeting;

and

(b) if the directors fail to exercise their powers

under this subsection, the company in general

meeting may appoint the first auditors, and

thereupon the said powers of the directors

shall cease.

(5) The directors may fill any casual vacancy in the

office of auditor, but while any such vacancy continues

the surviving or continuing auditor or auditors, if any,

ma}^ act.

(6) The remuneration of the auditors of a company

shall be fixed by the company in general meeting, except

that the remuneration of an auditor appointed before the

first annual general meeting, or of an auditor appointed

to fill a casual vacancy, may be fixed by the directors, and

that the remuneration of an auditor appointed by the

Board of Trade may be fixed by the Board.

133 .—(1)None of the following persons shall be Disqualifica-

qualified for appointment as auditor of a company— ti° n for

appoint -

(a) a director or officer of the company; ment as

auditor.

(b) except where the company is a private company,

a person who is a partner of or in the employment of an officer of the company;

(c) a body corporate.

(2) Nothing in this section shall disqualify a body

corporate from acting as auditor of a company if acting

under an appointment made before the third day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, but subject

as aforesaid any body corporate which acts as auditor of

a company shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland

the expression "body corporate " does not include a firm.

378

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Auditors ’

repoit and

auditors ’

right of

access to

books and

right to

attend

general

meetings.

Investigation of

athiirs of

company

by Hoard

of Trade

inspectors.

134 . —(1) The auditors shall make a report to the

members on the accounts examined by them, and on

every balance sheet laid before the company in general

meeting during their tenure of office, and the report

shall state—

(a) whether or not they have obtained till the information and explanations they have required;

and

(b) whether, in their opinion, the balance sheet

referred to in the report is properly drawn up

so as to exhibit a true and correct view of the

state of the company’s affairs according to the

best of their information and the explanations

given to them, and as shown by the books of the company.

(2) Every auditor of a company shall have a right

of access at all times to the books and accounts and

vouchers of the company, and shall be entitled to

require from the directors and officers of the company

such information and explanation as may be necessary

for the performance of the duties of the auditors:

Provided that, in the case of a banking company

which was registered after the fifteenth day of August,

eighteen hundred and seventy-nine, and which has

branch banks beyond the limits of Europe, it shall be

sufficient if the auditor is allowed access to such copies

and extracts from such books and accounts of any such

branch as have been transmitted to the head office of the

company in Great Britain.

(3) The auditors of a company shall be entitled to

attend any general meeting of the company at which any

accounts which have been examined or reported on by

them are to be laid before the company and to make any

statement or explanation they desire with respect to the

accounts.

Inspection.

135 . —(1) The Board of Trade may appoint one or

more competent inspectors to investigate the affairs of

a company and to report thereon in such manner as the

Board direct—

(a) Tn the case of a banking company having a

share capital, on the application of members

19 29.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

379

holding not less than one-third of the shares

issued:

(b) In the case of any other company having a

share capital, on the application of members

holding not less than one-tenth of the shares

issued:

(c) In the case of a company not having a share

capital, on the application of not less than one-

fifth in number of the persons on the company’s

register of members.

(2) The application shall be supported by such

evidence as the Board of Trade may require for the purpose of showing that the applicants have good reason

for, and are not actuated by malicious motives in, requiring the investigation, and the Board may, before

appointing an inspector, require the applicants to give

security, to an amount not exceeding one hundred

pounds, for payment of the costs of the inquiry.

(3) It shall be the duty of all officers and agents of the company to produce to the inspectors all books and

documents in their custody or power.

(4) An inspector may examine on oath the officers

and agents of the company in relation to its business,

and may administer an oath accordingly.

(5) If any officer or agent of the company refuses

to produce to the inspectors any book or document

which it is his duty under this section so to produce, or

refuses to answer any question which is put to him by

the inspectors with respect to the affairs of the company,

the inspectors may certify the refusal under their hand

to the court, and the court may thereupon enquire into

the case, and after hearing any witnesses who may be

produced against or on behalf of the alleged offender and

after hearing any statement which may be offered in

defence, punish the offender in like manner as if he had

been guilty of contempt of the court.

(6) On the conclusion of the investigation the

inspectors shall report their opinion to the Board of

Trade, and a copy of the report shall be forwarded by

the Board to the registered office of the company, and

a further copy shall, at the request of the applicants

for the investigation, be delivered to them.

The report shall be written or printed, as the Board

direct.

Part IV.

— cont.

380

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Proceedings

on report by

inspectors

136 . —(1) If from any report made under the last

foregoing section it appears to the Board of Trade

that any person has been guilty of any offence in

relation to the company for which he is criminally

liable the Board shall proceed as follows:—

(1) in the case of an offence in England, if it appears

to the Board that the case is one in which the

prosecution ought to be undertaken by the

Director of Public Prosecutions, the Board shall

refer the matter to him;

(ii) in the case of an offence in Scotland the Board

shall refer the matter to the Lord Advocate.

(2) If w’here any matter is referred to the Director

of Public Prosecutions under this section he considers

that the case is one in which a prosecution ought to be

instituted and, further, that it is desirable in the public

interest that the proceedings in the prosecution should

be conducted by him, he shall institute proceedings

accordingly, and it shall be the duty of all officers and

agents of the company, past and present (other than the

defendant in the proceedings), to give to him all assistance

in connection with the prosecution which they are

reasonably able to give.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression

" agents " in relation to a company shall be deemed to

include the bankers and solicitors of the company and

any persons employed by the company as auditors,

whether those persons are or are not officers of the

company.

(3) The expenses of and incidental to an investigation under the last preceding section of tiffs Act (in this

subsection referred to as " the expenses ") shall be

defrayed as follows

(a) Where as a result of the investigation a prosecution is instituted by the Director of Public

Prosecutions or by or on behalf of the Lord

Advocate, the expenses shall be defrayed by

the Board of Trade;

(b) In any other ease the expenses shall be defrayed

by the company unless the Board of Trade

think proper to direct, as the Board are hereby

authorised to do, that they shall either be paid

1929.

Ch. 23.

331

Companies Act, 1929.

by the applicants or in part by the company Part IV.

and in part by the applicants:—cont.

Provided that—

(i) if the company fails to pay the whole

or any part of the sum which it is liable to

pay under this subsection, the applicants

shall make good the deficiency up to the

amount by which the security given by

them under the last preceding section exceeds the amount, if any, which they have

under this subsection been directed by the

Board to pay; and

(ii) any balance of the expenses not defrayed either by the company or the

applicants shall be defrayed by the Board.

(4) Subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Economy nj & 17 (j e0 .

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926 (which provides o. c. U.

for the issue out of the Bankruptcy and Companies

Winding-up (Fees) Account of sums towards meeting

the charges estimated by the Board of Trade in respect

of salaries and expenses under this Act in relation to

the winding-up of companies in England) shall have

effect as if expenses to be defrayed by the Board under

this section were expenses incurred by the Board under

this Act in relation to the winding-up of companies in

England.

137 .—(1)A company may by special resolution Power of

appoint inspectors to investigate its affairs. company

to appoint

(2) Inspectors so appointed shall have the same inspectors,

powers and duties as inspectors appointed by the Board

of Trade, except that, instead of reporting to the Board,

they shall report in such manner and to such persons

as the company in general meeting may direct.

(3) If any officer or agent of the company refuses

to produce to the inspectors any book or document

which it is his duty under this section so to produce, or

refuses to answer any question which is put to him by

the inspectors with respect to the affairs of the company,

he shall be liable to be proceeded against in the same

manner as if the inspectors had hern inspectors appointed

by the Board of Trade.

382

Part IV.

— cont.

Report of

inspectors to

tie evidence.

Number of

directors.

Restrictions

on appointment or

advertisement of

director.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

138. A copy of the report of any inspectors appointed

under this Act, authenticated by the seal of the company

whose affairs they have investigated, shall be admissible

in any legal proceeding as evidence of the opinion of the

inspectors in relation to any matter contained in the

report.

Directors and Managers.

139. —(1) Every company registered after the commencement of this Act shall have at least two directors.

(2) This section shall not apply to a private company.

140. —(1) A person shall not be capable of being

appointed director of a company by the articles, and shall

not be named as a director or proposed director of a

company in a prospectus issued by or on behalf of the

company, or as proposed director of an intended company in a prospectus issued in relation to that intended

company, or in a statement in lieu of prospectus delivered to the registrar by or on behalf of a company,

unless, before the registration of the articles or the publication of the prospectus, or the delivery of the statement

in lieu of prospectus, as the case may be, he has by

himself or by his agent authorised in writing—

(a) signed and delivered to the registrar of companies

for registration a consent in writing to act as

such director; and

(b) either—

(i) signed the memorandum for a number

of shares not less than his qualification, if

any; or

(ii) taken from the company and paid or

agreed to pay for his qualification shares, if

any; or

(iii) signed and delivered to the registrar

for registration an undertaking in writing

to take from the company and pay for his

qualification shares, if any; or

(iv) made and delivered to the registrar

for registration a statutory declaration to the

effect that a number of shares, not less than

his qualification, if any, are registered in his

name.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

(2) Where a person has signed and delivered as Part IV.

aforesaid an undertaking to take and pay for his quali- cont -

fication shares, lie shall, as regards those shares, be in

the same position as if he had signed the memorandum

for that number of shares.

(3) On the application for registration of the

memorandum and articles of a company the applicant

shall deliver to the registrar a list of the persons who have

consented to be directors of the company, and, if this list

contains the name of any person who has not so consented,

the applicant shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds.

(4) This section shall not apply to—

(a) a company not having a share capita]; or

(b) a private company; or

(c) a company which was a private company

before becoming a public company; or

(d) a prospectus issued by or on behalf of a

company after the expiration of one year

from the date on which the company was

entitled to commence business.

141.—(1) Without prejudice to the restrictions im- Qualifioa-

posed by the last foregoing section, it shall be the duty turn of

of every director who is by the articles of the company Erector

required to hold a specified share qualification, and who ormana t r, ' r -

is not already qualified, to obtain his qualification

within two months after his appointment, or such

shorter time as may be fixed by the articles.

(2) For the purpose of any provision in the articles

requiring a director or manager to hold a specified share

qualification, the bearer of a share warrant shall not be

deemed to be the holder of the shares specified in the

warrant.

(3) The office of director of a company shall be

vacated if the director does not within two months

from the date of his appointment, or within such shorter

time as may be fixed by the articles, obtain his qualification, or if after the expiration of the said period or shorter

time he ceases at any time to hold his qualification.

(4) A person vacating office under this section shall

be incapable of being re-appointed director of the company

until he has obtained his qualification.

384

Part IV.

-— rant.

Provision?

as to undia-

cliarjiud

bankrupts

acting as

directors.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(5) If after the expiration of the said period or

shorter time any unqualified person acts as a director

of the company, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

five pounds for every day between the expiration of the

said period or shorter time or the day on which he

ceased to be qualified, as the case may be, and the last

day on which it is proved that he acted as a director.

142.—(1) If any person being an undischarged

bankrupt acts as director of, or directly or indirectly

takes part in or is concerned in the management of,

any company except with the leave of the court by

which he was adjudged bankrupt, he shall be liable on

conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding two years, or on summary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or

to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both

such imprisonment and fine:

Provided that a person shall not be guilty of an

offence under this section by reason that he, being an

undischarged bankrupt, has acted as director of, or

taken part or been concerned in the management of,

a company, if he was on the third day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, acting as director of,

or talcing part or being concerned in the management of,

that company and has continuously so acted, taken

part, or been concerned since that date and the

bankruptcy was prior to that date.

(2) In England the leave of the court for the

purposes of this section shall not be given unless

notice of intention to apply therefor has been served

on the official receiver and it shall be the duty of the

official receiver, if he is of opinion that it is contrary to

the public interest that any such application should be

granted, to attend on the hearing of and oppose the

granting of the application.

(3) In this section the expression "company "

includes an unregistered company and a company

incorporated outside Great Britain which has an

established place of business within Great Britain, and

the expression "official receiver" means the official

receiver in bankruptcy.

(4) Subsection (I) of tills section in its application

to Scotland shall have effect as if the words "s< questra-

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

385

tion of his estates was awarded " were substituted for

the words "he was adjudged bankrupt."

143 . The acts of a director or manager shall be

valid notwithstanding any defect that may afterwards

he discovered in his appointment or qualification.

144 . — (1)Every company shall keep at its registered

office a register of its directors or managers containing

with respect to each of them the following particulars,

that is to say—

(a) in the case of an individual, his present

Christian name and surname, any former

Christian name or surname, his usual residential

address, his nationality, and, if that nationality

is not the nationality of origin, his nationality

of origin, and his business occupation, if any,

or, if he has no business occupation hut holds

any other directorship or directorships, particulars of that directorship or of some one of

those directorships; and

(b) in the case of a corporation, its corporate name

and registered or principal office.

(2) The company shall, within the periods respectively mentioned in this subsection, send to the registrar

of companies a return in the prescribed form containing

the particulars specified in the said register and a notification in the prescribed form of any change among its

directors or in any of the particulars contained in the

register.

The period within which the said return is to

be sent shall be a period of fourteen days from the

appointment of the first directors of the company, and

the period within which the said notification of a change

is to be sent shall be fourteen days from the happening

thereof.

(3) The register to be kept under this section shall

during business hours (subject to such reasonable restrictions as the company may by its articles or in general

meeting impose, so that not less than two hours in each

day be allowed for inspection) be open to the inspection

of any member of the company without charge and of

any other person on payment of one shilling, or such less

sum as the company may prescribe, for each inspection.

B b

Part IV.

— cant.

Validity of

acts of

directors.

Register of

directors.

386

Part IV.

— cont.

Particulars

with respect

to directors

in trade

catalogues,

circulars,

&c.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 21.

Ch. 23. Companies Ad, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(4) If any inspection required under this section is

refused or if default is made in complying with subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, the company

and every officer of the company who is in default shall

be liable to a default fine.

(5) In the case of any such refusal, the court may by

order compel an immediate inspection of the register.

(6) For the purposes of this section, a person in

accordance with whose directions or instructions the

directors of a company are accustomed to act shall be

deemed to be a director and officer of the company.

145 . — (1)Every company to which this section

applies shall, in all trade catalogues, trade circulars,

showcards and business letters on or in which the

company’s name appears and which are issued or sent

by the company to any person in any part of His

Majesty’s dominions, state in legible characters with

respect to every director being a corporation, the corporate name, and with respect to every director being an

individual, the following particulars—■

(a) his present Christian name, or the initials

thereof, and present surname;

(b) any former Christian names and surnames;

(c) his nationality, if not British;

(d) his nationality of origin, if his nationality is not

the nationality of origin:

Provided that, if special circumstances exist which

render it in the opinion of the Board of Trade expedient

that such an exemption should be granted, the Board

may by order grant, subject to such conditions as may

be specified in the order, exemption from the obligations

imposed by this subsection.

(2) This section shall apply to—

(a) every company registered under this Act or

the Acts repealed by this Act unless it was

registered before the twenty-third day of

November, nineteen hundred and sixteen; and

(b) every company incorporated outside Great

Britain which has an established place of

business within Great Britain, unless it had

established such a place of business before the

said date; and

(c) every company licensed under the Moneylenders Act, 1927, whenever it was registered

or whenever it established a place of business.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

3S7

(3) If a company makes default in complying with

this section, every director of the company shall be liable

on summary conviction for each offence to a fine not

exceeding five pounds, and, in the case of a director being

a corporation, every director, secretary and officer of the

corporation, who is knowingly a party to the default, shall

be liable to a like penalty:

Provided that in England no proceedings shall be

instituted under this section except by, or with the

consent of, the Board of Trade.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression "director " includes any person

in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors of the company are accustomed to act;

(b) the expression "Christian name " includes a

forename;

(c) the expression "initials" includes a recognised abbreviation of a Christian name;

(d) in the case of a peer or person usually known

by a title different from his surname, the

expression " surname" means that title;

(e) references to a former Christian name or surname do not include—

(i) in the case of a peer or a person

usually known by a British title different

from his surname, the name by which he

was known previous to the adoption of or

succession to the title; or

(ii) in the case of natural born British

subjects, a former Christian name or surname

where that name or surname was changed

or disused before the person bearing the

name attained the age of eighteen years; or

(iii) in the case of a married woman,

the name or surname by which she was

known previous to the marriage;

(f) the expression "showcards" means cards

containing or exhibiting articles dealt with,

or samples or representations thereof.

Part IV.

— coat.

388

Part IV.

— cont.

Limited

company

may have

directors

with unlimited

liability.

Special resolution of

limited

company

making

liability of

directors

unlimited.

Statement

as to remuneration

of directors

to be furnished to

shareholders.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1829. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

146. —(1) In a limited company the liability of the

directors or managers, or of the managing director,

may, if so provided by the memorandum, be unlimited.

(2) In a limited company in which the liability of

a director or manager is unlimited, the directors or

managers of the company, if any, and the member

who proposes a person for election or appointment to

the office of director or manager, shall add to that

proposal a statement that the liability of the person

holding that office will be unlimited, and the promoters,

directors, managers, and secretary, if any, of the company, or one of them, shall, before the person accepts

the office or acts therein, give him notice in writing

that his liability will he unlimited.

(3) If any director, manager, or proposer makes

default in adding such a statement, or if any promoter,

director, manager, or secretary makes default in giving

such a notice, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

one hundred pounds, and shall also he liable for any

damage which the person so elected or appointed may

sustain from the default, but the liability of the person

elected or appointed shall not be affected by the

default.

147. —(1) A limited company, if so authorised by its

articles, may, by special resolution, alter its memorandum

so as to render unlimited the liability of its directors, or

managers, or of any managing director.

(2) Upon the passing of any such special resolution

the provisions thereof shall be as valid as if they had been

originally contained in the memorandum.

148. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the directors of a company shall, on a demand in that behalf

made to them in writing by members of the company

entitled to not less than one-fourth of the aggregate number of votes to which all the members of the company are together entitled, furnish to all the

members of the company within a period of one

month from the receipt of the demand a statement,

certified as correct, or with such qualifications as may

be necessary, by the auditors of the company, showing as respects each of the last three preceding years

in respect of which the accounts of the company have

been made up the aggregate amount received in

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

389

that year by way of remuneration or other emoluments

by persons being directors of the company, whether

as such directors or otherwise in connection with

the management of the affairs of the company, and

there shall, in respect of any such director who is—

(a) a director of any other company which is in

relation to the first-mentioned company a subsidiary company; or

(b) by virtue of the nomination, whether direct or

indirect, of the company a director of any other

company;

be’included in the said aggregate amount any remuneration or other emoluments received by him for his own use

whether as a director of, or otherwise in connection with

the management of the affairs of, that other company:

Provided that—

(i) a demand for a statement under this section

shall be of no effect if the company within

one month after the date on which the demand

is made resolve that the statement shall not

be furnished; and

(ii) it shall be sufficient to state the total aggregate

of all sums paid to or other emoluments

received by all the directors in each year

without specifying the amount received by

any individual.

(2) In computing for the purpose of this section

the amount of any remuneration or emoluments received

by any director, the amount actually received by him

shall, if the company has paid on his behalf any sum

by way of income tax (including super-tax and sur-tax)

in respect of the remuneration or emoluments, be increased by the amount of the sum so paid.

(3) If any director fails to comply with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding fifty pounds.

(4) In this section the expression "emoluments M

includes fees, percentages and other payments made or

consideration given, directly or indirectly, to a director

as such, and the money value of any allowances or

perquisites belonging to his office.

Part IV.

— cont.

390

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Disclosure

by directors

of interest

in contracts,

Provision as

to payments

received by

directors for

loss of office

or on retirement.

149. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, it

shall be the duty of a director of a company who is in

any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a

contract or proposed contract with the company to

declare the nature of his interest at a meeting of the

directors of the company.

(2) In the case of a proposed contract the declaration

required by this section to be made by a director shall

be made at the meeting of the directors at which the

question of entering into the contract is first taken into

consideration, or if the director was not at the date

of that meeting interested in the proposed contract,

at the next meeting of the directors held after he

became so interested, and in a case where the

director becomes interested in a contract after it is

made, the said declaration shall be made at the first

meeting of the directors held after the director becomes

so interested.

(3) For the purpose of this section, a general notice

given to the directors of a company by a director to

the effect that he is a member of a specified company or

firm and is to be regarded as interested in any contract

which may, after the date of the notice, be made with

that company or firm shall be deemed to be a sufficient

declaration of interest in relation to any contract so

made.

(4) Any director who fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the operation of any rule of law restricting directors of a

company from having any interest in contracts with the

company.

150. —(1) It is hereby declared that it is not lawful

in connection with the transfer of the whole or any part

of the undertaking or property of a company for any

payment to be made to any director of the company

by way of compensation for loss of office, or as consideration for or in connection with his retirement from

office, unless particulars with respect to the proposed

payment, including the amount thereof, have been

disclosed to the members of the company and the

proposal approved by the company.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23,

391

(2) Where a payment which is hereby declared to be

illegal is made to a director of the company, the amount

received shall be deemed to have been received by him

in trust for the company.

(3) Where a payment is to be made as aforesaid

to a director of a company in connection with the

transfer to any persons, as a result of an offer made to

the general body of shareholders, of all or any of the

shares in the company, it shall be the duty of that

director to take all reasonable steps to secure that

particulars with respect to the proposed payment,

including the amount thereof, shall be included in or

sent with any notice of the offer made for their shares

which is given to any shareholders.

(4) If any such director fails to take reasonable

steps as aforesaid, or if any person who has been properly

required by any such director to include the said

particulars in or send them with any such notice fails

so to do, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

twenty-five pounds, and if the requirements of the last

foregoing subsection are not complied with in relation to

any such payment as is mentioned in the said subsection, any sum received by the director on account of the payment shall be deemed to have been received by

him in trust for any persons who have sold their shares

as a result of the offer made.

(5) If in connection with any such transfer as

aforesaid the price to be paid to a director of the

company whose office is to be abolished or who is to

retire from office for any shares in the company held by

him is in excess of the price which could at the time

have been obtained by other holders of the like shares

or any valuable consideration is given to any such

director, the excess or the money value of the consideration, as the case may be, shall, for the purposes

of this section, be deemed to have been a payment

made to him by way of compensation for loss of office or

as consideration for or in connection with his retirement

from office.

(6) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice the operation of any rule of law requiring

disclosure to be made with respect to any such payments as are mentioned in this section or with respect

to any other like payments made or to be made to the

directors of a company.

Part IV.

— cont.

392

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

•— cont.

Provisions

as to assign

ment of

office by

directors

Provisions

as to liability of

officers and

auditors.

151 . If in the case of any company provision is

made by the articles or by any agreement entered into

between any person and the company for empowering a

director or manager of the company to assign his office

as such to another person, any assignment of office made

in pursuance of the said provision shall, notwithstanding

anything to the contrary contained in the said provision,

be of no effect unless and until it is approved by a special

resolution of the company.

Avoidance of Provisions in Articles or Contracts relieving

Officers from Liability.

152 . Subject as hereinafter provided, any provision, whether contained in the articles of a company

or in any contract with a company or otherwise, for

exempting any director, manager or officer of the company, or any person (whether an officer of the company

or not) employed by the company as auditor from, or

indemnifying him against, any liability which by virtue

of any rule of law would otherwise attach to him in

respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or

breach of trust of which he may be guilty in relation

to the company shall be void:

Provided that—

(a) in relation to any such provision which is

in force at the date of the commencement

of this Act, this section shall have effect

only on the expiration of a period of six

months from that date; and

(b) nothing in this section shall operate to

deprive any person of any exemption or

right to be indemnified in respect of anything done or omitted to be done by him

while any such provision was in force; and

(c) notwithstanding anything in this section, a

company may, in pursuance of any such

provision as aforesaid, indemnify any such

director, manager, officer or auditor against

any liability incurred by him in defending any

proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in

which judgment is given in his favour or

in which he is acquitted or in connection

with any application under section three

hundred and seventy-two of this Act in

which relief is granted to him by the court.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

393

Part IV.

— cont.

Power to

compromise

with creditors and

members.

(2) If a majority in number representing three-

fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, or

members or class of members, as the case may be, present

and voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting,

agree to any compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement shall, if sanctioned by the court,

be binding on all the creditors or the class of creditors,

or on the members or class of members, as the case may

be, and also on the company or, in the case of a company

in the course of being wound up, on the liquidator and

contributories of the company.

(3) An order made under subsection (2) of this

section shall have no effect until an office copy of the

order has been delivered to the registrar of companies for

registration, and a copy of every such order shall be annexed

to every copy of the memorandum of the company issued

after the order has been made, or, in the case of a company

not having a memorandum, of every copy so issued of the instrument constituting or de finin g the constitution

of the company.

(4) If a company makes default in complying with

subsection (3) of this section, the company and every

officer of the company who is in default shall be liable

to a fine not exceeding one pound for each copy in

respect of which default is made.

(5) In this section the expression "company "

means any company liable to be woimd up under this Act, and the expression "arrangement " includes a

re-organisation of the share capital of the company by

the consolidation of shares of different classes or by the

Arrangements and Reconstructions.

153 . — (1)Where a compromise or arrangement is

proposed between a company and its creditors or any

class of them, or between the company and its members

or any class of them, the court may, on the application

in a summary way of the company or of any creditor or

member of the company, or, in the case of a company

being wound up, of the liquidator, order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, or of the members of the company or class of members, as the case may be,

to be summoned in such manner as the court directs.

394

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

Provisions

for facilitating reconstruction

and amalgamation of

companies.

division of shares into shares of different classes or by

both those methods.

164 . — (1)Where an application is made to the court

under the last foregoing section of this Act for the

sanctioning of a compromise or arrangement proposed

between a company and any such persons as are

mentioned in that section, and it is shown to the

court that the compromise or arrangement has been

proposed for the purposes of or in connection with a

scheme for the reconstruction of any company or companies or the amalgamation of any two or more companies, and that under the scheme the whole or any

part of the undertaking or the property of any company

concerned in the scheme (in this section referred to as

" a transferor company ") is to be transferred to another

company (in this section referred to as " the transferee

company "), the court may, either by the order sanctioning the compromise or arrangement or by any

subsequent order, make provision for all or any of the

following matters :—

(a) the transfer to the transferee company of the

whole or any part of the undertaking and of the property or liabilities of any transferor

company;

(b) the allotting or appropriation by the transferee

company of any shares, debentures, policies,

or other like interests in that company which

under the compromise or arrangement are to

be allotted or appropriated by that company to

or for any person;

(c) the continuation by or against the transferee

company of any legal proceedings pending by

or against any transferor company;

(d) the dissolution, without winding up, of any

transferor company;

(e) the provision to be made for any persons, who

within such time and in such manner as the

court direct, dissent from the compromise or

arrangement;

(f) such incidental, consequential and supplemental

matters as are necessary to secure that the

reconstruction or amalgamation shall be fully

and effectively carried out.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

395

(2) Where an order under this section provides for

the transfer of property or liabilities, that property shall,

by virtue of the order, be transferred to and vest in, and

those liabilities shall, by virtue of the order, be transferred

to and become the liabilities of, the transferee company,

and hi the case of any property, if the order so directs,

freed from any charge which is by virtue of the compromise or arrangement to cease to have effect.

(3) Where an order is made under this section,

every company in relation to which the order is made

shall cause an office copy thereof to be delivered to the

registrar of companies for registration within seven days

after the making of the order, and if default is made in

complying with this subsection, the company and every

officer of the company who is in default shall be liable

to a default fine.

(4) In this section the expression "property" includes

property, rights and powers of every description, and the

expression " liabilities " includes duties.

(5) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (5)

of the last foregoing section, the expression "company "

in this section does not include any company other

than a company within the meaning of this Act.

155. — (1) Where a scheme or contract involving the

transfer of shares or any class of shares in a company

(in this section referred to as " the transferor company ")

to another company, whether a company within the

meaning of this Act or not (in this section referred

to as "the transferee company"), has within four

months after the making of the offer in that behalf

by the transferee company been approved by the

holders of not less than nine-tenths in value of the shares

affected, the transferee company may, at any time within

two months after the expiration of the said four months,

give notice in the prescribed manner to any dissenting

shareholder that it desires to acquire his shares, and

where such a notice is given the transferee company

shall, unless on an application made by the dissenting

shareholder within one month from the date on which

the notice was given the court thinks fit to order otherwise, be entitled and bound to acquire those shares on

the terms on which under the scheme or contract the

Part IV.

— cont.

Power to

acquire

shares of

shareholders

dissenting

from

scheme or

contract

approved by

majority.

396

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IV.

— cont.

shares of the approving shareholders are to be transferred

to the transferee company:

Provided that, where any such scheme or contract

has been so approved at any time before the commencement of this Act, the court may by order, on an application made to it by the transferee company within two

months after the commencement of this Act, authorise

notice to be given under this section at any time within

fourteen days after the making of the order, and this

section shall apply accordingly, except that the terms

on which the shares of the dissenting shareholder are to

be acquired shall be such terms as the court may by the

order direct instead of the terms provided by the scheme

or contract.

(2) Where a notice has been given by the transferee company under this section and the court has not,

on an application made by the dissenting shareholder,

ordered to the contrary, the transferee company shall, on

the expiration of one month from the date on which

the notice has been given, or, if an application to the

court by the dissenting shareholder is then pending, after

that application has been disposed of, transmit a copy of the notice to the transferor company and pay or transfer

to the transferor company the amount or other consideration representing the price payable by the transferee

company for the shares which by virtue of this section

that company is entitled to acquire, and the transferor

company shall thereupon register the transferee company

as the holder of those shares.

(3) Any sums received by the transferor company

under this section shall be paid into a separate bank;

account, and any such sums and any other consideration

so received shall be held by that company on trust for

the several persons entitled to the shares in respect

of which the said sums or other consideration were

respectively received.

(4) In this section the expression "dissenting shareholder " includes a shareholder who has not assented to

the scheme or contract and any shareholder who has

failed or refused to transfer his shares to the transferee

company in accordance with the scheme or contract.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

397

Part V.

Winding Up.

(i) Preliminary.

Modes of Winding Up.

156 . —(1) The winding up of a company may be

either—

(a) by the court; or

(b) voluntary; or

(c) subject to the supervision of the court.

(2) The provisions of this Act with respect to

winding up apply, unless the contrary appears, to the

winding up of a company in any of those modes.

Contributories.

157 . —(1) In the event of a company being wound

up, every present and past member shall be liable to

contribute to the assets of the company to an amount

sufficient for payment of its debts and liabilities, and the

costs, charges, and expenses of the winding up, and for

the adjustment of the rights of the contributories among

themselves, subject to the provisions of subsection (2)

of this section and the following qualifications:—

(a) a past member shall not be liable to contribute

if he has ceased to be a member for one year or

upwards before the commencement of the

winding up:

(6) a past member shall not be liable to contribute

in respect of any debt or liability of the company

contracted after he ceased to be a member:

(c) a past member shall not be liable to contribute

unless it appears to the court that the existing

members are unable to satisfy the contributions

required to be made by them in pursuance of this Act:

(d) in the case of a company limited by shares no

contribution shall be required from any member

exceeding the amount, if any, unpaid on the

shares in respect of which he is liable as a

' present or past member ?

Modes of

winding up.

Liability as

contributories of

present and

past members.

398

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

(e) in the case of a company limited by guarantee,

no contribution shall, subject to the provisions

of subsection (3) of this section, be required

from any member exceeding the amount undertaken to be contributed by him to the assets

of the company in the event of its being

wound up:

(f) nothing in this Act shall invalidate any provision contained in any policy of insurance or

other contract whereby the liability of individual

members on the policy or contract is restricted,

or whereby the funds of the company are alone

made liable in respect of the policy or contract:

(g) a sum due to any member of a company, in his

character of a member, by way of dividends,

profits or otherwise, shall not be deemed to be

a debt of the company, payable to that member

in a case of competition between himself and

any other creditor not a member of the company,

but any such sum may be taken into account

for the purpose of the final adjustment of the

rights of the contributories among themselves.

(2) In the winding up of a limited company, any

director or manager, whether past or present, whose

liability is, under the provisions of this Act, unlimited,

shall, in addition to his liability (if any) to contribute as

an ordinary member, be liable to make a further contribution as if he were at the commencement of the winding

up a member of an unlimited company:

Provided that—

(a) a past director or manager shall not be liable

to make such further contribution if he has

ceased to hold office for a year or upwards

before the commencement of the winding up:

(b) a past director or manager shall not be liable

to make such further contribution hi respect

of any debt or liability of the company contracted after he ceased to hold office:

(c) subject to the articles of the company, a

director or manager shall not be liable to

make such further contribution unless the

court deems it necessary to require that contribution in order to satisfy the debts and

liabilities of the company, and the costs,

charges, and expenses of the winding up.

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 22.

(3) In the winding up of a company limited by

guarantee which has a share capital, every member of the

company shall be liable, in addition to the amount

undertaken to be contributed by him to the assets of the company in the event of its being wound up, to

contribute to the extent of any sums unpaid on any

shares held by him.

158 . The term "contributory" means every person

liable to contribute to the assets of a company in the

event of its being wound up, and for the purposes of all

proceedings for determining, and all proceedings prior

to the final determination of, the persons who are to be

deemed contributories, includes any person alleged to be

a contributory.

159 . The liability of a contributory shall create

a debt (in England of the nature of a specialty) accruing

due from him at the time when his liability commenced,

but payable at the times when calls are made for

enforcing the liability.

160 . — (1)If a contributory dies either before or

after he has been placed on the list of contributories,

his personal representatives, and the heirs and legatees

of heritage of his heritable estate in Scotland, shall be

liable in a due course of administration to contribute to

the assets of the company in discharge of his liability

and shall be contributories accordingly.

(2) Where the personal representatives are placed

on the list of contributories, the heirs or legatees of

heritage need not be added, but they may be added as

and when the court thinks fit.

(3) If in England the personal representatives make

default in paying any money ordered to be paid by

them, proceedings may be taken for administering the

estate of the deceased contributory, and for compelling

payment thereout of the money due.

161 . If a contributory becomes bankrupt, either

before or after he has been placed on the list of contributories—

(1) his trustee in bankruptcy shall represent him for

all the purposes of the winding-up, and shall

399

Part Y.

— cont.

Definition of

contributory.

Nature of

liability of

contributory.

Contributories in

case of

death of

member.

Contributories in

case of

bankruptcy

of member.

400

Part V,

■— cont.

Provision as

to married

women.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 75.

44 & 45 Vict,

e. 21.

Jurisdiction

to wind up

companies

registered

jxi England.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

be a contributory accordingly, and may be

called on to admit to proof against the estate

of the bankrupt, or otherwise to allow to be

paid out of his assets in due course of law,

any money due from the bankrupt in respect

of his liability to contribute to the assets of the company; and

(2) there maj 7 be proved against the estate of the

bankrupt the estimated value of his liability

to future calls as well as calls already made.

162.—(1) The husband of a female contributory

married before the date of the commencement of the

Married Women’s Property Act, 1882, or the Married

Women’s Property (Scotland) Act, 1881, as the case

may be, shall, during the continuance of the marriage,

be liable, as respects any liability attaching to any

shares acquired by her before that date, to contribute

to the assets of the company the same sum as she would

have been liable to contribute if she had not married,

and he shall be a contributory accordingly.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, nothing in this Act shall

affect the provisions of the Married Women’s Property

Act, 1882, or the Married Women’s Property (Scotland)

Act, 1881.

(ii) Winding Up by the Court.

Jurisdiction.

163.—(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction

to wind up any company registered in England.

(2) In the case of a company whose registered office

is situate within the jurisdiction of the Chancery Court

of the County Palatine of Lancaster or the Chancery

Court of the County Palatine of Durham, the palatine

court shall have concurrent jurisdiction with the High

Court to wind up the company.

(3) Where the amount of the share capital of a

company paid up or credited as paid up does not exceed

ten thousand pounds, the county court of the district

in which the registered office of the company is situate

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

401

shall, subject to the provisions of this section, have Part V.

concurrent jurisdiction with the High Court to wind up conL

the company.

(4) Where a company is formed for working mines

within the stannaries and is not shown to be working

mines beyond the limits of the stannaries or to be

engaged in any other undertaking beyond those limits,

or to have entered into a contract for such working or

undertaking, the court exercising the stannaries juris-

diction shall, whatever may be the amount of the capital

of the company and wherever the registered office of the company is situate, have concurrent jurisdiction

with the High Court to wind up the company.

(5) The Lord Chancellor may by order exclude a

county court from having jurisdiction under this Act,

and for the purposes of that jurisdiction may attach its

district, or any part thereof, to any other county court,

and may revoke or vary any such order.

In exercising his powers under this section, the Lord

Chancellor shall provide that a county court shall not

have jurisdiction under this Act unless it has for the time

being jurisdiction in bankruptcy.

An order made under this provision shall not affect

any jurisdiction or powers vested in any county court

under or by virtue of the Stannaries Jurisdiction 59 & 60 Vict.

(Abolition) Act, 1896. 45 •

(6) Every court in England having jurisdiction under

this Act to wind up a company shall for the purposes of

that jurisdiction have all the powers of the High Court,

and every prescribed officer of the court shall perform

any duties which an officer of the High Court may discharge by order of the judge thereof or otherwise in

relation to the winding up of a company.

(7) Nothing in this section shall invalidate a proceeding by reason of its being taken in a wrong court.

(8) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" registered office" means the place which has longest

been the registered office of the company during the six

months immediately preceding the presentation of the

petition for winding-up.

C c

402

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

Conduct of

winding up

business in

High Court

in England.

15 & l(i

Geo. 5.

c. 49.

Transfer of

proceedings

from one

court to

another and

statement

of case^by

county

court.

164 . — (1)Subject to any order made under section

fifty-seven or section sixty A. of the Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, and without prejudice to the power to make orders of transfer under that

Act, the jurisdiction of the High Court to wind up

companies in England under this Act shall, as the Lord

Chancellor may from time to time by general order

direct, be exercised either by such judge or judges of the

Chancery Division of the High Court as the Lord Chancellor may assign for the purpose or by the judge or

judges for the time being exercising the bankruptcy

jurisdiction of the High Court.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may give directions as

aforesaid either generally or with respect to any specified

classes of cases.

(3) Provision may be made by general rules for

regulating the exercise of the said jurisdiction of the

High Court under this Act.

165 . —(1) The winding up of a company by the

court in England or any proceedings in the winding up

may at any time and at any stage, and either with or

without application from any of the parties thereto, be

transferred from one court to another court, or may be

retained in the court in which the proceedings were

commenced, although it may not be the court in which

they ought to have been commenced.

(2) The powers of transfer given by the foregoing

provisions of this section may, subject to and in accordance with general rules, be exercised by the Lord

Chancellor or by any judge of the High Court having

jurisdiction under this Act, or, as regards any case within

the jurisdiction of any other court, by the judge of that

court.

(3) If any question arises in any winding up proceeding in a county court which all the parties to the

proceeding, or which one of them and the judge of the

court, desire to have determined in the first instance in

the High Court, the judge shall state the facts in the

form of a special case for the opinion of the High Court,

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

403

and thereupon the special case and the proceedings, or

such of them as may be required, shall be transmitted

to the High Court for the purposes of the determination.

166 . — (1)The Court of Session shall have jurisdiction to wind up any company registered in Scotland.

(2) When the Court of Session is in vacation, the

jurisdiction conferred on that court by tills section may,

subject to the provisions of this Act, be exercised by the

Lord Ordinary on the Bills.

(3) Where the amount of the share capital of a

company paid up or credited as paid up does not exceed

ten thousand pounds, the sheriff court of the sheriffdom

in which the registered office of the company is situate

shall have concurrent jurisdiction with the Court of

Session to wind up the company:

Provided that—

(a) it shall be lawful for the Court of Session, if it

appears to the court having regard to the

amount of the assets of the company expedient

to do so, to remit to any sheriff court any

petition presented to the Court of Session for

winding up any such company, or to require

any such petition presented to a sheriff court

to be remitted to the Court of Session; and

(b) it shall be lawful for the Court of Session to

require that any such petition as aforesaid

presented to one sheriff court be remitted

to another sheriff court; and

(c) in a winding up in the sheriff court it shall

be lawful for the sheriff court to submit a

stated case for the opinion of the Court of

Session on any question of law arising in that

winding up.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" registered office" means the place which has longest

been the registered office of the company during the

six months immediately preceding the presentation of the

petition for winding up.

, Cc2

Part V.

— cant.

Jurisdiction

t.o wind

up companies in

Scotland.

404

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

Power in

Scotland to

remit winding up to

Lord

Ordinary.

Circumstances in

which company may

be wound

up by court

Definition

of inability

to pay

debts.

167 . Where the Court of Session makes a winding-

up order, it may, if it thinks fit, at any time direct all

subsequent proceedings in the winding up to be taken

before one of the permanent Lords Ordinary, and remit

the winding up to him accordingly, and thereupon that

Lord Ordinary shall, for the purposes of the winding up,

have all the powers and jurisdiction of the court:

Provided that the Lord Ordinary may report to the

division of the court any matter which may arise in the

course of the winding up.

Cases in which Company may be wound up by Court.

168 . A company may be wound up by the court

if—

(1) the company has by special resolution resolved

that the company be wound up by the court:

(2) default is made in delivering the statutory

report to the registrar or in holding the statutory meeting:

(3) the company does not commence its business

within a year from its incorporation, or suspends

its business for a whole year:

(4) the number of members is reduced, in the case

of a private company, below two, or, in the

case of any other company, below seven:

(5) the company is unable to pay its debts:

(6) the court is of opinion that it is just and

equitable that the company should be wound

up.

169 . A company shall be deemed to be unable to

pay its debts—

(1) if a creditor, by assignment or otherwise, to

whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding fifty pounds then due, has served on

the company, by leaving it at the registered

office of the company, a demand under his hand

requiring the company to pay the sum so due,

and the company has for three weeks thereafter

neglected to pay the sum, or to secure or

compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction

of the creditor; or

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

(2) if, in England or Northern Ireland, execution or

other process issued on a judgment, decree or

order of any court in favour of a creditor of the

company is returned unsatisfied in whole or in

part; or

(3) if, in Scotland, the inducise of a charge for

payment on an extract decree, or an extract

registered bond, or an extract registered protest

have expired without payment being made; or

(4) if it is proved to the satisfaction of the court

that the company is unable to pay its debts,

and, in determining whether a company is

unable to pay its debts, the court shall take

into account the contingent and prospective

liabilities of the company.

Petition for Winding Up and Effects thereof.

170 . — (1)An application to the court for the

winding up of a company shall be by petition, presented

subject to the provisions of this section either by the

company, or by any creditor or creditors (including any

contingent or prospective creditor or creditors), contributory or contributories, or by all or any of those

parties, together or separately:

Provided that—

(a) A contributory shall not be entitled to present

a winding-up petition unless—

(i) either the number of members is

reduced, in the case of a private company,

below two, or, in the case of any other

company, below seven; or

(ii) the shares in respect of which he is

a contributory, or some of them, either were

originally allotted to him or have been held

by him, and registered in his name, for at

least six months during the eighteen months

before the commencement of the winding

up, or have devolved on him through the

death of a former holder; and

(b) A winding-up petition shall not, if the ground

of the petition is default in delivering the

405

Part V.

— cont.

Provisions

as to applications for

winding up

400

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

statutory report to the registrar or in holding

the statutory meeting, be presented by any

person except a shareholder, nor before the

expiration of fourteen days after the last day

on which the meeting ought to have been

held; and

(c) The court shall not give a hearing to a winding-

up petition presented by a contingent or

prospective creditor until such security for

costs has been given as the court thinks

reasonable and until a prima facie case for

winding up has been established to the

satisfaction of the court.

(2) Where a company is being wound up voluntarily

or subject to supervision in England, a winding-up

petition may be presented by the official receiver attached

to the court as well as by any other person authorised

in that behalf under the other provisions of this section,

but the court shall not make a winding-up order on the

petition unless it is satisfied that the voluntary winding

up or winding up subject to supervision cannot be

continued with due regard to the interests of the creditors

or contributories.

(3) Where under the provisions of this Part of this Act any person as being the husband of a female contributory is himself a contributory, and a share has

during the whole or any part of the six months mentioned

in proviso (a) (ii) to subsection (1) of this section been

held by or registered in the name of the wife, or by or in

the name of a trustee for the wife or for the husband,

the share shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed

to have been held by and registered in the name of the

husband.

Powers of 171 . — (1)On hearing a winding-up petition the

court on court may dismiss it, or adjourn the hearing con-

hearing ditionally or unconditionally, or make any interim order,

petition. or an y ^her order that it thinks fit, but the court shall

not refuse to make a winding-up order on the ground

only that the assets of the company have been mortgaged

to an amount equal to or in excess of those assets, or

that the company has no assets.

(2) Where the petition is presented on the ground

of default in delivering the statutory report to the

Part V.

— cont.

1920. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23. 407

registrar or in holding the statutory meeting, the court

may—

(a) instead of making a winding-up order, direct

that the statutory report shall be delivered or

that a meeting shall be held; and

(b) order the costs to be paid by any persons who,

in the opinion of the court, are responsible for

the default.

Part V.

— cont.

172 . At any time after the presentation of a Power to

winding-up petition, and before a winding-up order has stay or re-

been made, the company, or any creditor or contributory, may—

(a) where any action or proceeding against the company is pending in the High Court or Court of

Appeal in England or Northern Ireland, apply

to the court in which the action or proceeding

is pending for a stay of proceedings therein;

and

strain proceedings

against

company.

(b) where any other action or proceeding is pending

against the company, apply to the court having

jurisdiction to wind up the company to restrain

further proceedings in the action or proceeding;

and the court to which application is so made may, as

the case may be, stay or restrain the proceedings

accordingly on such terms as it thinks fit.

173 . In a winding up by the court, any dis- A voidance of

position of the property of the company, including prop?rty?&c. f

things in action, and any transfer of shares, or altera- after com-

tion in the status of the members of the company, ^dSg°up.° f

made after the commencement of the winding up, shall,

unless the court otherwise orders, be void.

174 . — (1)Where any company registered in Eng- Avoidance

land is being wound up by the court, any attachment, of attach-

sequestration, distress, or execution put in force against & f c "

the estate or effects of the company after the com-

mencement of the winding up shall be void to all company

intents. and in case

... . of effects in

(2) the provisions of this section shall, so far as England of

relates to any estate or effects of the company situate in Scottish

company.

408

Part V.

— cont.

Commencement of

winding lip

by the

court.

Copy of

order to be

forwarded to

registrar.

Actions

stayed on

winding-up

order.

Effect of

winding-up

order.

Official receiver in

bankruptcy

to be official

receiver for

winding-up

purposes.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

England, apply in the case of a company registered in

Scotland as it applies in the case of a company registered

in England.

Commencement of Winding Up.

175 . —(1) Where before the presentation of a petition for the winding up of a company by the court a

resolution has been passed by the company for

voluntary winding up, the winding up of the company shall be deemed to have commenced at the

time of the passing of the resolution, and unless the

court, on proof of fraud or mistake, thinks fit otherwise

to direct, all proceedings taken in the voluntary winding

up shall be deemed to have been validly taken.

(2) In any other case, the winding up of a company

by the court shall be deemed to commence at the time

of the presentation of the petition for the winding up.

Consequences of Winding-up Order.

176 . On the making of a winding-up order, a copy

of the order must forthwith be forwarded by the company,

or otherwise as may be prescribed, to the registrar of

companies, who shah make a minute thereof in his books

relating to the company.

177 . When a winding-up order has been made, or a

provisional liquidator has been appointed, no action or

proceeding shall be proceeded with or commenced against

the company except by leave of the court, and subject

to such terms as the court may impose.

178 . An order for winding up a company shall

operate in favour of all the creditors and of all the

contributories of the company as if made on the joint

petition of a creditor and of a contributory.

Official Receiver in English Winding Up.

179 . — (1)For the purposes of this Act so far as it

relates to the winding up of companies by the court

in England, the term " official receiver" means the

official receiver, if any, attached to the court for bankruptcy purposes, or, if there is more than one such official

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

receiver, then such one of them as the Board of Trade may

appoint, or, if there is no such official receiver, then an

officer appointed for the purpose by the Board.

(2) Any such officer shall for the purpose of his

duties under this Act be styled "the official receiver."

180 . If in the case of the winding up of any

company by the court in England it appears to the

court desirable, with a view to securing the more convenient and economical conduct of the winding up, that

some officer, other than the person who would by virtue

of the last foregoing section of this Act be the official

receiver, should be the official receiver for the purposes

of that winding up, the court may appoint that other

officer to act as official receiver in that winding up, and

the person so appointed shall be deemed to be the

official receiver in that winding up for all the purposes

of this Act.

181 . — (1)Where the court in England has made

a winding-up order or appointed a provisional liquidator,

there shall, unless the court thinks fit to order

otherwise and so orders, be made out and submitted to the official receiver a statement as to the

affairs of the company in the prescribed form, verified

by affidavit, and showing the particulars of its assets,

debts, and liabilities, the names, residences, and occupations of its creditors, the securities held by them

respectively, the dates when the securities were respectively given, and such further or other information as

may be prescribed or as the official receiver may require.

(2) The statement shall be submitted and verified

by one or more of the persons who are at the relevant

date the directors and by the person who is at that

date the secretary or other chief officer of the company, or by such of the persons hereinafter in this

subsection mentioned as the official receiver, subject to

the direction of the court, may require to submit and

verify the statement, that is to say, persons—

(a) who are or have been directors or officers of the

company;

(b) who have taken part in the formation of the

company at any time within one year before

the relevant date;

409

Part V.

— cont.

Appointment of

official

receiver by

court in

certain

cases.

Statement

of company’s

affairs to be

submitted

to official

receiver.

410

Part V.

— cont.

Report bj

official

receiver.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(c) who are in the employment of the company, or

have been in the employment of the company

within the said year, and are in the opinion of the official receiver capable of giving the information required;

(d) who are or have been within the said year

officers of or in the employment of a company,

which is, or within the said year was, an officer

of the company to which the statement relates.

(3) The statement shall be submitted within fourteen

days from the relevant date, or within such extended

time as the official receiver or the court may for

special reasons appoint.

(4) Any person making or concurring in making the

statement and affidavit required by this section shall be

allowed, and shall be paid by the official receiver or

provisional liquidator, as the case may be, out of the

assets of the company, such costs and expenses incurred

in and about the preparation. and making of the statement and affidavit as the official receiver may consider

reasonable, subject to an appeal to the court.

(5) If any person, without reasonable excuse, makes

default in complying with the requirements of this

section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten

pounds for every day during which the default continues.

(6) Any person stating himself in writing to be a

creditor or contributory of the company shall be entitled

by himself or by his agent at all reasonable times, on

payment of the prescribed fee, to inspect the statement

submitted in pursuance of this section, and to a copy

thereof or extract therefrom.

(7) Any person untruthfully so stating himself to be

a creditor or contributory shall be guilty of a contempt

of court and shall, on the application of the liquidator

or of the official receiver, be punishable accordingly.

(8) In this section the expression "the relevant

date" means in a case where a provisional liquidator is

appointed, the date of his appointment, and, in a case

where no such appointment is made, the date of the

winding up order.

182 . —(1) In a case where a winding-up order is

made, the official receiver shall, as soon as practicable

after receipt of the statement to be submitted under the

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23. 411

last foregoing section, or, in a case where the court orders Part V.

that no statement shall he submitted, as soon as practi- — <x>nt.

cable after the date of the order, submit a preliminary

report to the court—

(a) as to the amount of capital issued, subscribed,

and paid up, and the estimated amount of

assets and liabilities; and

(b) if the company has failed, as to the causes of the

failure; and

(c) whether in his opinion further inquiry is desirable

as to any matter relating to the promotion,

formation, or failure of the company, or the

conduct of the business thereof.

(2) The official receiver may also, if he thinks fit,

make a further report, or further reports, stating the

manner in which the company was formed and whether

in his opinion any fraud has been committed by any

person in its promotion or formation, or by any director

or other officer of the company in relation to the company since the formation thereof, and any other matters

which in his opinion it is desirable to bring to the notice

of the court.

(3) If the official receiver states in any such further

report as aforesaid that in his opinion a fraud has been

committed as aforesaid, the court shall have the further

powers provided in sections two hundred and sixteen and

two hundred and seventeen of this Act.

Liquidators.

183 . For the purpose of conducting the pro- Power of

ceedings in winding up a company and performing such court to

duties in reference thereto as the court may impose, appoint

the court may appoint a liquidator or liquidators. liquidators.

184 . — (1)Subject to the provisions of this section, Appoint-

the court may appoint a liquidator provisionally at any ment and

time after the presentation of a winding up petition. powers of

* provisional

(2) Where the proceedings are in England, the liquidator,

appointment of a provisional liquidator may be made

at any time before the making of a winding up order,

and either the official receiver or any other fit person may

be appointed.

412

Part V.

— cont.

Appointment, style

&c. of

liquidators

in England.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(3) Where the proceedings are in Scotland, the

appointment of a provisional liquidator may be made at

any time before the first appointment of liquidators.

(4) Where a liquidator is provisionally appointed by

the court, the court may limit and restrict his powers by

the order appointing him.

185 . The following provisions with respect to

liquidators shall have effect on a winding-up order being

made in England:—

(1) The official receiver shall by virtue of his office

become the provisional liquidator and shall

continue to act as such until he or another

person becomes liquidator and is capable of

acting as such:

(2) The official receiver shall summon separate

meetings of the creditors and contributories of the company for the purpose of determining

whether or not an application is to be made

to the court for appointing a liquidator in the

place of the official receiver:

(3) The court may make any appointment and

order required to give effect to any such determination, and, if there is a difference between

the determinations of the meetings of the

creditors and contributories in respect of the

matter aforesaid, the court shall decide the

difference and make such order thereon as the

court may think fit:

(4) In a case where a liquidator is not appointed

by the court, the official receiver shall be the

liquidator of the company:

(5) The official receiver shall by virtue of his office

be the liquidator during any vacancy:

(6) A liquidator shall be described, where a person

other than the official receiver is liquidator,

by the style of " the liquidator, " and, where the

official receiver is liquidator, by the style of

" the official receiver and liquidator, " of the

particular company in respect of which he is

appointed, and not by his individual name.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

413

186 . Where in the winding up of a company by the

court in England a person other than the official receiver

is appointed liquidator, that person—

(1) shall not be capable of acting as liquidator

until he has notified his appointment to the

registrar of companies and. given security in the

prescribed manner to the satisfaction of the

Board of Trade:

(2) shall give the official receiver such information

and. such access to and. facilities for inspecting

the books and documents of the company, and

generally such aid as may be requisite for

enabling that officer to perform his duties

under this Act.

187 . The following provisions with respect to the

liquidators shall have effect in a winding up by the court

in Scotland:—

(1) The court may determine whether any and what

security is to be given by a liquidator on his

appointment:

(2) A liquidator shall be described by the style of

"the official liquidator" of the particular company in respect of which he is appointed and

not by his individual name:

(3) Where an order has been made for winding

up a company subject to supervision, and

an order is afterwards made for winding up

by the court, the court may by the last-

mentioned or by any subsequent order appoint

any person who is then liquidator, either

provisionally or permanently, and either with

or without any other person, to be liquidator in the winding up by the court.

188 . — (1)A liquidator appointed by the court may

resign or, on cause shown, be removed by the court.

(2) Where a person other than the official receiver is

appointed liquidator, he shall receive such salary or

remuneration by way of percentage or otherwise as the

court may direct, and, if more such persons than one are

appointed liquidators, their remuneration shall be distri-

Part V.

—c ont.

Provisions

where

person

other than

official

receiver is

appointed

liquidator.

Provision.?

as to liquidators in

Scotland.

General

provisions

as to

liquidators.

414 Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V. buted among them in such proportions as the court

— c<mt. directs.

(3) A vacancy in the office of a liquidator appointed

by the court shall be filled by the court.

(4) If more than one liquidator is appointed by the

court, the court shall declare whether any act by this Act

required or authorised to be done by the liquidator is

to be done by all or any one or more of the persons

appointed.

(5) Subject to the provisions of section two hundred

and seventy-eight of this Act, the acts of a liquidator shall

be valid notwithstanding any defects that may afterwards be discovered in his appointment or qualification.

Custody of 189 . —(1) Where a winding-up order has been made

company’s or where a provisional liquidator has been appointed,

property. the liquidator, or the provisional liquidator, as the case

may be, shall take into his custody, or under his control,

all the property and things in action to which the company

is or appears to be entitled.

(2) In a winding up by the court in Scotland, if and

so long as there is no liquidator, all the property of the

company shall be deemed to be in the custody of the

court.

Vesting of 190 . Where a company is being wound up by the

property of court, the court may on the application of the liquidator

company in by order direct that all or any part of the property

liquidator. 0 | whatsoever description belonging to the company or

held by trustees on its behalf shall vest in the liquidator

by his official name, and thereupon the property to which

the order relates shall vest accordingly, and the liquidator

may, after giving such indemnity, if any, as the court may

direct, bring or defend in his official name any action

or other legal proceeding which relates to that property

or which it is necessary to bring or defend for the purpose

of effectually winding up the company and recovering

its property.

Powers of 191 . —(1) The liquidator in a winding up by the

liquidator, court shall have power with the sanction either of the

court or of the committee of inspection—

(a) to bring or defend any action or other legal

proceeding in the name and on behalf of the

company:

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

415

(b) to carry on the business of the company, so far

as may be necessary for the beneficial winding-

up thereof:

(c) to appoint a solicitor or law agent to assist him

in the performance of his duties:

(d) to pay any classes of creditors in full:

(e) to make any compromise or arrangement with

creditors or persons claiming to be creditors, or

having or alleging themselves to have any

claim, present or future, certain or contingent,

ascertained or sounding only in damages against

the company, or whereby the company may be

rendered liable:

(f) to compromise all calls and liabilities to calls,

debts, and liabilities capable of resulting in

debts, and all claims, present or future, certain

or contingent, ascertained or sounding only in

damages, subsisting or supposed to subsist

between the company and a contributory, or

alleged contributory, or other debtor or person

apprehending liability to the company, and all

questions in any way relating to or affecting the

assets or the winding up of the company, on

such terms as may be agreed, and take any

security for the discharge of any such call,

debt, liability or claim, and give a complete

discharge in respect thereof.

(2) The liquidator in a winding up by the court

shall have power—

(a) to sell the real and personal property and

things in action of the company by public

auction or private contract, with power to

transfer the whole thereof to any person or

company, or to sell the same in parcels:

(b) to do all acts and to execute, in the name and

on behalf of the company, all deeds, receipts,

and other documents, and for that purpose to

use, when necessary, the company’s seal:

(c) to prove, rank, and claim in the bankruptcy,

insolvency, or sequestration of any contributory, for any balance against his estate, and to

receive dividends in the bankruptcy, insolvency, or sequestration in respect of that

Part V.

— cant.

416

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 6.

Part V.

— cent.

balance, as a separate debt due from the bankrupt or insolvent, and rateably with the other

separate creditors:

(d) to draw, accept, make, and indorse any bill of

exchange or promissory note in the name and

on behalf of the company, with the same effect

with respect to the liability of the company

as if the bill or note had been drawn, accepted,

made, or indorsed by or on behalf of the company in the course of its business:

(e) to raise on the security of the assets of the

company any money requisite:

(f) to take out in his official name letters of administration to any deceased contributory, and to

do in his official name any other act necessary

for obtaining payment of any money due from

a contributory or his estate which cannot be

conveniently done in the name of the company, and in all such cases the money due

shah, for the purpose of enabling the liquidator

to take out the letters of administration or

recover the money, be deemed to be due to

the liquidator himself:

(g) to appoint an agent to do any business which the

liquidator is unable to do himself:

(h) to do all such other things as may be necessary

for winding up the affairs of the company and

distributing its assets.

(3) The exercise by the liquidator in a winding up

by the court of the powers conferred by this section

shall be subject to the control of the court, and any

creditor or contributory may apply to the court with

respect to any exercise or proposed exercise of any of

those powers.

(4) In the case of a winding up in Scotland, the

court may provide by any order that the liquidator may,

where there is no committee of inspection, exercise any

of the powers mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b)

of subsection (1) of this section without the sanction

or intervention of the court.

1929.

Companies, Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

417

(5) In a winding up by the court in Scotland, the

liquidator shall, subject to general rules, have the same

powers as a trustee on a bankrupt estate.

192, —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

liquidator of a company which is being wound up by the

court in England shall, in the administration of the

assets of the company and in the distribution thereof

among its creditors, have regard to any directions that

may be given by resolution of the creditors or contributories at any general meeting, or by the committee of

inspection, and any directions given by the creditors or

contributories at any general meeting shall in case of

conflict be deemed to override any directions given by

the committee of inspection.

(2) The liquidator may summon general meetings

of the creditors or contributories for the purpose of

ascertaining their wishes, and it shall be his duty to

summon meetings at such times as the creditors or

contributories, by resolution, either at the meeting

appointing the liquidator or otherwise, may direct,

or whenever requested in writing to do so by one-tenth

in value of the creditors or contributories as the case

may be.

(3) The liquidator may apply to the court in manner

prescribed for directions in relation to any particular

matter arising under the winding up.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the liquidator shall use his own discretion in the management

of the estate and its distribution among the creditors.

(5) If any person is aggrieved by any act or decision

<-f the liquidator, that person may apply to the court,

and the court may confirm, reverse, or modify the act

or decision complained of, and make such order in the

premises as it thinks just.

193. Ever} 7 liquidator of a company which is being

wound uj) by the court in England shall keep, in manner

11 escribed, proper books in which he shall cause to be

made entries or minutes of proceedings at meetings,

and of such other matters as may be prescribed, and any

creditor or contributory may, subject to the control of the court, personally or by his agent inspect any such

books.

E d

Part V.

— oont.

Exercise

and control

of liquidator’s

powers in

End-»a 3.

i>o. , -ks to be

' •a-j it by

o iidatof bi

I'njlnnd-

418

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20'Geo. 5.

194. —(1) Every liquidator of a company which

is being wound up by the court in England shall, in

such manner and at such times as the Board of Trade,

with the concurrence of the Treasury, direct, pay the

money received by him to the Companies Liquidation

Account at the Bank of England, and the Board shall

furnish him with a certificate of receipt of the money

so paid:

Provided that, if the committee of inspection

satisfy the Board of Trade that for the purpose of

carrying on the business of the company or of obtaining

advances, or for any other reason, it is for the advantage

of the creditors or contributories that the liquidator

should have an account with any other bank, the Board

shall, on the application of the committee of inspection,

authorise the liquidator to make his payments into

and out of such other bank as the committee may select,

and thereupon those payments shall be made in the

prescribed manner.

(2) If any such liquidator at any time retains for

more than ten days a sum exceeding fifty pounds, or

such other amount as the Board of Trade in any particular case authorise him to retain, then, unless he

explains the retention to the satisfaction of the Board,

he shall pay interest on the amount so retained in excess

at the rate of twenty per cent, per annum, and shall be

liable to disallowance of all or such part of his

remuneration as the Board may think just, and to

be removed from his office by the Board, and shall be

liable to pay any expenses occasioned by reason of

his default.

(3) A liquidator of a company which is being

wound up by the court in England shall not pay any

sums received by him as liquidator into his private

banking account.

195. —(1) Every liquidator of a company which is

being wound up by the court in England shall, at such

times as may be prescribed but not less than twice in

each year during his tenure of office, send to the Board

of Trade, or as they direct, an account of his receipts

and payments as liquidator.

Audit of

liquidator's

accounts in

England.

Part V.

— ctnt.

Payn.ents of

liquidator

in England

into bank.

192!*.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

419

(2) The account shall be in a prescribed form, shall

be made in duplicate, and shall be verified by a statutory

declaration in the prescribed form.

(3) The Board shall cause the account to be audited

and for the purpose of the audit the liquidator shall

furnish the Board with such vouchers and information

as the Board may require, and the Board may at any

time require the production of and inspect any books or

accounts kept by the liquidator.

(4) When the account has been audited, one copy

thereof shall be filed and kept by the Board, and the other

copy shall be delivered to the court for filing, and each

copy shall be open to the inspection of any creditor, or

of any person interested.

(5) The Board shall cause the account when audited

or a summary thereof to be printed, and shall send a

printed copy of the account or summary by post to every

creditor and contributory.

196. —(1) The Board of Trade shall take cognizance

of the conduct of liquidators of companies which are

being wound up by the court in England, and, if a liquidator does not faithfully perform his duties and duly

observe all the requirements imposed on him by statute,

rules, or otherwise with respect to the performance of

his duties, or if any complaint is made to the Board by

any creditor or contributory in regard thereto, the Board

shall inquire into the matter, and take such action

thereon as they may think expedient.

(2) The Board may at any time require any liquidator

of a company which is being wound up by the court in

England to answer any inquiry in relation to any winding

up in which he is engaged, and may, if the Board think

fit, apply to the court to examine him or any other person

on oath concerning the winding up.

(3) The Board may also direct a local investigation

to be made of the books and vouchers of the liquidator.

197. —(1) When the liquidator of a company which

is being wound up by the court in England has realised

all the property of the company, or so much thereof

as can, in his opinion, be realised without needlessly

Part V.

— cord.

Control of

Board of

Trade over

liquidators

in England.

Release of

liquidators

in England.

420

Pajst V.

— cont.

Meetings of

creditors

and contributories to

determine

whether

committee

of inspection shall be

appointed.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

protracting the liquidation, and has distributed a final

dividend, if any, to the creditors, and adjusted the rights

of the contributories among themselves, and made a

final return, if any, to the contributories, or has resigned,

or has been removed from his office, the Board of Trade

shall, on his application, cause a report on his accounts

to be prepared, and, on his complying with all the

requirements of the Board, shall take into consideration

the report, and any objection which may be urged by

any creditor or contributory, or person interested

against the release of the liquidator, and shall either

grant or withhold the release accordingly, subject nevertheless to an appeal to the High Court.

(2) Where the release of a liquidator is withheld,

the court may, on the application of any creditor or

contributory, or person interested, make such order as

it thinks just, charging the liquidator with the consequences of any act or default which he may have done

or made contrary to his duty.

(3) An order of the Board of Trade releasing the

liquidator shall discharge him from all liability in respect

of any act done or default made by him in the administration of the affairs of the company, or otherwise in

relation to his conduct as liquidator, but any such order

may be revoked on proof that it was obtained by fraud

or by suppression or concealment of any material fact.

(4) Where the liquidator has not previously resigned

or been removed, his release shall operate as a removal

of him from his office.

Committees of Inspection.

198, —(1) When a winding up order has been made

by tho court in England, it shall be the business of the

separate meetings of creditors and contributories summoned for the purpose of determining whether or not

a n application should be made to the court for appointing a liquidator in place of the official receiver, to

determine further whether or not an application is to be

made to the court for the appointment of a committee

of inspection to act with the liquidator and who are to

be members of the committee if appointed.

1920. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

(2 > When a winding-up order has been made by the

court in Scotland, the liquidator shall summon separate

meetings of the creditors and contributories of the

company for the purpose of determining whether or not

an application is to be made to the court for the appointment of a committee of inspection to act with the

liquidator and who are to be the members of the

committee if appointed:

Provided that, where the winding-up order has

been made on the ground that the company is unable

to pay its debts, it shall not be necessary for the

liquidator to summon a meeting of the contributories.

(3) The court may make any appointment and order

required to give effect to any such determination, and if

there is a difference between the determinations of the

meetings of the creditors and contributories in respect

of the matters aforesaid the court shall decide the

difference and make such order thereon as the court

raay think fit.

19S.—(1) A committee of inspection appointed in

pursuance of this Act shall consist of creditors and

contributories of the company or persons holding general

powers of attorney from creditors or contributories in

such proportions as may be agreed on by the meetings

of creditors and contributories, or as, in case of difference,

may be determined by the court:

Provided that, where in Scotland a winding up

order has been made on the ground that a company is

unable to pay its debts, the committee shall consist of

creditors or persons holding general powers of attorney

from creditors.

(2) The committee shall meet at such times as they

from time to time appoint, and, failing such appointment, at least once a month, and the liquidator or any

member of the committee may also call a meeting of the

committee as and when he thinks necessary.

(3) The committee may act by a majority of their

members present at a meeting, but shall not act unless

a majority of the committee are present.

(4) A member of the committee may resign by

notice in writing signed by him and delivered to tb<

liquidator.

421

Part V.

—COHt

Constitution

and proceedings of

committee

of inspection.

422

Part V.

— cont.

Powers of

Board of

Trade in England where no

committee of

inspection.

Additional

powers of

committee

of inspection

in Scotland.

Power to

stay winding

up.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(5) If a member of the committee becomes bankrupt, or compounds or arranges with his creditors, or is

absent from five consecutive meetings of the committee

without the leave of those members who together with

himself represent the creditors or contributories, as the

case may be, his office shall thereupon become vacant.

(6) A member of the committee may be removed

by an ordinary resolution at a meeting of creditors, if he

represents creditors, or of contributories, if he represents

contributories, of which seven days’ notice has been

given, stating the object of the meeting.

(7) On a vacancy occurring in the committee the

liquidator shall forthwith summon a meeting of creditors

or of contributories, as the case may require, to fill the

vacancy, and the meeting may, by resolution, re-appoint

the same or appoint another creditor or contributory to

fill the vacancy.

(8) The continuing members of the committee, if

not less than two, may act notwithstanding any vacancy

in the committee.

200. Where in the case of a winding up in

England there is no committee of inspection, the Board

of Trade may, on the application of the liquidator, do

any act or thing or give any direction or permission

which is by this Act authorised or required to be done

or given by the committee.

201. In the case of a winding up in Scotland, the

committee of inspection shall, in addition to the powers

and duties conferred and imposed on it by this Act,

have such of the powers and duties of commissioners

on a bankrupt estate as may be conferred and imposed

on committees of inspection by general rules.

General Powers of Court in case of Winding-up by L uurt.

202.—(1) The court may at any time after an order

for winding up, on the application either of the liquidator,

or the official receiver, or any creditor or contributory, and

on proof to the satisfaction of the court that all proceedings

in relation to the winding up ought to be stayed, make

an order staying the proceedings, either altogether or for

a limited time, on such terms and conditions as the court

thinks fit.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

423

(2) On any application under this section the court

may, before making an order, require the official receiver

to furnish to the court a report with respect to any facts

or matters which are in his opinion relevant to the application.

203. —(1) As soon as may be after making a

winding-up order, the court shall settle a list of

contributories, with power to rectify the register of

members in all cases where rectification is required in

pursuance of this Act, and shall cause the assets of the company to be collected, and applied in discharge of

its liabilities:

Provided that, where it appears to the court that

it will not be necessary to make calls on or adjust the

rights of contributories, the court may dispense with the

settlement of a list of contributories.

(2) In settling the list of contributories, the

coux-t shall distinguish between persons who are contributories in their own right and persons who are

contributories as being representatives of or liable for the

debts of others.

204. The court may, at any time after making a

winding-up order, require any contributory for the

time being on the list of contributories, and any trustee,

receiver, banker, agent or officer of the company to

pay, deliver, convey, surrender, or transfer forthwith,

or within such time as the court directs, to the liquidator

any money, property, or books and papers in his hands

to which the company is prirna facie entitled.

205. —(1) The court may, at any time after making

a winding-up order, make an order on any contributory

for the time being on the list of contributories to pay,

in manner directed by the order, any money due from

him or from the estate of the person whom he represents

to the company, exclusive of any money payable by

him or the estate by virtue of any call in pursuance of this Act.

(2) The court in making such an order may—

(a) in the case of an unlimited company, allow

to the contributory by way of set-olf any

money due to him or to the estate which

he represents from the company on any

Part V.

—cont

Settlement

of list of

contributories and

application

of assets.

Delivery of

property to

liquidator.

Payment ot

debts due by

contributory to company and

extent to

which set off

allowed

424

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

—coni

independent dealing or contract with the

company, but not any money due to him

as a member of the company in respect of

any dividend or profit; and

(6)in the case of a limited company, make to

an}' director or manager whose liability

is unlimited or to his estate the like

allowance.

(3) In the case of any company, whether limited

or unlimited, when all the creditors are paid in full,

any money due on any account whatever to a contributory from the company may be allowed to him by

way of set-oil against any subsequent call.

Power of

court to

make calls.

206.—(1) The court may, at any time after making

a winding-up order, and either before or after it has

ascertained the sufficiency of the assets of the company,

make calls on all or any of the contributories for the

time being settled on the list of the contributories to

the extent of their liability, for payment of any money

which the court considers necessary to satisfy the debts

and liabilities of the company, and the costs, charges,

and expenses of winding up, and for the adjustment of the rights of the contributories among themselves, and

make an order for payment of any calls so made.

(2) In making a call the court may take into consideration the probability that some of the contributories

may partly or wholly fail to pay the call.

Payment 207.—(1) The court, may order an 3 ' contributor}',

into Bank of purchaser or other person from whom money is due to

towxm^.an^ company to pay the amount due into the Bank of

p ' England or any branch thereof to the account of the

Order on

contributory

conclusive

evidence.

liquidator instead of to the liquidator, and any such

order may be enforced in the same maimer as if it had

directed payment to the liquidator.

(2) All moneys and securities paid or delivered

into the Bank of England or any branch thereof in

the event of a winding up by the court shall be subject

in all respects to the orders of the court.

208.—(1) An order made by the court on a

contributory shall, subject to any right of appeal, be

conclusive evidence that the money, if any, thereby

appearing to be due or ordered to be paid is due.

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

(2) All other pertinent matters stated in the order

shall be taken to be truly stated as against all persons

and in all proceedings, except proceedings in Scotland

against the heritable estate of a deceased contributory,

in which case the order shall be only prima facie

evidence for the purpose of charging his heritable estate,

unless his heirs or legatees of heritage were on the list

of contributories at the time of the order being made.

209. — (1) Where in proceedings in England the

official receiver becomes the liquidator of a company,

whether provisionally or otherwise, he may, if satisfied

that the nature of the estate or business of the company,

or the interests of the creditors or contributories generally,

require the appointment of a special manager of the

estate or business of the company other than himself,

apply to the court, and the court may on such application, appoint a special manager of the said estate or

business to act during such time as the court may direct,

with such powers, including any of the pow r ers of a receiver

or manager, as may be entrusted to him by the court.

(2) The special manager shall give such security and

account in such manner as the Board of Trade direct.

(3) The special manager shall receive such remuneration as may be fixed by the court.

210. The court may fix a time or times within

which creditors are to prove their debts or claims, or to

be excluded from the benefit of any distribution made

before those debts are proved.

211. The court shall adjust the rights of the

contributories among themselves, and distribute any

surplus among the persons entitled thereto.

212. The court may, at any time after making a

w'inding-up order, make such order for inspection of the

books and papers of the company by creditors and

contributories as the court thinks just, and any books

and papers in the possession of the company may be

inspected by creditors or contributories accordingly, but

not further or otherwise.

213. The court may, in the event of the assets

being insufficient to satisfy the liabilities, make an order

as to the payment out of the assets of the costs, charges,

425

Paj{T V.

— xnit.

Appointment in

England of

special

manager.

Power to ex-

cludo creditor *

not proving In

time.

Adjustment of

rinlits of contributories.

Inspection

of books

by creditors

and contributories.

Power to

order costs of

winding up to

be paid out of

assets.

426

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V. and expenses incurred in the winding up in such order

—cont. 0 f priority as the court thinks just.

Power to 214. — (1) The court may, at any time after the

summon appointment of a provisional liquidator or the making

persons sus 0 | a winding-up order, summon before it any officer of

having pro- 1C company or person known or suspected to have in

perty of his possession any property of the company or supposed

company. to be indebted to the company, or any person whom the

court deems capable of giving information concerning the

promotion, formation, trade, dealings, affairs, or property

of the company.

(2) The court may examine him on oath concerning

the matters aforesaid, either by word of mouth or on

written interrogatories, and may reduce his answers to

writing and require him to sign them.

(3) The court may require him to produce any books

and papers in his custody or power relating to the company, but, where he claims any lien on books or papers

produced by him, the production shall be without prejudice to that lien, and the court shall have jurisdiction

in the winding up to determine all questions relating

to that lien.

(4) If any person so summoned, after being tendered

a reasonable sum for his expenses, refuses to come before

the court at the time appointed, not having a lawful

impediment (made known to the court at the time of

its sitting, and allowed by it), the court may cause him

to be apprehended and brought before the court for

examination.

Attendance

of director

of company

at meetings

of creditors,

&c. in

Scotland.

215. In the winding up by the court of a company

registered in Scotland, the court shall have power to

require the attendance of any director or other officer of the company at any meeting of creditors or of contributories or of a committee of inspection for the purpose

of giving information as to the trade, dealings, affairs or

property of the company.

Power in 216.—(1) Where an order has been made in England

England to f or winding up a company by the court, and the official

examination rece ver as ma e a further report under this Act stating

0 f p ro _ that in his opinion a fraud has been committed by any

motors, person in the promotion or formation of the company,

director-, or by any director or other officer of the company in

A.e.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

427

relation to the company since its formation, the court

may, after consideration of the report, direct that that

person, director or officer shall attend before the court on

a day appointed by the court for that purpose, and be

publicly examined as to the promotion or formation or

the conduct of the business of the company, or as to

his conduct and dealings as director or officer thereof.

(2) The official receiver shall take part in the examination, and for that purpose may, if specially authorised

by the Board of Trade in that behalf, employ a solicit* >r

with or without counsel.

(3) The liquidator, where the official receiver is not

the liquidator, and any creditor or contributory, may

also take part in the examination either personal!}' or

by solicitor or counsel.

(4) The court may put such questions to the person

examined as the court thinks fit.

(5) The person examined shall be examined on

oath, and shall answer all such questions as the court

may put or allow to be put to him.

(6) A person ordered to be examined under this

section shall at his own cost, before his examination, be

furnished with a copy of the official receiver’s report,

and may at his own cost employ a solicitor with or

without counsel, who shall be at liberty to put to him

such questions as the court may deem just for the

purpose of enabling him to explain or qualify any answers

given by him:

Provided that, if any such person applies to the

court to be exculpated from any charges made or

suggested against him, it shall be the duty of the

official receiver to appear on the hearing of the application and call the attention of the court to any matters

which appear to the official receiver to be relevant, and

if the court, after hearing any evidence given or

witnesses called by the official receiver, grants the

application, the court may allow the applicant such

costs as in its discretion it may think fit.

(7) Notes of the examination shall be taken down in

writing, and shall be read over to or by, and signed by,

the person examined, and may thereafter be used in

Part V.

— cont.

428

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Ch. 23.

Tart V. evidence against him, and shall be open to the inspection

—cent. 0 f an y creditor or contributory at all reasonable times.

(8) The court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the

examination from time to time.

(9) An examination under this section may, if the

coxirt so directs, and subject to general rules, be held

before any judge of county courts, or before any officer

of the Supreme Court, being an official referee, master,

or registrar in bankruptcy, or before any district registrar of the High Court named for the purpose by the

Lord Chancellor, or, in the case of companies being

wound up by a Palatine Court, before a registrar of that

court, and the powers of the court under this section may

be exercised by the person before whom the examination

is held.

Power in 217.—(1) Where an order has been made in England

England to for winding up a company by the court, and the official

restrain receiver has made a further report under this Act

fraudulent stating that, in his opinion, a fraud has been com-

mau° nS r0m m itted by a person in the promotion or formation of the

companies, company, or by any director or other officer of the

company in relation to the company since its formation,

the court may, on the application of the official receiver,

order that that person, director or officer shall not,

without the leave of the court, be a director of or in

any way, whether directly or indirectly, be concerned in

or take part in the management of a company for such

period, not exceeding five years, from the date of the

report as may be specified in the order.

(2) The official receiver shall, where he intends to

make an application under the last foregoing subsection,

give not less than ten days’ notice of his intention to

the person charged with the fraud, and on the hearing

of the application that person may appear and himself

give evidence or call witnesses.

(3) It shall be the duty of the official receiver to

appear on the hearing of an application by him for an

order under this section and on an application for leave

under this section and to call the attention of the court

to any matters which appear to him to be relevant, and

on any such application the official receiver may himself

give evidence or call witnesses.

1929.

Ccrniyanies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

429

(4) If any person acts in contravention of an order Fabt V.

made under this section, he shall, in respect of each — - cont.

offence, be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years, or on

summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding five

hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

(5) The provisions of this section shall have effect

notwithstanding that the person concerned may be

criminally liable in respect of the matters on the ground

of which the order is to be made.

218. The court, at any time either before or after Power to

making a winding-up order, on proof of probable cause arrest

for believing that a contributory is about to quit the absconding

United Kingdom, or otherwise to abscond, or to remove

or conceal any of his property for the purpose of evading

payment of calls, or of avoiding examination respecting

the affairs of the company, may cause the contributory

to be arrested, and his books and papers and moveable

personal property to be seized, and him and them to

be safely kept until such time as the court may order.

219. Any powers by this Act conferred on the court Powers of

shall be in addition to and not in restriction of any court

existing powers of instituting proceedings against an\ cumulative,

contributory or debtor of the company, or the estate of

any contributory or debtor, for the recovery of any call

or other sums.

220. Provision may be made by general rules for Delegation

enabling or requiring all or any of the powers and duties i o liquidator

conferred and imposed on the court in England by this , jf certain

.M't. in respect of the following matters— powers ot

(1) the holding and conducting of meetings to a seer- England.

tain the wishes of creditor’s and contributories;

(2) the settling of lists of contributories and the

rectifying of the register of members where

required, and the collecting and applying of the

assets;

(3) the pajdng, delivery, conveyance, surrender or

transfer of money, property, books or papers

to the liquidator;

(4) the making of calls;

430

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Pai-.t V.

—rent

Dissolution

of company.

Order for

calls on con-

t-ri lotteries

in Scotland.

(5) the fixing of a time within which debts and

claims must be proved;

to be exercised or performed by the liquidator as an

officer of the court, and subject to the control of the

court:

Provided that the liquidator shall not, without the

special leave of the court, rectify the register of members,

and shall not make any call without either the specinl

leave of the court or the sanction of the committee of

inspection.

221.—(1) When the affairs of a company have been

completely wound up, the court shall make an order that

the company be dissolved from the date of the order,

and the company shall be dissolved accordingly.

(2) The order shall within fourteen days from the

date thereof be reported by the liquidator to the registrar

of companies who shall make in his books a minute of the dissolution of the company.

(3) If the liquidator makes default in complying

with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable to

a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during

which he is in default

Enforcement of and Appeal from Orders.

222.—(1) Where an order, interlocutor, or decree

has been made in Scotland for winding up a company

by the court, it shall be competent to the court, on

production by the liquidators of a list certified by them

of the names of the contributories liable in payment of

any calls, and of the amount due by each contributory,

and of the date when the said amount became due, to

pronounce forthwith a decree against those contributories

for payment of the sums so certified to be due, wdth

interest from the said date till payment, at the rate of

five per cent, per annum in the same way and to the

same effect as if they had severally consented to registration for execution, on a charge of six days, of a legal

obligation to pay those calls and interest.

(2) Any such decree may be extracted immediately,

and no suspension thereof shall be competent, except

on caution or consignation, unless with special leave

of the court.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 22.

431

223. —(1) Any order made by the court in England

for or in the course of winding up a company shall be

enforced in Scotland and Northern Ireland in the courts

that would respectively have jurisdiction in respect of

that company if registered in Scotland or Northern

Ireland and in the same manner in all respects as if the

order had been made by those courts.

(2) In like manner orders, interlocutors, and decrees

made by the court in Scotland for or in the course of

winding up a company shall be enforced in England

and Northern Ireland by the courts which would respectively have jurisdiction in respect of that company

if registered in that part of the United Kingdom

where the order is required to be enforced, and in the

same manner in all respects as if the order had been

made by those courts.

(3) Where any order, interlocutor, or decree made

by one court is required to be enforced by another

court, an office copy of the order, interlocutor, or decree

shall be produced to the proper officer of the court

required to enforce the same, and the production of an

office copy shall be sufficient evidence of the order,

interlocutor, or decree, and thereupon the last-mentioned

court shall take the requisite steps in the matter for

enforcing the order, interlocutor, or decree, in the same

manner as if it had been made by that court.

224. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section

and to rules of court, an appeal from any order or

decision made or given in the winding up of a company

by the court in Scotland under this Act shall lie in the

same manner and subject to the same conditions as an

appeal from any order or decision of the court in cases

within its ordinary jurisdiction.

(2) In regard to orders or judgments pronounced in

Scotland by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in vacation—

(a) no order or judgment under the provisions of this Act specified in the First Part of the Eighth

Schedule to this Act shall be subject to review,

reduction, suspension, or stay of execution; and

(b) every other order or judgment (except as hereinafter mentioned) shall be subject to review only

Part V.

—eont

Enforcement

throughout

Tnited

Kingdom of

orders made

in winding

up.

Appeals

from orders

in Scotland.

432

Part V.

— cont.

Circumstances in

which company maybe

wound up

voluntarily

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

by reclaiming note, in common form, presented

within fourteen days from the date of the order

or judgment:

Provided that orders or judgments under

the provisions of this Act specified in the

Second Part of the Eighth Schedule to this Act shall, from the dates of those orders or

judgments, and notwithstanding any reclaiming

note against them, be carried out and receive

effect until the reclaiming note is disposed of

by the court.

(3) In regard to orders or judgments pronounced

in Scotland by a permanent Lord Ordinary to whom a

winding up has been remitted, any such order or judgment shall be subject to review only by reclaiming note

in common form, presented within fourteen days from

the date of the order or judgment, but should a reclaiming

note not be presented and moved during session, the

provisions of this section in regard to orders or judgments

pronounced by the Lord Ordinary on the bills in vacation

shall apply to the order or judgment.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions

of this Act in reference to decrees in Scotland for payment

of calls in the winding up of companies, whether voluntarily or by or subject to the supervision of the court.

(iii) Voluntary Winding Up.

Resolutions for, and commencement of Voluntary

Winding Up.

225.—(1) A company may be wound up voluntarily—

(a) When the period, if any, fixed for the duration

of the company by the articles expires, or the

event, if any, occurs, on the occurrence of which

the articles provide that the company is to be

dissolved, and the company in general meeting

has passed a resolution requiring the company

to be wound up voluntarily:

(b) If the company resolves by special resolution

that the company be wound up voluntarily:

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

433

(c) If the company resolves by extraordinary resolution to the effect that it cannot by reason of

its liabilities continue its business, and that it

is advisable to wind up.

(2) In this Act the expression "a resolution for

" voluntary winding up" means a resolution passed

under any of the provisions of subsection (1) of this

section.

226. —(1) When a company has passed a resolution

for voluntary winding up, it shall, within seven days

after the passing of the resolution, give notice of the

resolution by advertisement in the Gazette.

(2) If default is made in complying with tins section,

the company and every officer of the company who is in

default shall be liable to a default fine, and for the

purposes of this subsection the liquidator of the company

shall be deemed to be an officer of the company.

227. A voluntary winding up shall be deemed to

commence at the time of the passing of the resolution

for voluntary winding up.

Consequences of Voluntary Winding Up.

228. In case of a voluntary winding up, the company shall, from the commencement of the winding

up, cease to carry on its business, except so far as may

be required for the beneficial winding up thereof:

Provided that the corporate state and corporate

powers of the company shall, notwithstanding anything

to the contrary in its articles, continue until it is

dissolved.

229. Any transfer of shares, not being a transfer

made to or with the sanction of the liquidator, and

any alteration in the status of the members of the

company, made after the commencement of a voluntary

winding up, shall be void.

Declaration of Solvency.

230.—(1) Where it is proposed to wind up a company voluntarily, the directors of the company or, in

the case of a company having more than two directors,

the majority of the directors may, at a meeting of the

Ee

Part V.

— cont.

Notice of

resolution

to wind up

voluntarily.

Commencement of

voluntary

w inding up.

Effect of

voluntary

winding up

on business

and status

of company,

Avoidance of

transfers, <fcc,

after coramenfM*-

mput of voluntary winding up.

Statutory

declaration

of solvency

in case of

proposal to

434

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 1-9 & 20 Geo. 5-

Part V.

— cont.

wind up

voluntarily.

Provisions

applicable to

a members ’

winding up.

Power of

company to

appoint and

fix remuneration of

liquidators.

Power to fill

vacancy in

office of

liquidator,

directors held before the date on which the notices of the meeting at which the resolution for the winding up

of the company is to be proposed are sent out, make a

statutory declaration to the effect that they have made

a full inquiry into the affairs of the company, and that,

having so done, they have formed the opinion that the

company will be able to pay its debts in full within a

period, not exceeding twelve months, from the commencement of the winding up.

(2) A declaration made as aforesaid shall have no

effect for the purposes of this Act unless it is delivered

to the registrar of companies for registration before the

date mentioned in subsection (1) of this section.

(3) A winding up in the case of which a declaration

has been made and delivered in accordance with this

section is in this Act referred to as " a members’ voluntary winding up, " and a winding up in the case of which

a declaration has not been .made and delivered as aforesaid is in this Act referred to as " a creditors’ voluntary

winding up."

Provisions applicable to a Members' Voluntary

Winding Up.

231. The provisions contained in the five sections

of this Act next following shall apply in relation to a

members’ voluntary winding up.

232. —(1) The company in general meeting shall

appoint one or more liquidators for the purpose of

winding up the affairs and distributing the assets of the company, and may fix the remuneration to be paid

to him or them.

(2) On the appointment of a liquidator all the

powers of the directors shall cease, except so far as

the company in general meeting, or the liquidator,

sanctions the continuance thereof.

233. —(1) If a vacancy occurs by death, resignation,

or otherwise in the office of liquidator appointed by the

company, the company in general meeting may, subject to any arrangement with its creditors, fill the

vacancy.

(2) For that purpose a general meeting may be

convened by any contributory or, if there were more

liquidators than one, by the continuing liquidators.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

435

(3) The meeting shall be held in manner provided Past V.

by this Act or by the articles, or in such manner as may, —cont.

on application by any contributory or by the continuing

liquidators, be determined by the court.

234. — (1) Where a company is proposed to be, or Power of

is in course of being, wound up altogether voluntarily, liquidator

and the whole or part of its business or property is *? acce P *

proposed to be transferred or sold to another company, M con’ *

whether a company within the meaning of this Act or s ideration

not (in this section called "the transferee company") for sale of '

the liquidator of the first-mentioned company (in this property of

section called " the transferor company ") may, with company,

the sanction of a special resolution of that company,

conferring either a general authority on the liquidator

or an authority in respect of any particular arrangement,

receive in compensation or part compensation for the

transfer or sale, shares, policies, or other like interests in

the transferee company, for distribution among the

members of the transferor company, or may enter into

any other arrangement whereby the members of the

transferor company may, in lieu of receiving cash, shares,

policies, or other like interests, or in addition thereto,

participate in the profits of or receive any other benefit

from the transferee company.

(2) Any sale or arrangement in pursuance of this

section shall be binding on the members of the transferor

company.

(3) If any member of the transferor company who

did not vote in favour of the special resolution expresses

his dissent therefrom in writing addressed to the

liquidator, and left at the registered office of the company

within seven days after the passing of the resolution,

he may require the liquidator either to abstain from

carrying the resolution into effect, or to purchase his

interest at a price to be determined by agreement or by

arbitration in manner provided by this section.

(4) If the liquidator elects to purchase the member’s

interest, the purchase money must be paid before the

company is dissolved, and be raised by the liquidator

in such manner as may be determined by special

resolution.

(5) A special resolution shall not be invalid for the

purposes of this section by reason that it is passed before

436

Part V.

— cont.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 16.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 17.

Duty of

liquidator to

call general

meeting at

end of

each year.

Final meet

ing and

dissolution.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

or concurrently with a resolution for voluntary winding

up or for appointing liquidators, but, if an order

is made within a year for winding up the company

by or subject to the supervision of the court, the special

resolution shall not be valid unless sanctioned by the

court.

(6) For the purposes of an arbitration under this

section, the provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or, in the case of a winding-up in

Scotland, the Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland)

Act, 1845, with respect to the settlement of disputes by

arbitration, shall be incorporated with this Act, and in

the construction of those provisions this Act shall be

deemed to be the special Act, and " the company " shall

mean the transferor company, and any appointment by

the said incorporated provisions directed to be made

under the hand of the secretary, or any two of the

directors, may be made under the hand of the liquidator,

or, if there is more than one liquidator, then of any

two or more of the liquidators.

235. —(1) In the event of the winding up continuing for more than one year, the liquidator shall

summon a general meeting of the company at the end of the first year from the commencement of the winding

up, and of each succeeding year, or as soon thereafter

as may be convenient, and shall lay before the meeting

an account of his acts and dealings and of the conduct

of the winding up during the preceding year.

(2) If the liquidator fails to comply with this

section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten

pounds.

236. —(1) As soon as the affairs of the company are

fully wound up, the liquidator shall make up an account

of the winding up, showing how the winding up has been

conducted and the property of the company has been

disposed of, and thereupon shall call a general meeting

of the company for the purpose of laying before it the

account, and giving any explanation thereof.

(2) The meeting shall be called by advertisement in

the Gazette, specifying the time, place, and object

thereof, and published one month at least before the

meeting.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

437

(3) Within one week after the meeting, the liquidator

shall send to the registrar of companies a copy of the

account, and shall make a return to him of the holding

of the meeting and of its date, and if the copy is not sent

or the return is not made in accordance with this subsection the liquidator shall be liable to a fine not exceeding

five pounds for every day during which the default

continues:

Provided that, if a quorum is not present at the

meeting, the liquidator shall, in lieu of the return

hereinbefore mentioned, make a return that the meeting

was duly summoned and that no quorum was present

thereat, and upon such a return being made the provisions of this subsection as to the making of the return

shall be deemed to have been complied with.

(4) The registrar on receiving the account and

either of the returns hereinbefore mentioned shall forthwith register them, and on the expiration of three months

from the registration of the return the company shall be

deemed to be dissolved:

Provided that the court may, on the application of the liquidator or of any other person who appears to the

court to be interested, make an order deferring the date

at which the dissolution of the company is to take effect

for such time as the court thinks fit.

(5) It shall be the duty of the person on whose

application an order of the court under this section is

made, within seven days after the making of the order,

to deliver to the registrar an office copy of the order for

registration, and if that person fails so to do he shall be

liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day

during which the default continues.

Provisions applicable to a Creditors' 1 Voluntary

Winding Up.

237. The provisions contained in the eight sections

of this Act next following shall apply in relation to a

creditors’ voluntary winding up.

238. —(1) The company shall cause a meeting of the

creditors of the company to be summoned for the day,

or the day next following the day, on which there is to be

held the meeting at which the resolution for voluntary

Part V.

— cont.

Provisions applicable to a

creditors’ winding up.

Mefttingjof

creditors.

438

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V. winding up is to be proposed, and shall cause the notices

—amt. 0 f the said meeting of creditors to be sent by post to the

creditors simultaneously with the sending of the notices

of the said meeting of the company.

(2) The company shall cause notice of the meeting

of the creditors to be advertised once in the Gazette

and once at least in two local newspapers circulating in

the district where the registered office or principal place

of business of the company is situate.

(3) The directors of the company shall—

(a) cause a full statement of the position of the

company’s affairs together with a list of the

creditors of the company and the estimated

amount of their claims to be laid before the

meeting of creditors to be held as aforesaid;

and

(b) appoint one of their number to preside at the

said meeting.

(4) It shall be the duty of the director appointed to

preside at the meeting of creditors to attend the meeting

and preside thereat.

(5) If the meeting of the company at which the

resolution for voluntary winding up is to be proposed

is adjourned and the resolution is passed at an adjourned

meeting, any resolution passed at the meeting of the

creditors held in pursuance of subsection (1) of this

section shall have effect as if it had been passed

immediately after the passing of the resolution for

winding up the company.

(6) If default is made—

(a) by the company in complying with subsections

(1) and (2) of this section;

(b) by the directors of the company in complying

with subsection (3) of this section;

(c) by any director of the company in complying

with subsection (4) of this section;

the company, directors or director, as the case may be,

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred

pounds, and, in the case of default by the company,

every officer of the company who is in default shall be

liable to the like penalty.

1929.

Ch. 23.

439

Companies Act, 1929.

239. The creditors and the company at their

respective meetings mentioned in the last foregoing

section of this Act may nominate a person to be

liquidator for the purpose of winding up the affairs and

distributing the assets of the company, and if the

creditors and the company nominate different persons,

the person nominated by the creditors shall be liquidator,

and if no person is nominated by the creditors the

person, if any, nominated by the company shall be

liquidator:

Provided that in the case of different persons being

nominated any director, member, or creditor of the

company may, within seven days after the date on which

the nomination was made by the creditors, apply to

the court for an order either directing that the person

nominated as liquidator by the company shall be liquidator instead of or jointly with the person nominated

by the creditors, or appointing some other person to

be liquidator instead of the person appointed by the

creditors.

240. — (1) The creditors at the meeting to be held

in pursuance of section two hundred and thirty-eight

of this Act or at any subsequent meeting, may, if they

think fit, appoint a committee of inspection consisting

of not more than five persons, and if such a committee

is appointed the company may, either at the meeting

at which the resolution for voluntary winding up is

passed or at any time subsequently in general meeting,

appoint such number of persons as they think fit to act

as members of the committee not exceeding five in

number:

Provided that the creditors may, if they think fit,

resolve that all or any of the persons so appointed by

the company ought not to be members of the committee

of inspection, and, if the creditors so resolve, the persons

mentioned in the resolution shall not, unless the court

otherwise directs, be qualified to act as members of the

committee, and on any application to the court under

this provision the court may, if it thinks fit, appoint

other persons to act as such members in place of the

persons mentioned in the resolution.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section and to

general rules, the provisions of sections one hundred and

ninety-nine (except subsection (1))and two hundred

PARf V.

—cent.

Appointment of

liquidator.

Appointment of

committee

of inspection.

440

Part V.

— cont.

Fixing of

liquidators ’

remuneration and

cesser of

directors ’

powers.

Power to All

vacancy i'i

ottice of liqul

a tor.

Application

of s. 234 to

a creditors ’

voluntary

winding up.

Duty of

liquidator to

call meetings

of company

and of

creditors

at end of

each year.

Final meeting and

dissolution.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and one of this Act shall apply with respect to a

committee of inspection appointed under this section as

they apply with respect to a committee of inspection

appointed in a winding up by the court.

241. —(1) The committee of inspection, or if there

is no such committee, the creditors, may fix the remuneration to be paid to the liquidator or liquidators.

(2) On the appointment of a liquidator, all the

powers of the directors shall cease, except so far as the

committee of inspection, or if there is no such committee,

the creditors, sanction the continuance thereof.

242. If a vacancy occurs, by death, resignation or

otherwise, in the office of a liquidator, other than a

liquidator appointed by, or by the direction of the court,

the creditors may fill the vacancy.

243. The provisions of section two hundred and

thirty-four of this Act shall apply in the case of a

creditors’ voluntary winding up as in the case of a

members’ voluntary winding up, with the modification

that the powers of the liquidator under the said section

shall not be exercised except with the sanction either

of the court or of the committee of inspection.

244. —(1) In the event of the winding up continuing

for more than one year, the liquidator shall summon a

general meeting of the company and a meeting of

creditors at the end of the first year from the commencement of the winding up, and of each succeeding

year, or as soon thereafter as may be convenient, and

shall lay before the meetings an account of his acts and

dealings and of the conduct of the winding up during the

preceding year.

(2) If the liquidator fails to comply with this section,

he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

245. —(1) As soon as the affairs of the company are

fully wound up, the liquidator shall make up an account

of the winding up, showing how the winding up has been

conducted and the property of the company has been

disposed of, and thereupon shall call a general meeting

of the company and a meeting of the creditors, for

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

441

the purpose of laying the account before the meetings,

and giving any explanation thereof.

(2) Each such meeting shall be called by advertisement in the Gazette, specifying the time, place, and

object thereof, and published one month at least before

the meeting.

(3) Within one week after the date of the meetings,

or, if the meetings are not held on the same date, after

the date of the later meeting, the liquidator shall send

to the registrar of companies a copy of the account, and

shall make a return to him of the holding of the

meetings and of their dates, and if the copy is not sent

or the return is not made in accordance with this subsection the liquidator shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding five pounds for every day during which the

default continues:

Provided that, if a quorum is not present at either

such meeting, the liquidator shall, in lieu of the return

hereinbefore mentioned, make a return that the meeting

was duly summoned and that no quorum was present

thereat, and upon such a return being made the provisions of this subsection as to the making of the return

shall, ill respect of that meeting, be deemed to have been

complied with.

(4) The registrar on receiving the account and

in respect of each such meeting either of the returns

hereinbefore mentioned shall forthwith register them,

and on the expiration of three months from the registration thereof the company shall be deemed to be dissolved:

Provided that the court may, on the application of the liquidator or of any other person who appears to the

court to be interested, make an order deferring the date

at which the dissolution of the company is to take effect

for such time as the court thinks fit.

(5) It shall be the duty of the person on whose

application an order of the court under this section is

made, within seven days after the making of the order,

to deliver to the registrar an office copy of the order for

registration, and if that person fails so to do he shall be

liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day

during which the default continues.

Part V.

— cont.

442

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

Provisions applicable to every

voluntary winding up.

Distribution

of property

of company.

Powers and

duties of

liquidator

in voluntary

winding up.

Provisions applicable to every Voluntary Winding Up.

246 . The provisions contained in the nine sections

of this Act next following shall apply to every voluntary

winding up whether a members’ or a creditors’ winding

up.

247 . Subject to the provisions of this Act as to

preferential payments, the property of a company shall,

on its winding up, be applied in satisfaction of its

liabilities pari passu, and, subject to such application,

shall, uidess the articles otherwise provide, be distributed

among the members according to their rights and

interests in the company.

248 . —(1)The liquidator may—

(a) in the case of a members’ voluntary winding

up, with the sanction of an extraordinary

resolution of the company, and, in the case

of a creditors’ voluntary winding up, with the

sanction of either the court or the committee

of inspection, exercise any of the powers given

by paragraphs (d ), (e) and (/) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and ninety-

one of this Act to a liquidator in a winding

up by the court:

(b) without sanction, exercise any of the other

powers by this Act given to the liquidator

in a winding up by the court:

(c) exercise the power of the court under this Act of settling a list of contributories, and

the list of contributories shall be prima facie

evidence of the liability of the persons named

therein to be contributories:

(d) exercise the power of the court of making

calls:

(e) summon general meetings of the company

for the purpose of obtaining the sanction of the company by special or extraordinary

resolution or for any other purpose he may

think fit.

(2) The liquidator shall pay the debts of the company and shall adjust the rights of the contributories

among themselves.

192!).

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

443

(3) When several liquidators are appointed, any

power given by this Act may be exercised by such one

or more of them as may be determined at the time of

their appointment, or, in default of such determination,

by any number not less than two.

249. —(1) If from any cause whatever there is no

liquidator acting, the court may appoint a liquidator.

(2) The court may, on cause shown, remove a

liquidator and appoint another liquidator.

250. —(1) The liquidator shall, within twenty-one

days after his appointment, deliver to the registrar of

companies for registration a notice of his appointment in

the form prescribed by the Board of Trade.

(2) If the liquidator fails to comply with the requirements of this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day during which the default

continues.

251. —(1) Any arrangement entered into between a

company about to be, or in the course of being, wound

up and its creditors shall, subject to the right of

appeal under this section, be binding on the company

if sanctioned by an extraordinary resolution, and on

the creditors if acceded to by three-fourths in number

and value of the creditors.

(2) Any creditor or contributory may, within three

weeks from the completion of the arrangement, appeal

to the court against it, and the court may thereupon, as

it thinks just, amend, vary, or confirm the arrangement.

252. —(1) The liquidator or any contributory or

creditor may apply to the court to determine any

question arising in the winding up of a company, or to

exercise, as respects the enforcing of calls, or any other

matter, all or any of the powers which the court might

exercise if the company were being wound up by the court.

(2) The court, if satisfied that the determination of the question or the required exercise of power will be

just and beneficial, may accede wholly or partially to

the application on such terms and conditions as it thinks

fit, or may make such other order on the application as

it thinks just.

Part V.

— cont.

Power of court

to appoint and

remove liquidator in voluntary

winding up.

Notice by

liquidator of

bis appointment.

Arrangement when

binding on

creditors.

Power to

apply to

court to

have questions determined or

powers

exercised.

444

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part)•

— co^-

p °we r of

court JJ» "

land to tay

proceed* 0 *

against c °

pan y.

Costs of

voluntary

winding U P-

Saving f or

rights of

creditors

and contributor's.

253. —(1) If the court, on the application of the

liquidator in the winding up of a company registered

in Scotland, so directs, no action or proceeding shall

be proceeded with or commenced against the company

except by leave of the court, and subject to such terms

as the court may impose.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the practice or powers of the court as existing immediately

before the commencement of this Act with respect to

the staying of proceedings against a company registered

hi England and in course of being wound up.

254. All costs, charges, and expenses properly

incurred in the winding up, including the remuneration of the liquidator, shall be payable out of the

assets of the company in priority to all other

claims.

255. The winding up of a company shall not bar

the right of any creditor or contributory to have it

wound up by the court, but in the case of an application

by a contributory, the court must be satisfied that the

rights of the contributories will be prejudiced by a

voluntary winding up.

Power to

order winding up subject to

supervision.

Effect of

petition for

winding up

subject to

supervision.

Application of

as, 173 and 174

to winding up

subject to

supervision.

(iv) Winding Up subject to Supervision of Court.

256. When a company has passed a resolution for

voluntary winding up, the court may make an order

that the voluntary winding up shall continue but subject

to such supervision of the court, and with such liberty

for creditors, contributories, or others to apply to the

court, and generally on such terms and conditions, as

the court thinks just.

257. A petition for the continuance of a voluntary

winding up subject to the supervision of the court shall,

for the purpose of giving jurisdiction to the court over

actions, be deemed to be a petition for winding up by the

court.

258. A winding up subject to the supervision of the court shall, for the purposes of sections one hundred

and seventy-three and one hundred and seventy-four of this Act, be deemed to be a winding up by the court.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23-

445

259 . — (1)Where an order is made for a winding up

subject to supervision, the court may by that or any

subsequent order appoint an additional liquidator.

(2) A liquidator appointed by the court under this

section shall have the same powers, be subject to the

same obligations, and in all respects stand in the same

position, as if he had been duly appointed in accordance

with the provisions of this Act with respect to the appointment of liquidators in a voluntary winding up.

(3) The court may remove any liquidator so appointed by the court or any liquidator continued under

the supervision order and fill any vacancy occasioned by

the removal, or by death or resignation.

260. —(1) Where an order is made for a winding up

subject to supervision, the liquidator may, subject to

any restrictions imposed by the court, exercise all his

powers, without the sanction or intervention of the

court, in the same manner as if the company were being

wound up altogether voluntarily:

Provided that the powers specified in paragraphs (d),

(e) and (/) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and

ninety-one of this Act shall not be exercised by the

liquidator except with the sanction of the court or, in a

case where before the order the winding up was a

creditor’s voluntary winding up, with the sanction of

either the court or the committee of inspection.

(2) A winding up subject to the supervision of the

court is not a winding up by the court for the purpose of the provisions of this Act which are set out in the Ninth

Schedule to this Act, but, subject as aforesaid, an order

for a winding up subject to supervision shall for all

purposes be deemed to be an order for winding up by

the court:

Provided that, where the order for winding up

subject to supervision was made in relation to a creditor’s

voluntary winding up in which a committee of inspection

had been appointed, the order shall be deemed to be an

order for winding up by the court for the purpose of

section one hundred and ninety-nine (except subsection (1)

thereof) and section two hundred and one of this Act,

except in so far as the operation of those sections is

excluded in a voluntary winding up by general rules.

Part V.

— cont.

Power of

court to

appoint or

remove

liquidators.

Effect of

supervision

order.

446

Part V.

— cont.

Debts of all

descriptions

to be

proved.

Application

of bankruptcy rules

in winding

up of insolvent English

companies.

Ranking of

claims in

Scotland.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(v) Provisions applicable to every Mode

of Winding Up.

Proof and Ranking of Claims.

261. In every winding up (subject in the case of

insolvent companies to the application in accordance

with the provisions of this Act of the law of bankruptcy)

all debts payable on a contingency, and all claims against

the company, present or future, certain or contingent,

ascertained or sounding only in damages, shall be

admissible to proof against the company, a just estimate

being made, so far as possible, of the value of such

debts or claims as may be subject to any contingency or

sound only in damages, or for some other reason do not

bear a certain value.

262. In the winding up of an insolvent company

registered in England the same rules shall prevail and be

observed with regard to the respective rights of secured

and unsecured creditors and to debts provable and to

the valuation of annuities and future and contingent

liabilities as are in force for the time being under the law

of bankruptcy in England with respect to the estates of

persons adjudged bankrupt, and all persons who in any

such case would be entitled to prove for and receive

dividends out of the assets of the company may come in

under the winding up, and make such claims against the

company as they respectively are entitled to by virtue

of this section.

263. In the winding up of a company registered in

Scotland, the following provisions of the Bankruptcy

(Scotland) Act, 1913, that is to say,

(a) the provisions of sections forty-five to sixty-

two regarding voting and ranking for payment

of dividends;

(b) sections ninety-six and one hundred and five,

which respectively relate to the reckoning of

majorities and to the interruption of prescription;

shall so far as is consistent with this Act apply in like

manner as they apply in the sequestration of a bankrupt’s

estate, with the substitution of references to winding up

for references to sequestration, of references to the court

for references to the sheriff, of references to the liquidator

for references to the trustee, and of references to the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

447

company for references to the bankrupt, and with any

other necessary modifications.

264.—(1) In a winding up there shall be paid in

priority to all other debts—

(a) All parochial or other local rates due from the

company at the relevant date, and having

become due and payable within twelve months

next before that date, and all assessed taxes,

land tax, property or income tax assessed on

the company up to the fifth day of April

next before that date, and not exceeding in

the whole one year’s assessment;

(b) All wages or salary (whether or not earned

wholly or in part by way of commission) of any

clerk or servant in respect of services rendered

to the company during four months next before

the relevant date, not exceeding fifty pounds;

(c) All wages of any workman or labourer not

exceeding twenty-five pounds, whether payable

for time or for piece work, in respect of services

rendered to the company during two months

next before the relevant date:

Provided that, where any labourer in husbandry

has entered into a contract for the payment of

a portion of his wages in a lump sum at the

end of the year of hiring, he shall have priority

in respect of the whole of such sum, or a part

thereof, as the court may decide to be due

under the contract, proportionate to the time

of service up to the relevant date;

(d) Unless the company is being wound up

voluntarily merely for the purposes of reconstruction or of amalgamation with another

company, or unless the company has at the

commencement of the winding up under such a

contract with insurers as is mentioned in section

seven of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925,

rights capable of being transferred to and vested

in the workman, all amounts due in respect of

any compensation or liability for compensation

under the said Act accrued before the relevant

date;

(e) Unless the company is being wound up voluntarily merely for the purposes of reconstruction

or of amalgamation with another company,

Part V.

— amt.

Preferential

payments.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 84.

448

Cir. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cent.

15 & 16

Geo. 6. c. 70.

Compensation Act, 1925, is a weekly payment, the

amount due in respect thereof shall, for the purposes

of paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section, he

taken to lie the amount of the lump sum for which

the weekly payment could, if redeemable, be redeemed

if the employer made an application for that purpose

under the said Act.

(3) Where any payment on account of wages or

salary has been made to any clerk, servant, workman or

labourer in the employment of a company out of money

advanced by some person for that purpose, that person

shall in a winding up have a right of priority in respect

of the money so advanced and paid up to the amount by

which the sum in respect of which that clerk, servant,

workman or labourer would have been entitled to priority

in the winding up has been diminished by reason of the

payment having been made.

(4) The foregoing debts shall—

(a) Rank equally among themselves and be paid

in full, unless the assets are insufficient to

meet them, in which case they shall abate

in equal proportions; and

(b) In the case of a company registered in England,

so far as the assets of the company available

for payment of general creditors are insufficient to meet them, have priority over

the claims of holders of debentures under

any floating charge created by the company,

and be paid accordingly out of any property

comprised in or subject to that charge.

(5) Subject to the retention of such sums as may

be necessary for the costs and expenses of the winding

all amounts due in respect of contributions

payable during the twelve months next before

the relevant date by the company as the

employer of any persons under either—

(i) the National Health Insurance Acts,

1924 to 1928; or

(ii) the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age

Contributory Pensions Act, 1925; or

(iii) the Unemployment Insurance Acts,

1920 to 1929.

(2) Where any compensation under the Workmen’s

19 -9- Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

up, the foregoing debts shall be discharged forthwith so

far as the assets are sufficient to meet them, and in the

case of the debts to which priority is given by paragraph (e)

of subsection (1) of this section formal proof thereof

shall not be required except in so far as is otherwise

provided by general rules.

(6) In the event of a landlord or other person

distraining or having distrained on any goods or effects

of the company within three months next before the

date of a winding-up order, the debts to which priority

is given by this section shall be a first charge on the

goods or effects so distrained on, or the proceeds of the

sale thereof:

Provided that, in respect of any money paid under

any such charge, the landlord or other person shall have

the same rights of priority as the person to whom the

payment is made.

(7) In this section the expression "the relevant

date" means—

(a) in the case of a company ordered to be wound

up compulsorily which had not previously

commenced to be wound up voluntarily, the

date of the winding-up order; and

(b) in any other case, the date of the commencement of the winding up.

Effect of Winding Up on antecedent and other Transactions.

265.—(1) Any conveyance, mortgage, delivery of

goods, payment, execution, or other act relating to

property which would, if made or done by or against an

individual, be deemed in his bankruptcy a fraudulent

preference, shall, if made or done by or against a company, be deemed, in the event of its being wound up, a

fraudulent preference of its creditors, and be invalid

accordingly.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the commencement of the winding up shall be deemed to correspond

with the presentation of the bankruptcy petition in the

case of an individual.

(3) Any conveyance or assignment by a company of

all its property to trustees for the benefit of all its

creditors shall be void to all intents.

Ff

449

Part V.

— cont.

Fraudulent

preference.

450

Part V.

— cont.

ESect of

floating

charge.

Disclaimer

of onerous

property

in case of

company

wound up

in England.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(4) In the application to Scotland of this section,

the expression "fraudulent preference " includes any

alienation or preference which is voidable by statute

or at common law on the ground of insolvency or notour

bankruptcy, and the expression "bankruptcy petition "

means petition for sequestration.

268. Where a company is being wound up, a

floating charge on the undertaking or property of the

company created within six months of the commencement of the winding up shall, unless it is proved that

the company immediately after the creation of the

charge was solvent, be invalid, except to the amount

of any cash paid to the company at the time of or

subsequently to the creation of, and in consideration

for, the charge, together with interest on that amount

at the rate of five per cent, per annum.

267.—(1) Where any part of the property of a

company which is being wound up consists of land of any

tenure burdened with onerous covenants, of shares or stock

in companies, of unprofitable contracts, or of any other

property that is unsaleable, or not readily saleable, by

reason of its binding the possessor thereof to the performance of any onerous act, or to the payment of any sum

of £ money, the liquidator of the company, notwithstanding that he has endeavoured to sell or has taken

possession of the property, or exercised any act of

ownership in relation thereto, may, with the leave of the court and subject to the provisions of this section,

by writing signed by him, at any time within twelve

months after the commencement of the winding up or

such extended period as may be allowed by the court,

disclaim the property:

Provided that, where any such property has not

come to the knowledge of the liquidator within one

month after the commencement of the winding up, the

power under this section of disclaiming the property

may be exercised at any time within twelve months

after he has become aware thereof or such extended

period as may be allowed by the court.

(2) The disclaimer shall operate to determine, as

from the date of disclaimer, the rights, interest, and

liabilities of the company, and the property of the

company, in or in respect of the property disclaimed,

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

451

but shall not, except so far as is necessary for the purpose of releasing the company and the property of the

company from liability, affect the rights or liabilities of

any other person.

(3) The court, before or on granting leave to disclaim, may require such notices to be given to persons

interested, and impose such terms as a condition of

granting leave, and make such other order in the matter

as the court thinks just.

(4) The liquidator shall not be entitled to disclaim

any property under this section in any case where an

application in writing has been made to him by any

persons interested in the property requiring him to

decide whether he will or will not disclaim, and the

liquidator has not, within a period of twenty-eight days

after the receipt of the application or such further period

as may be allowed by the court, given notice to the

applicant that he intends to apply to the court for

leave to disclaim, and, in the case of a contract, if the

liquidator, after such an application as aforesaid, does

not within the said period or further period disclaim

the contract, the company shall be deemed to have

adopted it.

(5) The court may, on the application of any person

who is, as against the liquidator, entitled to the benefit

or subject to the burden of a contract made with the

company, make an order rescinding the contract on such

terms as to payment by or to either party of damages for

the non-performance of the contract, or otherwise as the

court thinks just, and any damages payable under the

order to any such person may be proved by him as a debt

in the winding up.

(6) The court may, on an application by any person

who either claims any interest in any disclaimed property

or is under any liability not discharged by this Act in

respect of any disclaimed property and on hearing any

such persons as it thinks fit, make an order for the

vesting of the property in or the delivery of the property

to any persons entitled thereto, or to whom it may seem

just that the property should be delivered by way of

compensation for such liability as aforesaid, or a trustee

for him, and on such terms as the court thinks just, and

on any such vesting order being made, the property

comprised therein shall vest accordingly in the person

Pajw V.

— eont.

452

Part V.

— cont.

Restriction

of rights of

creditor as

to execution

or attachment in case

of company

being wound

up in

England.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5

therein named in that behalf without any conveyance

or assignment for the purpose:

Provided that, where the property disclaimed is

of a leasehold nature, the court shall not make a vesting

order in favour of any person claiming under the

company, whether as under-lessee or as mortgagee by

demise, including a chargee by way of legal mortgage,

except upon the terms of making that person—

(a) subject to the same liabilities and obligations

as those to which the company was subject

under the lease in respect of the property at

the commencement of the winding-up; or

(b) if the court thinks fit, subject only to the same

liabilities and obligations as if the lease had

been assigned to that person at that date;

and in either event (if the case so requires) as if the lease

had comprised only the property comprised in the

vesting order, and any mortgagee or under-lessee declining

to accept a vesting order upon such terms shall be

excluded from all interest in and security upon the

property, and, if there is no person claiming under the

company who is willing to accept an order upon such

terms, the court shall have power to vest the estate and

interest of the company in the property in any person

liable either personally or in a representative character,

and either alone or jointly with the company to perform

the lessee’s covenants in the lease, freed and discharged

from all estates, incumbrances and interests created

therein by the company.

(7) Any person injured by the operation of a disclaimer under this section shall be deemed to be a creditor

of the company to the amount of the injury, and may

accordingly prove the amount as a debt in the winding up.

(8) This section shall not apply in the case of a

winding up in Scotland.

268.—(1) Where a creditor has issued execution

against the goods or lands of a company or has attached

any debt due to the company, and the company is

subsequently wound up, he shall not be entitled to

retain the benefit of the execution or attachment against

the liquidator in the winding up of the company unless

he has completed the execution or attachment before

the commencement of the winding up:

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

453

Provided that—

(a) where any creditor has had notice of a meeting

having been called at which a resolution for

voluntary winding-up is to be proposed, the

date on which the creditor so had notice shall

for the purposes of the foregoing provision be

substituted for the date of the commencement

of the winding up; and

(b) a person who purchases in good faith under a

sale by the sheriff any goods of a company

on which an execution has been levied shall

in all cases acquire a good title to them

against the liquidator.

(2) For the purposes of this section, an execution

against goods shall be taken to be completed by seizure

and sale, and an attachment of a debt shall be deemed to

be completed by receipt of the debt, and an execution

against land shall be deemed to be completed by seizure

and, in the case of an equitable interest, by the appointment of a receiver.

(3) In this section the expression "goods " includes

all chattels personal, and the expression "sheriff "

includes any officer charged with the execution of a

writ or other process.

(4) This section shall not apply in the case of a

winding up in Scotland.

269.—(1) Where any goods of a company are

taken in execution, and, before the sale thereof or the

completion of the execution by the receipt or recovery

of the full amount of the levy, notice is served on the

sheriff that a provisional liquidator has been appointed

or that a winding-up order has been made or that a

resolution for voluntary winding up has been passed, the

sheriff shall, on being so required, deliver the goods and

any money seized or received in part satisfaction of the

execution to the liquidator, but the costs of the execution

shall be a first charge on the goods or money so

delivered, and the liquidator may sell the goods, or a

sufficient part thereof, for the purpose of satisfying that

charge.

(2) Where under an execution in respect of a

judgment for a sum exceeding twenty pounds the goods

Part V.

— cont.

Duties of

sheriff as

to goods

taken in

execution.

454

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

Effect of

diligence

within 60

days of

winding up

in case of

Scottish

company,

and in case

of effects in

Scotland of

English

company.

of a company are sold or money is paid in order to avoid

sale, the sheriff shall deduct the costs of the execution

from the proceeds of the sale or the money paid and

retain the balance for fourteen days, and if within that

time notice is served on him of a petition for the

winding up of the company having been presented or

of a meeting having been called at which there is to be

proposed a resolution for the voluntary winding up of the company and an order is made or a resolution is

passed, as the case may be, for the winding up of the

company, the sheriff shall pay the balance to the

liquidator, who shall be entitled to retain it as against

the execution creditor.

(3) In this section the expression "goods " includes

all chattels personal, and the expression "sheriff "

includes any officer charged with the execution of a

writ or other process.

(4) This section shall not apply in the case of a

winding up in Scotland.

270.—(1) In the winding up of a company registered in Scotland, the following provisions shall have

effect:—-

(a) The winding up shall, as at the date of the commencement thereof, be equivalent to an arrestment in execution and decree of forthcoming,

and to an executed or completed poinding, and

no arrestment or poinding of the funds or effects

of the company executed on or after the sixtieth

day prior to that date shall be effectual, and

those funds or effects or the proceeds of those

effects if sold shall be made forthcoming to the

liquidator:

Provided that any arrester or poinder

before that date, who is thus deprived of the

benefit of his diligence shall have preference

out of those funds or effects for the expense

bona fide incurred by him in such diligence:

(b) The winding up shall, as at the date aforesaid, be equivalent to a decree of adjudication of the heritable estates of the company for

payment of the whole debts of the company,

principal and interest, accumulated at the said

date, subject to such preferable heritable rights

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23. 455

and securities as existed at the said date Past V.

and are valid and unchallengeable, and the — cont -

right to poind the ground hereinafter provided:

(c) The provisions of sections one hundred and

eight to one hundred and thirteen and of

section one hundred and sixteen of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913, shall, so far as is

consistent with this Act, apply to the realisation

of heritable estates affected by such heritable

rights and securities as aforesaid; and for the

purposes of this Act the words "sequestration "

and " trustee " occurring in those sections shall

mean respectively " winding up " and " liquidator, " and the expression "the Lord Ordinary

or the court " shall mean " the court " as

defined by this Act with respect to Scotland:

(d) No poinding of the ground which has not been

carried into execution by sale of the effects

sixty days before the date aforesaid shall, except

to the extent hereinafter provided, be available

in any question with the liquidator:

Provided that no creditor who holds a

security over the heritable estate preferable to

the right of the liquidator shall be prevented

from executing a poinding of the ground after

the date aforesaid, but that poinding shall in

competition with the liquidator be available

only for the interest on the debt for the current

half-yearly term, and for the arrears of interest

for one year immediately before the commencement of that term.

(2) The provisions of this section shall, so far as

relates to any estate or effects of the company situate in

Scotland, apply in the case of a company registered in

England as it applies in the case of a company registered

in Scotland.

Offences antecedent to or in course of Winding XJp.

271 . — (1)If any person, being a past or present Offences by

director, manager or other officer of a company which at officers of the time of the commission of the alleged offence is being companies

wound up, whether by or under the supervision of the qui a *

court or voluntarily, or is subsequently ordered to be

456

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

wound up by the court or subsequently passes a resolution

for voluntary winding up—

(a) does not to the best of his knowledge and belief

fully and truly discover to the liquidator

all the property, real and personal, of the

company, and how and to whom and for what

consideration and when the company disposed

of any part thereof, except such part as has

been disposed of in the ordinary way of the

business of the company; or

(b) does not deliver up to the liquidator, or as he

directs, all such part of the real and personal

property of the company as is in his custody

or under his control, and which he is required

by law to deliver up; or

(c) does not deliver up to the liquidator, or as he

directs, all books and papers in his custody

or under his control belonging to the company

and which he is required by law to deliver

up; or

(d) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter conceals any part of the property of the company to the value of ten pounds or

upwards, or conceals any debt due to or from

the company; or

(e) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter fraudulently removes any part of the property of the company to the value of

ten pounds or upwards; or

(f) makes any material omission in any statement

relating to the affairs of the company; or

(g) knowing or believing that a false debt has been

proved by any person under the winding up,

fails for the period of a month to inform the

liquidator thereof; or

(h) after the commencement of the winding up

prevents the production of any book or paper

affecting or relating to the property or affairs of the company; or

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

457

(i) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter, conceals, destroys, mutilates, or

falsifies, or is privy to the concealment,

destruction, mutilation, or falsification of, any

book or paper affecting or relating to the

property or affairs of the company; or

(j) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter makes or is privy to the making of

any false entry in any book or paper affecting

or relating to the property or affairs of the

company; or

(k) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter fraudulently parts with, alters, or

makes any omission in, or is privy to the

fraudulent parting with, altering, or making

any omission in, any document affecting or

relating to the property or affairs of the

company; or

(l) after the commencement of the winding up or

at any meeting of the creditors of the company

within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up attempts to

account for any part of the property of the

company by fictitious losses or expenses; or

(m) has within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter, by any false representation or other

fraud, obtained any property for or on behalf

of the company on credit which the company

does not subsequently pay for; or

(n) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

thereafter, under the false pretence that the

company is carrying on its business, obtains on

credit, for or on behalf of the company, any

property which the company does not subsequently pay for; or

(o) within twelve months next before the commencement of the winding up or at any time

Part V.

— oont.

458

Ch. 23

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cont.

thereafter pawns, pledges, or disposes of any

property of the company which has been

obtained on credit and has not been paid for,

unless such pawning, pledging, or disposing is

in the ordinary way of the business of the

company; or

(p) is guilty of any false representation or other

fraud for the purpose of obtaining the consent of the creditors of the company or any of

them to an agreement with reference to the

affairs of the company or to the winding up;

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and shall, in the

case of the offences mentioned respectively in paragraphs (m ), (n) and (o) of this subsection, be liable on

conviction on indictment to penal servitude for a term

not exceeding five years, or on summary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months,

and in the case of any other offence shall be liable on

conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding two years, or on summary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to a

charge under any of paragraphs (a), (6), (c), (d ), (/),

(n) and (o), if the accused proves that he had no intent

to defraud, and to a charge under any of paragraphs (h),

(i) and (j), if he proves that he had no intent to conceal

the state of affairs of the company or to defeat the

law.

(2) Where any person pawns, pledges or disposes of

any property in circumstances which amount to a misdemeanour under paragraph (o) of subsection (1) of this

section, every person who takes in pawn or pledge or

otherwise receives the property knowing it to be pawned,

pledged, or disposed of in such circumstances as aforesaid shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and on conviction thereof liable—

(a) in England to be punished in the same way

as if he had received the property knowing

it to have been obtained in circumstances

amounting to a misdemeanour;

(b) in Scotland on conviction on indictment to penal

servitude for a period not exceeding seven years,

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

459

or on summary conviction to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding six months or to a fine

not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to both

such imprisonment and fine.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" director " shall include any person in accordance

with whose directions or instructions the directors of a

company have been accustomed to act.

272. If any director, manager or other officer, or

contributory of any company being wound up destroys,

mutilates, alters, or falsifies any books, papers, or securities, or makes or is privy to the making of any false or

fraudulent entry in any register, book of account, or

document belonging to the company with intent to

defraud or deceive any person, he shall be guilty of a

misdemeanour, and be liable to imprisonment for any

term not exceeding two years, with or without hard

labour.

273. If any person, being at the time of the

commission of the alleged offence a director, manager or

other officer of a company which is subsequently ordered

to be wound up by the court or subsequently passes a

resolution for voluntary winding up—

(a) has by false pretences or by means of any other

fraud induced any person to give credit to the

company;

(b) with intent to defraud creditors of the company,

has made or caused to be made any gift or

transfer of or charge on, or has caused or

connived at the levying of any execution

against, the property of the company;

(c) with intent to defraud creditors of the company,

has concealed or removed any part of the

property of the company since, or within two

months before, the date of any unsatisfied

judgment or order for payment of money

obtained against the company;

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and shall be liable

on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term

not exceeding two years, or on summary conviction to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months.

Part V.

— cont.

Penalty for

falsification

of books.

Frauds by

officers of

companies

which have

gone into

liquidation.

460

Part V.

— cant.

Liability

where

proper

accounts

not kept.

Responsibility of

directors

for fraudulent trading.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

274. —(1) If where a company is wound up

it is shown that proper books of account were not kept

by the company throughout the period of two years

immediately preceding the commencement of the

winding up, every director, manager or other officer of the

company who was knowingly a party to or connived at

the default of the company shall, unless he shows that

he acted honestly or that in the circumstances in which

the business of the company was carried on the default

was excusable, be liable on conviction on indictment to

imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year, or

on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding six months.

(2) For the purposes of this section, proper books of

account shall be deemed not to have been kept in the

case of any company if there have not been kept such

books or accounts as are necessary to exhibit and explain

the transactions and financial position of the trade or

business of the company, including books containing

entries from day to day in sufficient detail of all cash

received and cash paid, and, where the trade or business

has involved dealings in goods, statements of the annual

stocktakings and (except in the case of goods sold by

way of ordinary retail trade) of all goods sold and purchased, showing the goods and the buyers and sellers

thereof in sufficient detail to enable those goods and

those buyers and sellers to be identified.

275. —(1) If in the course of the winding up of a

company it appears that any business of the company has

been carried on with intent to defraud creditors of the

company or creditors of any other person or for any

fraudulent purpose, the court, on the application of the

official receiver, or the liquidator or any creditor or

contributory of the company, may, if it thinks proper so

to do, declare that any of the directors, whether past or

present, of the company who were knowingly parties to

the carrying on of the business in manner aforesaid

shall be personally responsible, without any limitation of

liability, for all or any of the debts or other liabilities of the company as the court may direct.

(2) Where the court makes any such declaration,

it may give such further directions as it thinks proper

for the purpose of giving effect to that declaration, and

in particular may make provision for making the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

461

liability of any such director under the declaration

a, charge on any debt or obligation due from the

company to him, or on any mortgage or charge or any

interest in any mortgage or charge on any assets of the

company held by or vested in him, or any company or

person on his behalf, or any person claiming as assignee

from or through the director, company or person, and

may from time to time make such further order as may

be necessary for the purpose of enforcing any charge

imposed under this subsection.

For the purpose of this subsection, the expression

" assignee " includes any person to whom or in whose

favour, by the directions of the director, the debt,

obligation, mortgage or charge was created, issued or

transferred or the interest created, but does not include

an assignee for valuable consideration (not including

consideration by way of marriage) given in good faith

and without notice of any of the matters on the ground

of which the declaration is made.

(3) Where any business of a company is carried on

with such intent or for such purpose as is mentioned in

subsection (1) of this section, every director of the company who was knowingly a party to the carrying on of the

business in manner aforesaid, shall be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding one year.

(4) The court may, in the case of any person in

respect of whom a declaration has been made under

subsection (1) of this section, or who has been

convicted of an offence under subsection (3) of this

section, order that that person shall not, without

the leave of the court, be a director of or in any way,

whether directly or indirectly, be concerned in or take

part in the management of a company for such period,

not exceeding five years, from the date of the declaration

or of the conviction, as the case may be, as may be

specified in the order, and if any person acts in contravention of an order made under this subsection he

shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on conviction

on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

two years, or on summary conviction to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not

exceeding five hundred pounds, ©r to both such imprisonment and fine.

Part V.

— ront.

462

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.j

— cont.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 59.

Power of

court to

assess

damages

against

delinquent

directors,

&c.

In this subsection the expression "the court " in

relation to the making of an order, means the court

by which the declaration was made or the court before

which the person was convicted, as the case may be,

and in relation to the granting of leave means any court

having jurisdiction to wind up the company.

(5) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" director " shall include any person in accordance with

whose directions or instructions the directors of a company have been accustomed to act.

(6) The provisions of this section shall have effect

notwithstanding that the person concerned may be

criminally liable in respect of the matters on the

ground of which the declaration is to be made, and

where the declaration under subsection (1) of this

section is made in the case of a winding up in England,

the declaration shall be deemed to be a final judgment

within the meaning of paragraph (g) of subsection (1)

of section one of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914.

(7) It shall be the duty of the official receiver or of the liquidator to appear on the hearing of an application

for leave under subsection (4) of this section, and on the

hearing of an application under that subsection or under

subsection (1) of this section the official receiver or the

liquidator, as the case may be, may himself give evidence

or call witnesses.

276.—(1) If in the course of winding up a company it appears that any person who has taken part

in the formation or promotion of the company, or any

past or present director, manager, or liquidator, or

any officer of the company, has misapplied or retained

or become liable or accountable for any money or

property of the company, or been guilty of any misfeasance or breach of trust in relation to the company,

the court may, on the application of the official receiver,

or of the liquidator, or of any creditor or contributory,

examine into the conduct of the promoter, director,

manager, liquidator, or officer, and compel him to repay

or restore the money or property or any part thereof

respectively with interest at such rate as the court

thinks just, or to contribute such sum to the assets of the company by way of compensation in respect of the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

463

misapplication, retainer, misfeasance, or breach of trust

as the court thinks just.

(2) The provisions of this section shall have effect

notwithstanding that the offence is one for which the

offender may be criminally liable.

(3) Where in the case of a winding up in England an

order for payment of money is made under this section,

the order shall be deemed to be a final judgment within

the meaning of paragraph (g) of subsection (1) of section

one of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914.

277 . — (1)If it appears to the court in the course of

a winding up by, or subject to the supervision of, the

court that any past or present director, manager or other

officer, or any member, of the company has been guilty

of any offence in relation to the company for which he is

criminally liable, the court may, either on the application

of any person interested in the winding up or of its own

motion, direct the liquidator—

(a) in the case of a winding up in England either himself to prosecute the offender or to refer the

matter to the Director of Public Prosecutions;

(b) in the case of a winding up in Scotland to refer

the matter to the Lord Advocate.

(2) If it appears to the liquidator in the course of

a voluntary winding up that any past or present director,

manager or other officer, or any member, of the company

has been guilty of any offence in relation to the company

for which he is criminally liable, he shall forthwith report

the matter, in the case of a winding up in England, to

the Director of Public Prosecutions, and, in the case of a

winding up in Scotland, to the Lord Advocate, and shall

furnish to the Director or Lord Advocate, as the case

may be, such information and give to him such access

to and facilities for inspecting and taking copies of any

documents, being information or documents in the

possession or under the control of the liquidator and

relating to the matter in question, as they respectively

may require.

(3) Where any report is made under the last foregoing

subsection to the Director of Public Prosecutions or Lord

Advocate, he may, if he thinks fit, refer the matter to

the Board of Trade for further enquiry, and the Board

Part V.

— cont.

Prosecution

of delinquent

officers and

members of

company.

464

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cant.

shall thereupon investigate the matter and may if they

think it expedient, apply to the court for an order

conferring on the Board or any person designated by

the Board for the purpose with respect to the company

concerned all such powers of investigating the affairs of the company as are provided by this Act in the case

of a winding up by the court.

(4) If on any report to the Director of Public

Prosecutions under subsection (2) of this section it

appears to him that the case is not one in which proceedings ought to be taken by him, he shall inform the

liquidator accordingly, and thereupon, subject to the

previous sanction of the court, the liquidator may himself take proceedings against the offender.

(5) If it appears to the court in the course of a

voluntary winding up that any past or present director,

manager or other officer, or any member, of the company

has been guilty as aforesaid, and that no report with

respect to the matter has been made by the liquidator to

the Director of Public Prosecutions or the Lord Advocate

under subsection (2) of this section, the court may, on

the application of any person interested in the winding

up or of its own motion, direct the liquidator to make

such a report, and on a report being made accordingly

the provisions of this section shall have effect as though

the report had been made in pursuance of the provisions

of subsection (2) of this section.

(6) If, where any matter is reported or referred

to the Director of Public Prosecutions or Lord Advocate

under this section, he considers that the case is one in

which a prosecution ought to be instituted and, further,

that it is desirable in the public interest that the proceedings in the prosecution should be conducted by him,

he shall institute proceedings accordingly, and it shall be

the duty of the liquidator and of every officer and agent

of the company past and present (other than the defendant in the proceedings) to give him all assistance in

connection with the prosecution which he is reasonably

able to give.

For the purposes of this subsection, the expression

" agent " in relation to a company shall be deemed to

include any banker or solicitor of the company and any

person employed by the company as auditor, whether

that person is or is not an officer of the company..

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

405

(7) If any person fails or neglects to give assistance

in manner required by subsection (6) of this section, the

court may, on the application of the Director of Public

Prosecutions or Lord Advocate, as the case may be, direct

that person to comply with the requirements of the said

subsection, and where any such application is made with

respect to a liquidator the court may, unless it appears

that the failure or neglect to comply was due to the

liquidator not having in his hands sufficient assets of the

company to enable him so to do, direct that the costs of the application shall be borne by the liquidator personally.

(8) The Board of Trade, with the consent of the

Treasury, may direct that the whole or any part of

any costs and expenses properly incurred by the liquidator

in proceedings duly brought by him under this section

shall be defrayed as expenses incurred by the Board

under this Act in relation to the winding up of companies

in England and subsection (3) of section thirteen of the

Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926, shall apply

accordingly.

Subject to any direction under this subsection and

to any mortgages or charges on the assets of the company

and any debts to which priority is given by section

two hundred and sixty-four of this Act, all such costs and

expenses as aforesaid shall be payable out of those

assets in priority to all other liabilities payable thereout.

Supplementary Provisions as to Winding up.

278, —(1) A body corporate shall not be qualified

for appointment as liquidator of a company, whether in

a winding up by or under the supervision of the court or

in a voluntary winding up, and any appointment made

in contravention of this provision shall be void.

(2) Nothing in this section shall disqualify a body

corporate from acting as liquidator of a company if

acting under an appointment made before the third

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, but

subject as aforesaid any body corporate which acts as

liquidator of a company shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland

the expression "body corporate " does not include a

firm.

Part V.

— cant.

Disqualification for

appointment as

liquidator.

406

Part V.

— cont.

Enforcement of

duty of

liquidator

to make

returns, &c.

Notification

that a company is in

liquidation.

Exemption

of certain

documents

from stamp

duty on

winding up

of companies.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

279 . — (1)If any liquidator, who has made any

default in filing, delivering or making any return,

account or other document, or in giving any notice

which he is by law required to file, deliver, make or give,

fails to make good the default within fourteen days

after the service on him of a notice requiring him to do

so, the court may, on an application made to the court

by any contributory or creditor of the company or by

the registrar of companies, make an order directing the

liquidator to make good the default within such time

as may be specified in the order.

(2) Any such order may provide that all costs of

and incidental to the application shall be borne by the

liquidator.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the operation of any enactment imposing penalties on a

liquidator in respect of any such default as aforesaid.

280 . —(1) Where a company is being wound up,

whether by or under the supervision of the court or

voluntarily, every invoice, order for goods or business

letter issued by or on behalf of the company or a liquidator

of the company, or a receiver or manager of the property

of the company, being a document on or in which the

name of the company appeal’s, shall contain a statement

that the company is being wound up.

(2) If default is made in complying with this section,

the company and every director, manager, secretary or

other officer of the company, and every liquidator of the

company and every receiver or manager, who knowingly

and wilfully authorises Or permits the default, shall be

liable to a fine of twenty pounds.

281 . —(1) In the case of a winding up by the court

of a company registered in England, or of a creditors ’

voluntary winding up of such a company—

(a) every assurance relating solely to freehold or

leasehold property, or to any mortgage, charge

or other encumbrance on, or any estate, right

or interest in, any real or personal property,

which forms part of the assets of the company

and which, after the execution of the assurance,

either at law or in equity, is or remains part

of the assets of the company; and

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

IG7

(6) every power of attorney, proxy paper, wurit,

order, certificate, affidavit, bond or other instrument or writing relating solely to the property

of any company which is being so w'ound up,

or to any proceeding under any such winding-up,

shall be exempt from duties chargeable under the

enactments relating to stamp duties.

(2) In the case of such a winding up as aforesaid of

a company registered in Scotland,

(a) every conveyance relating solely to property

which forms part of the assets of the company

and which, after the execution of the conveyance, is or remains the property of the

company for the benefit of its creditors; and

(b) every power of attorney, commission, factory,

oath, affidavit, articles of roup or sale, submission, decree arbitral, and every other instrument and writing whatsoever relating solely to

the property of the company; and

(c) every deed or writing forming a part of the

proceedings in the winding up,

shall be exempt from duties chargeable under the enactments relating to stamp duties.

(3) In subsection (1) of this section the expression

" assurance " includes deed, conveyance, assignment

and surrender, and in subsection (2) of this section the

expression " conveyance " includes assignation, instrument, discharge, writing and deed.

282. Where a company is being wound up, all

books and papers of the company and of the liquidators

shall, as between the contributories of the company, be

prima facie evidence of the truth of all matters purporting

to be therein recorded.

283. —(1) When a company has been wound up

and is about to be dissolved, the books and papers of the company and of the liquidators may be disposed

of as follows, that is to say :—

(a) In the case of a winding up by, or subject to the

supervision of, the court in such way as the

court directs;

(b) In the case of a members’ voluntary winding up,

in such way as the company by extraordinary

Part V.

— cont.

Books of

company to

be e\if knee.

Dispu , tl

of books

and papers

of company.

468

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5

Part V.

— cent.

Information as to

pending

liquidations.

resolution directs, and, in the case of a creditors ’

voluntary winding up, in such way as the committee of inspection or, if there is no such com

mittee, as the creditors of the company, may

direct.

(2) After five years from the dissolution of the

company no responsibility shall rest on the company,

the liquidators, or any person to whom the custody

of the books and papers has been committed, by reason

of any book or paper not being forthcoming to any

person claiming to be interested therein.

(3) Provision may be made by general rules for

enabling the Board of Trade to prevent, for such period (not

exceeding five years from the dissolution of the company)

as the Board think proper, the destruction of the books

and papers of a company which has been wound up, and

for enabling any creditor or contributory of the company to make representations to the Board, and to appeal

to the court from any direction which may be given by

the Board in the matter.

(4) If any person acts in contravention of any general

rules made for the purposes of this section or of any

direction of the Board thereunder, he shall be liable to

a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

284.—(1) If where a company is being wound up

the winding up is not concluded within one year after

its commencement, the liquidator shall, at such intervals

as may be prescribed, until the winding up is concluded,

send to the registrar of companies a statement in the

prescribed form and containing the prescribed particulars

with respect to the proceedings in and position of the

liquidation.

(2) Any person stating himself in writing to be a

creditor or contributory of the company shall be entitled,

by himself or by his agent, at all reasonable times, on

payment of the prescribed fee, to inspect the statement,

and to receive a copy thereof or extract therefrom.

(3) If a liquidator fails to comply with this section,

he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds

for each day during which the default continues, and

any person untruthfully stating himself as aforesaid to

be a creditor or contributory shall be guilty of a contempt of court, and shall, on the application of the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

469

liquidator or of the official receiver, be punishable Part V.

accordingly. — cont -

285, —(1) If, where a company is being wound up Unclaimed

in England, it appears either from any statement sent to assets in

the registrar under the last foregoing section or otherwise to

that a liquidator has in his hands or under his control companies

any money representing unclaimed or undistributed assets Liquidation

of the company which have remained unclaimed or Account,

undistributed for six months after the date of their

receipt, the liquidator shall forthwith pay the said money

to the Companies Liquidation Account at the Bank of

England, and shall be entitled to the prescribed certificate of receipt for the money so paid, and that

certificate shall be an effectual discharge to him in respect

.thereof.

(2) For the purpose of ascertaining and getting in

any money payable into the Bank of England in pursuance

of this section, the like powers may be exercised, and by

the like authority, as are exerciseable under section one

hundred and fifty-three of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, for

the purpose of ascertaining and getting in the sums, funds,

and dividends referred to in that section.

(3) Any person claiming to be entitled to any money

paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of this

section may apply to the Board of Trade for payment

thereof, and the Board may, on a certificate by the

liquidator that the person claiming is entitled, make an

order for the payment to that person of the sum due.

(4) Any person dis-satisfied with the decision of the

Board of Trade in respect of a claim made in pursuance of this section may appeal to the High Court.

286. When a company registered in Scotland has Unclaimed

been wound up, and is about to be dissolved, the dividends,

liquidator shall lodge in a joint stock bank of issue in &c - in s ° ot -

Scotland (not being a bank in or of which the liquidator J a 'l d e ^° in 0

is acting partner, manager, agent or cashier) in the bank

name of the Accountant of Court the whole unclaimed

dividends and unapplied or undistributable balances,

and the deposit receipts therefor shall be transmitted to

the Accountant of Court, and the provisions of section

one hundred and fifty-three of the Bankruptcy (Scotland)

Act, 1913, so far as consistent with this Act, shall, with

470

Part V,

— roiit.

Resolutions

passed at

adjourned

meetings of

creditors

and contributories.

Meetings to

ascertain

■wishes of

creditors or

contributories.

Judicial

notice of

signature

oi officers,

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

any necessary modifications, apply to sums lodged in a

bank in pursuance of this section in like manner as they

apply to sums deposited in pursuance of that enactment.

287. Where after the commencement of this Act a

resolution is passed at an adjourned meeting of any

creditors or contributories of a company, the resolution

shall, for all purposes, be treated as haying been passed

on the date on which it was in fact passed, and shall not

be deemed to have been passed on any earlier date.

Supplementary Powers of Court.

288.—(1) The court may, as to all matters relating

to the winding up of a company, have regard to the wishes-

of the creditors or contributories of the company, as

proved to it by any sufficient evidence, and may, if it

thinks fit, for the purpose of ascertaining those wishes,

direct meetings of the creditors or contributories to be

called, held, and conducted in such manner as the court

directs, and may appoint a person to act as chairman

of any such meeting and to report the result thereof to

the court.

(2) In the case of creditors, regard shall be had to

the value of each creditor’s debt.

(3) In the case of contributories, regard shall be

had to the number of votes conferred on each contributory

i>y this Act or the articles.

289. In all proceedings under this Part of this Act,

all courts, judges, and persons judicially acting, and all

officers, judicial or ministerial, of any court, or employed

in enforcing the process of any court, shall take judicial

notice of the signature of any officer of the High Court

or of a county court in England, or of the Court of

Session or of a sheriff court in Scotland, or of the High

Court in Northern Ireland, and also of the official seal

or stamp of the several offices of the High Court in

England or Northern Ireland, or of the Court of Session,

appended to or impressed on any document made,

issued, or signed under the provisions of this Part of this Act, or any official copy thereof.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

471

290 . — (1)The judges of the county courts in

England who sit at places more than twenty miles from

the General Post Office, and in Northern Ireland the

judge exercising the bankruptcy jurisdiction of the High

Court and county court judges and recorders, and the

sheriffs of counties in Scotland, shall be commissioners

for the purpose of taking evidence under this Act, where

a company is wound up in England or Scotland, and the

court may refer the whole or any part of the examination

of any witnesses under this Act to any person hereby

appointed commissioner, although he is out of the

jurisdiction of the court that made the winding up order.

(2) Every commissioner shall, in addition to any

powers which he might lawfully exercise as a judge of

county courts, judge exercising the said bankruptcy jurisdiction, county court judge, recorder or sheriff, have in

the matter so referred to him all the same powers of

summoning and examining witnesses, of requiring the

production or delivery of documents, of punishing defaults

by witnesses, and of allowing costs and expenses to

witnesses, as the court which made the winding-up order.

(3) The examination so taken shall be returned or

reported to the court which made the order in such

manner as that court directs.

291 . — (1)The court may direct the examination in

Scotland of any person for the time being in Scotland,

whether a contributory of the company or not, in regard

to the trade, dealings, affairs or property of any company

in course of being wound up, or of any person being a

contributory of the company, so far as the company may

be interested therein by reason of his being a contributory.

(2) The order or commission to take the examination aforesaid shall be directed to the sheriff of the county

in which the person to be examined is residing or happens

to be for the time, and the sheriff shall summon that

person to appear before him at a time and place to be

specified in the summons for examination on oath as a

witness or as a haver, and to produce any books or papers

called for which are in his possession or power.

(3) The sheriff may take the examination either

orally or on written interrogatories, and shall report the

same in writing in the usual form to the court, and shall

Part V.

— cont.

Special

commission

for receiving

evidence.

Court may

order examination

of persons in

Scotland.

472

Part V.

— cont.

Costs of

application

for leave to

proceed

against company being

wound up in

Scotland.

Affidavits,

&c. in

United

Kingdom

and

dominions.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

transmit with the report the books and papers produced,

if the originals thereof are required and specified by the

order or commission, or otherwise copies thereof or

extracts therefrom authenticated by the sheriff.

(4) If any person so summoned fails to appear at the

time and place specified, or refuses to be examined or to

make the production required, the sheriff shall proceed

against him as a witness or haver duly cited and failing

to appear or refusing to give evidence or make production

may be proceeded against by the law of Scotland.

(5) The sheriff shall be entitled to such fees, and

the witness shall be entitled to such allowances, as

sheriffs when acting as commissioners under appointment

from the Court of Session and as witnesses and havers are

entitled to in the like cases according to the law and

practice of Scotland.

(6) If any objection is stated to the sheriff by the

witness, either on the ground of his incompetency as a

witness, or as to the production required, or on any other

ground, the sheriff may, if he thinks fit, report the objection to the court, and suspend the examination of the

witness until it has been disposed of by the court.

292. —(1) Where any petition or application for leave

to proceed with an action or proceeding against a company

which is being wound up in Scotland is unopposed and

is granted by the court, the costs of such petition or

application shall, unless the court otherwise directs, be

added to the amount of the claim of the petitioner or

applicant against the company.

(2) Nothing in this section shall be taken to affect

the practice or powers of the court as existing immediately

before the commencement of this Act with respect to the

costs of an application for leave to proceed with an

action or proceeding against a company which is being

wound up in England.

293. —(1) Any affidavit required to be sworn under

the provisions or for the purposes of this Part of this Act

may be sworn hi the United Kingdom, or elsewhere

within the dominions of His Majesty, before any court,

judge, or person lawfully authorised to take and receive

affidavits or before any of His Majesty’s consuls or vice-

consuls in any place outside His Majesty’s dominions.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Cir. 23.

473

(2) All courts, judges, justices, commissioners, and

persons acting judicially shall take judicial notice of the seal or stamp or signature, as the case may be,

of any such court, judge, person, consul, or vice-consul

attached, appended, or subscribed to any such affidavit,

or to any other document to be used for the purposes

of this Part of this Act.

Provisions as to Dissolution.

294. —(1) Where a company has been dissolved,

the court may at any time within two years of the date

of the dissolution, on an application being made for the

purpose by the liquidator of the company or by any

other person who appears to the court to be interested,

make an order, upon such terms as the court thinks

fit, declaring the dissolution to have been void, and

thereupon such proceedings may be taken as might

have been taken if the company had not been dissolved.

(2) It shall be the duty of the person on whose

application the order was made, within seven days

after the making of the order, or such further time as

the court may allow r, to deliver to the registrar of companies for registration an office copy of the order, and if

that person fails so to do he shall be liable to a fine not

exceeding five pounds for every day during which the

default continues.

295. —(1) Where the registrar of companies has

reasonable cause to believe that a company is not carrying

on business or in operation, he may send to the company

by post a letter inquiring whether the company is carrying

on business or in operation.

(2) If the registrar does not within one month of

sending the letter receive any answer thereto, he shall

within fourteen days after the expiration of the month

send to the company by post a registered letter referring

to the first letter, and stating that no answer thereto

has been received, and that if an answer is not received

to the second letter within one month from the date

thereof, a notice will be published in the Gazette with a

view to striking the name of the company off the register.

(3) If the registrar either receives an answ r er to

the effect that the company is not carrying on business

or in operation, or does not within one month after

Part V.

— cont.

Power of

court to

declare

dissolution

of company

void.

Registrar

may strike

defunct

company off

register.

474

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— co/it.

sending the second letter receive any answer, he may

publish in the Gazette, and send to the company by

post, a notice that at the expiration of three months

from the date of that notice the name of the company

mentioned therein will, unless cause is shown to the

contrary, be struck off the register and the company will

he dissolved.

(4) If, in any case where a company is being wound

up, the registrar has reasonable cause to believe either

that no liquidator is acting, or that the affairs of the

company are fully wound up, and the returns required

to be made by the liquidator have not been made for

a period of six consecutive months, the registrar shall

publish in the Gazette and. send to the company or

the liquidator, if any, a like notice as is provided in

the last preceding subsection.

(5) At the expiration of the time mentioned in the

notice the registrar may, unless cause to the contrary is

previously shown by the company, strike its name off

the register, and shall publish notice thereof in the

Gazette, and on the publication in the Gazette of this

notice the company shall be dissolved:

Provided that—

(a) the liability, if any, of every director, managing

officer, and member of the company shall

continue and may be enforced as if the

company had not been dissolved; and

(b) nothing in this subsection shall affect the

power of the court to wind up a company the

name of which has been struck off the register.

(6) If a company or any member or creditor thereof

feels aggrieved by the company having been struck off

the register, the court on an application made by the

company or member or creditor before the expiration of

twenty years from the publication in the Gazette of the

notice aforesaid may, if satisfied that the company was

at the time of the striking off carrying on business or in

operation, or otherwise that it is just that the company

be restored to the register, order the name of the company

to be restored to the register, and upon an office copy of the

order being delivered to the registrar for registration the

company shall be deemed to have continued in existence as if

its name had not been struck off; and the court may by the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

475

order give such directions and make such provisions as Part V.

seem just for placing the company and all other persons — cont -

in the same position as nearly as may be as if the name

of the company had not been struck off.

(7) A notice to be sent under this section to a

liquidator may be addressed to the liquidator at his last

known place of business, and a letter or notice to be

sent under this section to a company may be addressed

to the company at its registered office, or, if no office has

been registered, to the care of some director or officer

of the company, or, if there is no director or officer of the company whose name and address are known to the

registrar of companies, may be sent to each of the persons

who subscribed the memorandum, addressed to him at

the address mentioned in the memorandum.

296. Where a company is dissolved, all property Property of

and rights whatsoever vested in or held on trust for the dissolved

company immediately before its dissolution (including co "pany

leasehold property but not including property held by vac nti ° na

the company on trust for any other person) shall, subject

and without prejudice to any order which may at any

time be made by the court under the two last foregoing

sections of this Act, be deemed to be bona vacantia and

shall accordingly belong to the Crown, or to the Duchy

of Lancaster or to the Duke of Cornwall for the time

being, as the case may be, and shall vest and may be

dealt with in the same manner as other bona vacantia

accruing to the Crown, to the Duchy of Lancaster or to

the Duke of Cornwall.

Special Provisions as to Stannaries.

297. When several companies are in course of Attachment

liquidation by or under the supervision of the court °* debt due

exercising the stannaries jurisdiction and acting under t° ontn -

that jurisdiction, if it appears to the judge that a w j n ding up

person who is a contributory of one of the companies is in stannaries

also a creditor claiming a debt against one of the other court,

companies, the judge may (if after inquiry he thinks fit)

direct that the debt, when allowed, shall be attached, and

payment thereof to the creditor suspended for a time

certain as a security for payment of any calls that are

or may in course of liquidation become due from him to

the company of which he is a contributory; and the

476

Part V.

— cant.

Preferential

payments in

stannaries

cases.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

amount thereof shall be applied to such payment in due

course:

Provided that such an order of attachment shall not

prejudice any claim which the company so indebted to

the creditor may have against him by way of set off,

counterclaim, or otherwise, or any lawful claim of lien

or specific charge on the debt in favour of any third

person.

298. In the application to companies within the

stannaries of the provisions of this Act with respect

to preferential payments, the following modifications

shall be made :—

(1) In the case of a clerk or servant of such a company, the priority with respect to wages and

salary given by this Act shall be given to the

extent of three months only, instead of four

months, and shall not extend to the principal

agent, manager, purser or secretary;

(2) All wages in relation to the mine of a miner,

artizan, or labourer employed in or about the

mine, including all earnings by a miner arising

from any description of piece or other work,

or as a tributer or otherwise, but not exceeding

an amount equal to three months wages, shall

be included amongst the payments which are,

under this Act, to be made in priority to other

debts:

(3) The following debts, that is to say :—

(a) wages of any miner, artizan, or labourer,

unpaid at the commencement of the winding

up; and

(b) all such amounts due in respect of any

compensation or liability for compensation

under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925,

payable to a miner or the dependants of a

miner as are given priority by paragraph (d)

of subsection (1) of section two hundred and

sixty-four of this Act; and

(c) all such amounts due in respect of contributions payable in respect of a miner

under the enactments mentioned in paragraph (e) of the said subsection (1) as are

given priority by that paragraph;

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

477

shall be paid by the liquidator forthwith in Part V.

priority to all costs, except (in the case of a — ccmt.

winding up by the court) such costs of and

incidental to the making of the winding up order

as in the opinion of the court have been properly

incurred, and to all claims by mortgagees,

execution creditors, or any other persons, except

the claims of clerks and servants in respect of

their wages or salary.

(4) Subject as aforesaid, the court may, by order,

charge the whole or any part of the assets of the company, in priority to all claims and to

all existing mortgages or charges thereon, with

the payment of a sum sufficient to discharge

the debts to be paid in priority under the last

foregoing paragraph, together with interest

thereon at a rate not exceeding five per cent,

per annum, and this charge may be made in

favour of any person who is willing to advance

the requisite amount or any part thereof, and

as soon as the said sum has been so advanced,

the said debts shall be paid without delay so

far as the amount advanced extends, and in

such order of payment as the court directs.

(5) The provision giving a right of priority to a

person who has advanced money for the making

of payments on account of wages and salaries

shall have effect subject to the modifications

contained in this section.

299.—(1) On the winding up of a company within Provisions

the stannaries, contributions of the miners, artizans, or aa to mine

labourers for the purpose of a mine club, or accident, or club funds -

sick, or benefit fund shall not be deemed to be, or be

applied as part of the assets of the company in liquidation

of the debts of the company or otherwise, but shall be

accounted for by the purser or any other person in

possession of the fund to the liquidator, and shall be

recoverable by him, and be applied in accordance with

the rules of the club.

(2) Where the winding up is a voluntary winding

up, any person claiming to be entitled to any such

contributions or fund shall have the same right as

the liquidator of applying to the court for directions, or

to determine any question arising in the matter.

478

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

P.AET V.

— cont.

Companies

Liquidation

Account.

Investment

of surplus

funds on

general

account.

Separate

accounts of

particular

estates.

Central Accounts.

300.—(1) An account, to be called the Companies

Liquidation Account, shall be kept by the Board of

Trade with the Bank of England, and all moneys received

by the Board in respect of proceedings under this Act

in connexion with the winding up of companies in

England shall be paid to that account.

(2) All payments out of money standing to the

credit of the Board of Trade in the Companies Liquidation Account shall be made by the Bank of England

in the prescribed manner.

301— (1) Whenever the cash balance standing to

the credit of the Companies Liquidation Account is in

excess of the amount which in the opinion of the Board

of Trade is required for the time being to answer demands

in respect of companies’ estates, the Board shall notify

the excess to the Treasury, and shall pay over the whole

or any part of that excess as the Treasury may require,

to the Treasury, to such account as the Treasury may

direct, and the Treasury may invest the sums paid

over, or any part thereof, in Government securities, to

be placed to the credit of the said account.

(2) When any part of the money so invested is, in

the opinion of the Board of Trade, required to answer

any demands in respect of companies’ estates, the

Board shall notify to the Treasury the amount so

required, and the Treasury shall thereupon repay to the

Board such sum as may be required to the credit of the

Companies Liquidation Account, and for that purpose

may direct the sale of such part of the said securities

as may be necessary.

(3) The dividends on investments under this section

shall be paid into the Bankruptcy and Companies

Winding-up (Fees) Account established under the

Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926.

302.—(1) An account shall be kept by the Board of

Trade of the receipts and payments in the winding up of

each company in England, and, when the cash balance

standing to the credit of the account of any company is

in excess of the amount which, in the opinion of the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

479

committee of inspection, is required for the time being AV on t

to answer demands in respect of that company’s estate,

the Board shall, on the request of the committee, invest

the amount not so required in Government securities, to

be placed to the credit of the said account for the benefit

of the company.

(2) When any part of the money so invested is, in

the opinion of the committee of inspection, required to

answer any demands in respect of the estate of the

company, the Board of Trade shall, on the request of the

committee, raise such sum as may be required by the

sale of such part of the said securities as may be necessary.

(3) The dividends on investments under this section

shall be paid to the credit of the company.

(4) When the balance at the credit of any company’s

account in the hands of the Board of Trade exceeds two

thousand pounds, and the liquidator gives notice to the

Board that the excess is not required for the purposes

of the liquidation, the company shall be entitled to

interest on the excess at the rate of two per cent, per

annum.

Officers.

303 . — (1)The Board of Trade may, with the Officer* and

approval of the Treasury, appoint such additional officers remunera-

as may be required by the Board for the execution as don.

respects England of this Part of this Act, and may remove

any person so appointed.

(2) The Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the

Treasury, shall direct whether any and what remuneration

is to be allowed to any officer of, or person attached to,

the Board performing any duties under this Part of this Act in relation to the winding up of companies in England,

and may vary, increase, or diminish that remuneration

as they think fit.

304 . The officers of the courts acting in the winding Returns by-

up of companies in England shall make to the Board of officers in ‘

Trade such returns of the business of their respective English

courts and offices, at such times, and in such manner Avm<llI| g up.

and form, as may be prescribed, and from those returns

the Board shall cause books to be prepared which shall,

under the regulations of the Board, be open for pu blie

information and searches.

480

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part V.

— cent.

General

rules and

fees for

winding up.

Rules and Fees.

305.—(1) The Lord Chancellor may, with the

concurrence of the President of the Board of Trade,

make general rules for carrying into effect the objects of this Act so far as relates to the winding up of companies

in England, and the Court of Session may by Act of

Sederunt make general rules for carrying into effect the

objects of this Act so far as relates to the winding up

of companies in Scotland.

(2) All rules made under this section shall be laid

before Parliament within three weeks after they are

made, if Parliament is then sitting, and, if Parliament

is not sitting, within three weeks after the beginning of the next session of Parliament, and shall be judicially

noticed, and shall have effect as if enacted by this Act.

(3) There shall be paid in respect of proceedings under

this Act in relation to the winding up of companies in

England such fees as the Lord Chancellor may, with

the sanction of the Treasury, direct, and the Treasury

may direct by whom and in what manner the same are

to be collected and accounted for:

Provided that in fixing the fees aforesaid regard

shall be had to the provisions of section fourteen of the Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926.

(4) All rules made and directions given by the Lord

Chancellor under this section shall be adopted by the

authority for the time being empowered to make rules for

regulating the practice or procedure in the Chancery

Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster, but as so

adopted shall have effect with the substitution of the

words " vice-chancellor " for the word "judge, " and

of the word "registrar " for the word "master, " and

of the words "chambers of the registrar " for the words

" chambers of the judge " and " judge’s chambers, "

and any directions as to the remuneration to be allowed

to officers of that court in respect of proceedings under

this Act shall be subject to the sanction of the Chancellor

of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

4S1

Part VI.

Receivers and Managers.

306 . — (1)A body corporate shall not be qualified Disquali-

for appointment as receiver of the property of a company, fication for

appoint-

(2) Nothing in this section shall disqualify a body mentas

corporate from acting as receiver as aforesaid if acting receiver,

under an appointment made before the third day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, but subject

as aforesaid any body corporate which acts as receiver

as aforesaid shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland the

expression " body corporate " does not include a firm.

307 . Where an application is made to the court to Power in Ens-

appoint a receiver on behalf of the debenture holders or otlirial receiver

other creditors of a company which is being wound up debenture

by the court in England, the official receiver may be so creditors,

appointed.

308 . — (1)Where a receiver or manager of the Notification

property of a company has been appointed, every invoice, that receiver

order for goods or business letter issued by or on behalf or manager

of the company or the receiver or manager or the a l)P om

liquidator of the company, being a document on

or in which the name of the company appears, shall

contain a statement that a receiver or manager has been

appointed.

(2) If default is made in complying with the requirements of this section, the company and every director,

manager, secretary or other officer of the company,

and every liquidator of the company, and every receiver

or manager, who knowingly and wilfully authorises or

permits the default, shall be liable to a fine of twenty

pounds.

309 . The Court may, on an application made to the Power of

court by the liquidator of a company, by order fix the C0lirt to fix

amount to be paid by way of remuneration to any remunera-

person who, under the powers contained in any instru- p^atSn of

ment, has been appointed as receiver or manager of the liquidator,

property of the company, and may from time to time,

on an application made either by the liquidator or by

Hh

482 Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part VI. the receiver or manager, vary or amend any order so

— ront. made.

Delivery to 310. — (1)Every receiver or manager of the property

registrar of G f a company who has been appointed under the powers

receivers contained in any instrument shall, within one month,

an d or such longer period as the registrar of companies may

managers, allow, after the expiration of the period of six months

from the date of his appointment and of every subsequent

period of six months, and within one month after he

ceases to act as receiver or manager, deliver to the registrar

of companies for registration an abstract in the prescribed

form showing his receipts and his payments during that

period of six months, or, where he ceases to act as aforesaid, during the period from the end of the period to which

the last preceding abstract related up to the date of his

so ceasing, and the aggregate amount of his receipts

and of his payments during all preceding periods since

his appointment.

(2) Every receiver or manager who makes default

in complying with the provisions of this section shall be

liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every day

during which the default continues.

311.—(1) If

(a) any receiver of the property of a company,

who has made default in filing, delivering or

making any return, account or other document

or in giving any notice, which a receiver is by

law required to file, deliver, make or give, fails

to make good the default within fourteen

days after the service on him of a notice

requiring him to do so; or

(b) any receiver or manager of the property of a

company who has been appointed under the

powers contained in any instrument, has,

after being required at any time by the

liquidator of the company so to do, failed to

render proper accounts of his receipts and

payments and to pay over to the liquidator

the amount properly payable to him;

the court may, on an application made for the purpose,

make an order directing the receiver or manager, as the

case may be, to make good the default within such time

as may be specified in the order.

Enforcement of duty

of receiver

to make

returns, &c.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

483

(2) In the case of any such default as is mentioned

in paragraph (a) of the last preceding subsection an

application for the purposes of this section may be made

by any member or creditor of the company or by the

registrar of companies, and the order may provide that

all costs of and incidental to the application shall be

borne by the receiver, and in the case of any such default

as is mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection the

application shall be made by the 1 liquidator.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the operation of any enactments imposing penalties on

receivers in respect of such default as is mentioned in

paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section.

Part VII.

General Provisions as to Registration.

312 . — (1)For the purposes of the registration of

companies under this Act, there shall be offices in

England and Scotland at such places as the Board of

Trade think fit.

(2) The Board of Trade may appoint such registrars,

assistant registrars, clerks, and servants as the Board

think necessary for the registration of companies under

this Act, and may make regulations with respect to their

duties, and may remove any persons so appointed.

(3) The salaries of the persons appointed under this

section shall be fixed by the Board of Trade with the

concurrence of the Treasury, and shall be paid out of

money provided by Parliament.

(4) The Board of Trade may require that the office of the registrar of the court exercising in respect of the winding

up of companies the stannaries jurisdiction shall be one

of the offices for the registration of companies within

that jurisdiction.

(5) The Board may direct a seal or seals to be

prepared for the authentication of documents required

for or connected with the registration of companies.

(6) Whenever any act is by this Act directed to be

done to or by the registrar of companies, it shall, until

the Board of Trade otherwise directs, be done to or by

Hh 2

Part VI.

—cont

Registration

offices in

England

and Scotland.

484

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part VII.

— cont.

Fees.

Inspection,

production

and evidence of

documents

kept by

registrar.

the existing registrar of companies in England or Scotland, as the case may be, or in his absence to or by such

person as the Board may for the time being authorise:

Provided that, in the event of the Board altering

the constitution of the existing registry offices or any

of them, any such act shall be done to or by such

officer and at such place with reference to the local

situation of the registered offices of the companies to be

registered as the Board may appoint.

313 . — (1)There shall be paid to the registrar in

respect of the several matters mentioned in the Table

set out in the Tenth Schedule to this Act the several fees

therein specified.

(2) All fees paid to the registrar in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

314 . —(1) Any person may inspect the documents

kept by the registrar of companies on payment of such

fees as may be appointed by the Board of Trade, not

exceeding one shilling for each inspection, and any person

may require a certificate of the incorporation of any

company, or a copy or extract of any other document or

any part of any other document, to be certified by the

registrar, on payment for the certificate, certified copy or

extract, of such fees as the Board of Trade may appoint,

not exceeding five shillings for a certificate of incorporation and not exceeding sixpence for each folio of a

certified copy or extract:

Provided that, where a company has been dissolved

under this Act, the registrar may, at any time after

the expiration of two years from the date of the dissolution, direct that any documents in his custody relating

to that company may be removed to the Public Record

Office, and documents in respect of which any such

direction is given shall be disposed of in accordance with

the provisions of the Public Record Office Acts, 1838

to 1898, and the rules made thereunder.

(2) No process for compelling the production of

any document kept by the registrar shall issue from

any court except with the leave of that court, and any

such process if issued shall bear thereon a statement

that it is issued with the leave of the court.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

485

(3) A copy of or extract from any document kept

and registered at any of the offices for the registration of

companies in England or Scotland, certified to be a

true copy under the hand of the registrar (whose official

position it shall not be necessary to prove), shall in all

legal proceedings be admissible in evidence as of equal

validity with the original document.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland,

as in its application to England, a folio shall be deemed

to consist of seventy-two words.

315.—(1) If a company, having made default in

complying with any provision of this Act which requires

it to file with, deliver or send to the registrar of companies any return, account or other document, or to give

notice to him of any matter, fails to make good the

default within fourteen days after the service of a notice

on the company requiring it to do so, the court may,

on an application made to the court by any member or

creditor of the company or by the registrar of companies,

make an order directing the company and any officer

thereof to make good the default within such time as

may be specified in the order.

(2) Any such order may provide that all costs of

and incidental to the application shall be borne by the

company or by any officers of the company responsible

for the default.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice

the operation of any enactment imposing penalties on a

company or its officers in respect of any such default as

aforesaid.

Part VIII.

Application of Act to Companies formed or

Registered under former Acts.

316. In the application of this Act to existing

companies, it shall apply in the same manner—

(1) in the case of a limited company, other than

a company limited by guarantee, as if the

company had been formed and registered under

this Act as a company limited by shares;

Part VII.

—s ont.

Enforcement of

duty of

company

to make

returns to

registrar.

Application

of Act to

companies

formed

under

former

Companies

Acts.

486

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part VIII.

— cont.

25 & 26 Vict,

c. 89.

Application

of Act to

companies

registered

under

former

Companies

Acts.

Application

of Act to

companies

re-registered

under

former Companies Acts.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 76.

Provision as

to companies registered under

the Joint

(2) in the case of a company limited by guarantee,

as if the company had been formed and

registered under this Act as a company limited

by guarantee; and

(3) in the^ case of a company other than a

limited company, as if the company had been

formed and registered under this Act as an

unlimited company:

Provided that reference, express or implied, to the

date of registration shall be construed as a reference to

the date at which the company was registered under

the Joint Stock Companies Acts, the Companies Act, 1862,

or the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, as the case

may be.

317 . This Act shall apply to every company

registered but not formed under the Joint Stock Companies Acts, the Companies Act, 1862, or the Companies

(Consolidation) Act, 1908, in the same manner as it is

in Part IX of this Act declared to apply to companies

registered but not formed under this Act:

Provided that reference, express or implied, to the

date of registration shall be construed as a reference

to the date at which the company was registered under

the Joint Stock Companies Acts, the Companies Act,

1862, or the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, as

the case may be.

318 . This Act shall apply to every unlimited

company registered as a limited company in pursuance

of the Companies Act, 1879, or section fifty-seven of the

Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, in the same

manner as it applies to an unlimited company registered

in pursuance of this Act as a limited company:

Provided that reference, express or implied, to the

date of registration shall be construed as a reference to

the date at which the company was registered as a limited

company under the said Act or said section, as the case

may be.

319 . —(1) A company registered under the Joint

Stock Companies Acts may cause its shares to be transferred in manner hitherto in use, or in such other manner

as the company may direct.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

487

(2) The power of altering articles under section ten Part Vlll.

of this Act shall, in the case of an unlimited company —cont.

formed and registered under the Joint Stock Companies

Acts, extend to altering any regulations relating to the 1>atues c s *

amount of capital or to its distribution into shares,

notwithstanding that those regulations are contained in

the memorandum.

320 . Nothing in this Part of this Act shall apply

to companies registered in the Irish Free State or

Northern Ireland.

Exclusion of

companies

registered in

Irish Free State

or Northern

i re land.

Part IX.

Companies not formed under this Act authorised

to Register under this Act.

321 . — (1)With the exceptions and subject to the Companies

provisions contained in this section, — capable of

(a) any company consisting of seven or more members, ^tered.

which was in existence on the second day of

November, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,

including any company registered under the

Joint Stock Companies Acts; and

(b) any company formed after the date aforesaid,

whether before or after the commencement of this Act, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament

other than this Act, or of letters patent, or

being a company within the stannaries, or

being otherwise duly constituted according to

law, and consisting of seven or more members;

may at any time register under this Act as an unlimited

company, or as a company limited by shares, or as a

company limited by guarantee; and the registration

shall not be invalid by reason that it has taken plac#

with a view to the company being wound up:

Provided that—

(i) A company registered in any part of the United

Kingdom under the Companies Act, 1862, or

the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, shall

not register in pursuance of this section:

(ii) A company having the liability of its members

limited by Act of Parliament or letters

488

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo 5.

Part IX.

— cont.

patent, and not being a joint stock company

as hereinafter defined, shall not register in

pursuance of this section:

(iii) A company having the liability of its members

limited by Act of Parliament or letters patent

shall not register in pursuance of this section

as an unlimited company or as a company

limited by guarantee:

(iv) A company that is not a joint stock company

as hereinafter defined shall not register in

pursuance of this section as a company

limited by shares:

(v) A company shall not register in pursuance of this section without the assent of a majority

of such of its members as are present in

person or by proxy (in cases where proxies

are allowed by the regulations of the company) at a general meeting summoned for

the purpose:

(vi) Where a company not having the liability of

its members limited by Act of Parliament or

letters patent is about to register as a limited

company, the majority required to assent as

aforesaid shall consist of not less than three-

fourths of the members present in person or

by proxy at the meeting:

(vii) Where a company is about to register as a

company limited by guarantee, the assent to

its being so registered shall be accompanied

by a resolution declaring that each member

undertakes to contribute to the assets of the

company, in the event of its being wound up

while he is a member, or within one year

after he ceases to be a member, for payment

of the debts and liabilities of the company

contracted before he ceased to be a member,

and of the costs and expenses of winding

up, and for the adjustment of the rights of the contributories among themselves, such

amount as may be required, not exceeding

a specified amount.

(2) In computing any majority under this section

when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

489

number of votes to which each member is entitled Part IX.

according to the regulations of the company. cont -

322. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, Definition of

as far as relates to registration of companies as companies joint stock

limited by shares, a joint stock company means a com- o° m pany.

pany having a permanent paid-up or nominal share

capital of fixed amount divided into shares, also of

fixed amount, or held and transferable as stock, or

divided and held partly in one way and partly in the

other, and formed on the principle of having for its

members the holders of those shares or that stock, and

no other persons, and such a company when registered

with limited liability under this Act shall be deemed

to be a company limited by shares.

323. Before the registration in pursuance of this Require-

Part of this Act of a joint stock company, there shall be ments for

delivered to the registrar the following documents:— registration

by joint

(1) A fist showing the names, addresses, and occupa- stock

tions of all persons who on a day named in the companies,

list, not being more than six clear days before

the day of registration, were members of the

company, with the addition of the shares or

stock held by them respectively, distinguishing,

in cases where the shares are numbered, each

share by its number;

(2) A copy of any Act of Parliament, royal charter,

letters patent, deed of settlement, contract of

copartner,, cost book regulations, or other

instrument constituting or regulating the company; and

(3) If the company is intended to be registered as

a limited company, a statement specifying the

following particulars:—

(a) The nominal share capital of the company and the number of shares into which

it is divided, or the amount of stock of which

it consists;

(b) The number of shares taken and the

amount paid on each share;

(c) The name of the company, with the

addition of the word "limited " as the last

word thereof; and

490

Part IX.

— cont.

Requirements for

registration

by other

than joint

stock

companies

Authentication of

statements

of existing

companies.

Registrar may

require evidence

as to nature of

company.

Exemption

of certain

companies

from payment of fees

Addition of

" limited "

to name.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(d) In the case of a company intended to

be registered as a company limited by

guarantee, the resolution declaring the amount

of the guarantee.

324 . Before the registration in pursuance of this

Part of this Act of any company not being a joint stock

company, there shall be delivered to the registrar—

(1) A list showing the names, addresses, and occupations of the directors or other managers (if

any) of the company; and

(2) A copy of any Act of Parliament, letters patent,

deed of settlement, contract of copartner,, cost

book regulations, or other instrument constituting or regulating the company; and

(3) In the case of a company intended to be registered

as a company limited by guarantee, a copy of the resolution declaring the amount of the

guarantee.

325 . The lists of members and directors and any

other particulars relating to the company required to be

delivered to the registrar shall be verified by a statutory

declaration of any two or more directors or other principal

officers of the company.

326 . The registrar may require such evidence as he

thinks necessary for the purpose of satisfying himself

whether any company proposing to be registered is or is

not a joint stock company as hereinbefore defined

327 . No fees shall be charged in respect of the

registration in pursuance of this Part of tins Act of a

company if it is not registered as a limited company,

or if before its registration as a limited company the

liability of the shareholders was limited by some other

Act of Parliament or by letters patent.

328 . When a company registers in pursuance of this Part of this Act with limited liability, the word

" limited " shall form, and be registered as, part of its

name.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

491

329. On compliance with the requirements of this

Part of this Act with respect to registration, and on

payment of such fees, if any, as are payable under

the Tenth Schedule to this Act, the registrar shall certify

under his hand that the company applying for registration is incorporated as a company under this Act, and

in the case of a limited company that it is limited, and

thereupon the company shall be so incorporated, and

any banking company in Scotland so incorporated shall

be deemed to be a bank incorporated, constituted, or

established by or under Act of Parliament.

330. All property, real and personal (including

things in action), belonging to or vested in a company

at the date of its registration in pursuance of this Part

of this Act, shall on registration pass to and vest in

the company as incorporated under this Act for all the

estate and interest of the company therein.

331. Registration of a company in pursuance of this Part of this Act shall not affect the rights or liabilities of the company in respect of any debt or obligation

incurred, or any contract entered into, by, to, with,

or on behalf of, the company before registration.

332. All actions and other legal proceedings which

at the time of the registration of a company in pursuance

of this Part of this Act are pending by or against the

company, or the public officer or any member thereof,

may be continued in the same manner as if the registration

had not taken place:

Provided that execution shall not issue against the

effects of any individual member of the company on any

judgment, decree, or order obtained in any such action

or proceeding, but, in the event of the property and

effects of the company being insufficient to satisfy the

judgment, decree, or order, an order may be obtained

for winding up the company.

333. — (1) When a company is registered in pursuance of this Part of this Act, the following provisions

of this section shall have effect.

(2) All provisions contained in any Act of Parliament or other instrument constituting or regulating the

company, including, in the case of a company registered

Part IX.

— CMnt.

Certificate

of registra-

tion of

existing

companies.

Vesting of

property on

registration.

kSaving for

existing

liabilities.

Continuation of

existing

actions.

Effect of

registration

under Act.

492

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part IX.

— cont.

as a company limited by guarantee, the resolution

declaring the amount of the guarantee, shall be deemed

to be conditions and regulations of the company, in the

same manner and with the same incidents as if so much

thereof as would, if the company had been formed under

this Act, have been required to be inserted in the memorandum, were contained in a registered memorandum,

and the residue thereof were contained in registered

articles.

(3) All the provisions of this Act shall apply to

the company, and the members, contributories, and

creditors thereof, in the same manner in all respects

as if it had been formed under this Act, subject as

follows:—

(a) Table A shall not apply unless adopted by

special resolution;

(b) The provisions of this Act relating to the

numbering of shares shall not apply to any

joint stock company whose shares are not

numbered;

(c) Subject to the provisions of this section the company shall not have power to alter any provision

contained in any Act of Parliament relating to

the company;

(d) Subject to the provisions of this section the

company shall not have power, without the

sanction of the Board of Trade, to alter any

provision contained in any letters patent

relating to the company;

(e) The company shall not have power to alter any

provision contained in a royal charter or letters

patent with respect to the objects of the

company;

(f) In the event of the company being wound up,

every person shall be a contributory, in respect

of the debts and liabilities of the company

contracted before registration, who is liable to

pay or contribute to the payment of any debt

or liability of the company contracted before

registration, or to pay or contribute to the

payment of any sum for the adjustment of

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

493

the rights of the members among themselves Part IX.

in respect of any such debt or liability, or to —cant.

pay or contribute to the payment of the costs

and expenses of winding up the company, so

far as relates to such debts or liabilities as

aforesaid;

(g) In the event of the company being wound up,

every contributory shall be liable to contribute

to the assets of the company, in the course of the winding up, all sums due from him in

respect of any such liability as aforesaid, and,

in the event of the death, bankruptcy, or

insolvency, of any contributory, or marriage

of any female contributory, the provisions of this Act with respect to the personal representatives, to the heirs and legatees of heritage

of the heritable estate in Scotland of deceased

contributories, to the trustees of bankrupt or

insolvent contributories, and to the liabilities

of husbands and wives respectively, shall apply.

(4) The provisions of this Act with respect to—

(a) the registration of an unlimited company as

limited;

(b) the powers of an unlimited company on registration as a limited company to increase the

nominal amount of its share capital and to

provide that a portion of its share capital

shall not be capable of being called up except

in the event of winding up;

(c) the power of a limited company to determine

that a portion of its share capital shall not

be capable of being called up except in the

event of winding up;

shall apply notwithstanding any provisions contained in

any Act of Parliament, royal charter, or other instrument constituting or regulating the company.

(5) Nothing in this section shall authorise the

company to alter any such provisions contained in any

instrument constituting or regulating the company, as

would, if the company had originally been formed under

this Act, have been required to be contained in the

memorandum and are not authorised to be altered by

this Act.

494

Part IX.

•— runt.

Power to

substitute

memorandum and

articles for

deed of

settlement.

Power of

court to

stay or

restrain

proceedings.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(6) Nothing in this Act shall derogate from any

power of altering its constitution or regulations which

may, by virtue of any Act of Parliament or other

instrument constituting or regulating the company, be

vested in the company.

(7) In this section the expression "instrument "

includes deed of settlement, contract of co-partnery,

cost-book regulations and letters patent.

334. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

a company registered in pursuance of this Part of this Act may by special resolution alter the form of its

constitution by substituting a memorandum and articles

for a deed of settlement.

(2) The provisions of this Act with respect to

confirmation by the court and registration of an alteration of the objects of a company shall so far as applicable

apply to an alteration under this section with the

following modifications:—

(a) There shall be substituted for the printed copy

of the altered memorandum required to be

delivered to the registrar of companies a printed

copy of the substituted memorandum and

articles; and

(b) On the registration of the alteration being

certified by the registrar the substituted memorandum and articles shall apply to the company

in the same manner as if it were a company

registered under this Act with that memorandum

and those articles, and the company’s deed of

settlement shall cease to apply to the company.

(3) An alteration under tins section may be made

either with or without any alteration of the objects of the company under this Act.

(4) In this section the expression "deed of settlement " includes any contract of copartner, or other

instrument constituting or regulating the company, not

being an Act of Parliament, a royal charter, or letters

patent.

335. The provisions of this Act with respect to

staying and restraining actions and proceedings against

a company at any time after the presentation of a

petition for winding up and before the making of a

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

495

winding-up order shall, in the case of a company registered in pursuance of this Part of this Act, where the

application to stay or restrain is by a creditor, extend

to actions and proceedings against any contributory of the company.

336. Where an order has been made for winding

up a company registered in pursuance of this Part of this Act, no action or proceeding shall be commenced

or proceeded with against the company or any contributory of the company in respect of any debt of the

company, except by leave of the court, and subject to

such terms as the court may impose.

Part X.

Winding up of Unregistered Companies.

337. For the -purposes of this Part of this Act, the

expression " unregistered company " shall include any

trustee savings bank certified under the Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1863, and any partnership, whether limited

or not, any association and any company with the

following exceptions:—

(1) a railway company incorporated by Act of

Parliament, except in so far as is provided

by the Abandonment of Railways Act, 1850,

and the Abandonment of Railways Act, 1869,

and any Acts amending them;

(2) a company registered in any part of the United

Kingdom under the Joint Stock Companies

Acts or under the Companies Act, 1862, or

under the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908,

or under this Act;

(3) a partnership, association or company which

consists of less than eight members and is not

a foreign partnership, association or company;

(4) a limited partnership registered in England or

Northern Ireland.

338. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, any unregistered company may be wound up

under this Act, and all the provisions of this Act with

Part IX.

—cont.

Actions

stayed on

winding-up

order.

Meaning of

unregistered

company.

26 & 27 Vict,

c. 87.

13 & It Vict,

c. 83.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 114.

Winding up

of unregistered companies.

496

Ch. 23.

Part X.

— cont.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

respect to winding up shall apply to an unregistered

company, with the following exceptions and additions :—

(a) If an unregistered company has a principal

place of business situate in Northern Ireland, It

shall not be wound up under this Part of this Act unless it has a principal place of business

situate in England or Scotland or in both

England and Scotland:

(b) An unregistered company shall, for the purpose of

determining the court having jurisdiction in

the matter of the winding up, be deemed to be

registered in England or Scotland, according

as its principal place of business is situate in

England or Scotland, or if it has a principal

place of business situate in both countries, to be

registered in both countries and the principal

place of business situate in that part of Great

Britain in which proceedings are being instituted

shall, for all the purposes of the winding up,

be deemed to be the registered office of the

company:

(c) No unregistered company shall be wound up

under this Act voluntarily or subject to supervision:

(d) The circumstances in which an unregistered

company may be wound up are as follows:—

(i) If the company is dissolved, or has

ceased to carry on business, or is carrying on

business only for the purpose of winding up

its affairs;

(ii) If the company is unable to pay its

debts;

(iii) If the court is of opinion that it is just

and equitable that the company should be

wound up:

(e) An unregistered company shall, for the purposes

of this Act, be deemed to be unable to pay its

debts:—

(i) If a creditor, by assignment or otherwise,

to whom the company is indebted in a sum

exceeding fifty pounds then due, has served

on the company, by leaving at its principal

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

497

place of business, or by delivering to the

secretary or some director, manager, or principal officer of the company, or by otherwise

serving in such manner as the court may

approve or direct, a demand under his hand

requiring the company to pay the sum so due,

and the company has for three weeks after the

service of the demand neglected to pay the

sum, or to secure or compound for it to the

satisfaction of the creditor;

(ii) If any action or other proceeding has

been instituted against any member for any

debt or demand due, or claimed to be due,

from the company, or from him in his

character of member, and notice in writing

of the institution of the action or proceeding

having been served on the company by

leaving the same at its principal place of

business, or by delivering it to the secretary,

or some director, manager, or principal officer

of the company, or by otherwise serving the

same in such manner as the court may

approve or direct, the company has not

within ten days after service of the notice

paid, secured, or compounded for the debt

or demand, or procured the action or proceeding to be stayed, or indemnified the

defendant to his reasonable satisfaction against

the action or proceeding, and against all

costs, damages, and expenses to be incurred

by him by reason of the same;

(in) If in England or Northern Ireland

execution or other process issued on a judgment, decree, or order obtained in any court

in favour of a creditor against the company,

or any member thereof as such, or any

person authorised to be sued as nominal

defendant on behalf of the company, is

returned unsatisfied;

(iv) If in Scotland the inducise of a charge

for payment on an extract decree, or an

extract registered bond, or an extract registered protest, have expired without payment

being made;

Ii

Part X.

— cont.

498

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part X.

— cont.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 47.

(v) If it is otherwise proved to the satisfaction of the court that the company is

unable to pay its debts:

(f) The court having jurisdiction to wind up a

railway company under the Abandonment of

Railways Act, 1850, and the Abandonment of

Railways Act, 1869, and the Acts amending

them, shall be the High Court or the Court of

Session, according as the railway was authorised

to be made in England or Scotland, and the

special provisions of those Acts shall apply

to the winding up with the substitution of

references to this Act for references to the

Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867:

Provided that, subject to any order made

under section fifty-seven of the Supreme Court

of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925, and

without prejudice to the power to make orders

of transfer under that Act, the jurisdiction of the High Court under this provision shall be

exercised by the Chancery Division of that

Court and provision may be made by general

rules for regulating the exercise of the said

jurisdiction:

(g) A petition for winding up a trustee savings

bank may be presented by the National Debt

Commissioners, or by a commissioner appointed

under the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1887, as

well as by any person authorised under the

other provisions of this Act to present a petition

for winding up a company:

(h) In the case of a limited partnership the provisions of this Act with respect to winding

up shall apply with such modifications, if any,

as may be provided by rules made by the Lord

Chancellor with the concurrence of the President of the Board of Trade, and with the

substitution of general partners for directors.

(2) Where a company incorporated outside Great

Britain which has been carrying on business in Great

Britain ceases to carry on business in Great Britain, it

may be wound up as an unregistered company under

this Part of this Act, notwithstanding that it has been

1929 Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

dissolved or otherwise ceased to exist as a company under

or by virtue of the laws of the country under which

it was incorporated.

(3) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall affect the

operation of any enactment which provides for any

partnership, association, or company, being wound up,

or being wound up as a company or as an unregistered

company, under any enactment repealed by this Act,

except that references in any such first-mentioned

enactment to any such repealed enactment shall be

read as references to the corresponding provision (if

any) of this Act.

339. —(1) In the event of an unregistered company

being wound up, every person shall be deemed to be a

contributory who is liable to pay or contribute to the

payment of any debt or liability of the company, or to

pay or contribute to the payment of any sum for the

adjustment of the rights of the members among themselves, or to pay or contribute to the payment of the

costs and expenses of winding up the company, and

every contributory shall be liable to contribute to the

assets of the company all sums due from him in respect

of any such liability as aforesaid:

Provided that, in the case of an unregistered company

within the stannaries, a past member shall not be liable

to contribute to the assets of the company if he has

ceased to be a member for two years or more either

before the mine ceased to be worked or before the date

of the winding-up order.

(2) In the event of the death, bankruptcy, or insolvency, of any contributory, or marriage of any female

contributory, the provisions of this Act with respect to

the personal representatives, to the heirs and legatees

of heritage of the heritable estate in Scotland of deceased

contributories, to the trustees of bankrupt or insolvent

contributories, and to the liabilities of husbands and

wives respectively, shall apply.

340. The provisions of this Act with respect to

staying and restraining actions and proceedings against

a company at any time after the presentation of a

petition for winding up and before the making of a

winding-up order shall, in the case of an unregistered

li 2

499

Part X.

— cont.

Contributories in

winding up

of unregistered company.

Power of

court to

stay or

restrain

proceeding*.

500

Part X.

— cont.

Actions

stayed on

winding-up

order.

Provisions

of Part X

cumulative.

Companies

to which

Part XI

applies.

Documents,

&c., to be

delivered to

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

company, where the application to stay or restrain is

by a creditor, extend to actions and proceedings against

any contributory of the company.

341. Where an order has been made for winding

up an unregistered company, no action or proceeding

shall be proceeded with or commenced against any

contributory of the company in respect of any debt

of the company, except by leave of the court, and subject

to such terms as the court may impose.

342. The provisions of this Part of this Act with

respect to unregistered companies shall be in addition to

and not in restriction of any provisions hereinbefore

in this Act contained with respect to winding up companies by the court, and the court or liquidator may

exercise any powers or do any act in the case of unregistered companies which might be exercised or done by

it or him in winding up companies formed and registered

under this Act:

Provided that an unregistered company shall not,

except in the event of its being wound up, be deemed

to be a company under this Act, and then only to the

extent provided by this Part of this Act.

Part XI.

Companies Incorporated outside Great Britain

CARRYING ON BUSINESS WITHIN GREAT BRITAIN.

343. This Part of this Act shall apply to all companies incorporated outside Great Britain which, after the

commencement of this Act, establish a place of business

within Great Britain, and to all companies incorporated

outside Great Britain which have, before the commencement of this Act, established a place of business

within Great Britain and continue to have an established

place of business within Great Britain at the commencement of this Act.

344. —(1) Companies incorporated outside Great

Britain which, after the commencement of this Act,

establish a place of business within Great Britain, shall

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

501

within one month from the establishment of the place

of business, deliver to the registrar of companies for

registration—

(a) a certified copy of the charter, statutes or

memorandum and articles of the company, or

other instrument constituting or defining the

constitution of the company, and, if the instrument is not written in the English language,

a certified translation thereof;

(b) a list of the directors of the company, containing

such particulars with respect to the directors

a3 are by this Act required to be contained

with respect to directors in the register of the

directors of a company;

(c) the names and addresses of some one or more

persons resident in Great Britain authorised

to accept on behalf of the company service

of process and any notices required to be

served on the company.

(2) The following companies, namely :—

(a) companies incorporated outside Great Britain

which, before the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and nine, established a place of

business and at the commencement of this Act continue to have a place of business

within Great Britain;

(b) companies incorporated in Northern Ireland

before the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and twenty-two, which at the commencement of this Act have a place of business within Great Britain;

(c) companies incorporated in the Irish Free State

which, before the twenty-seventh day of March,

nineteen hundred and twenty-three, established a place of business and at the commencement of this Act continue to have a

place of business within Great Britain;

shall, within one month from the commencement of this Act, deliver to the registrar for registration the documents

and particulars specified in the last foregoing subsection.

Part XI.

— cont.

registrar by

companies

carrying on

business in

Great

Britain.

502

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part XI.

— cont.

1 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 28.

Power of

companies

incorporated in

British

possessions

to hold

lands.

Return to

be delivered

to registrar

where

documents,

&c. altered.

(3) Companies to which this Part of this Act applies,

other than the companies mentioned in subsections (1)

and (2) of this section, shall, if at the commencement of this Act they have not delivered to the registrar the

documents and particulars specified in paragraphs (a),

(b) and { c) of subsection (1) of section two hundred and

seventy-four of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908,

as amended by the Companies (Particulars as to

Directors) Act, 1917, continue subject to the obligation

to deliver those documents and particulars in accordance

with the said Acts.

345. A company incorporated in a British possession which has delivered to the registrar of companies—

(1) in the case of a company to which subsection (1)

or subsection (2) of the last foregoing section

applies, the documents and particulars specified

in paragraphs (a), (6) and (c) of subsection (1)

of that section;

(2) in the case of any other company to which this

Part of this Act applies, the documents and

particulars specified in paragraphs (a), (b)and (c)

of subsection (1) of section two hundred and

seventy-four of the Companies (Consolidation)

Act, 1908, as amended by the Companies

(Particulars as to Directors) Act, 1917;

shall have the same power to hold lands in the United

Kingdom as if it were a company incorporated under

this Act:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the

power of a company to hold lands by virtue of registration

in Northern Ireland.

346. If in the case of any company to which this

Part of this Act applies any alteration is made in—

(1) the charter, statutes, or memorandum and

articles of the company or any such instrument

as aforesaid; or

(2) the directors of the company or the particulars

contained in the list of the directors; or

(3) the names or addresses of the persons authorised

to accept service on behalf of the company;

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

503

the company shall, within the prescribed time, deliver to Part xi -

the registrar for registration a return containing the 00711 '

prescribed particulars of the alteration.

347.—(1) Every company to which this Part of this Balance

Act applies shall in every calendar year make out a slieet of

balance sheet in such form, and containing such parti- com P an y

culars and including such documents, as under the business in

provisions of this Act it would, if it had been a company Great

within the meaning of this Act, have been required to Britain,

make out and lay before the company in general meeting,

and deliver a copy of that balance sheet to the registrar

for registration.

(2) If any such balance sheet is not written in the

English language, there shall be annexed to it a

certified translation thereof.

348. Every company

Act applies shall—

to which this Part of this Obligation

to state

name of

(1) in every prospectus inviting subscriptions for its company,

shares or debentures in Great Britain state h h r

the country in which the company is incor- an

porated; and where incorporated.

(2) conspicuously exhibit on every place where it

carries on business in Great Britain the name

of the company and the country in which the

company is incorporated; and

(3) cause the name of the company and of the

country in which the company is incorporated

to be stated in legible characters in all bill-heads

and letter paper, and in all notices, advertisements, and other official publications of the

company; and

(4) if the liability of the members of the company

is limited, cause notice of that fact to be stated

in legible characters in every such prospectus

as aforesaid and in all bill-heads, letter paper,

notices, advertisements and other official

publications of the company in Great Britain,

and to be affixed on every place where it carries

on its business.

504

Part XI.

— cont.

Service on

company to

which Part

XI applies.

Office where

documents

to be filed.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

349. Any process or notice required to be served on

a company to which this Part of this Act applies shall

be sufficiently served if addressed to any person whose

name has been delivered to the registrar under this Part

of this Act and left at or sent by post to the address

which has been so delivered:

Provided that—

(1) where any such company makes default in

delivering to the registrar the name and address

of a person resident in Great Britain who is

authorised to accept on behalf of the company

service of process or notices; or

(2) if at any tim all the persons whose names and

addresses have been so delivered are dead or

have ceased so to reside, or refuse to accept

service on behalf of the company, or for any

reason cannot be served;

a document may be served on the company by leaving it

at or sending it by post to any place of business established

by the company in Great Britain.

350. —(1) Any document, which any company to

which this Part of this Act applies is required to deliver to

the registrar of companies, shall be delivered to the registrar at the registration office in England or Scotland

according as the company has established a place of

business in England or Scotland, and if it has established

or establishes a place of business both in England and

in Scotland, the document shall be delivered at the registration office both in England and in Scotland, and references

to the registrar of companies in this Part of this Act

shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that nothing in this Part of this Act shall

operate to require any document to be delivered at any

registration office if it has been delivered at that office

before the commencement of this Act.

(2) If any company to which this Part of this Act applies ceases to have a place of business in either

part of Great Britain, it shall forthwith give notice of the fact to the registrar of companies for that part,

and as from the date on which notice is so given the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

505

obligation of the company to deliver any document to

the registrar shall cease.

351. If any company to which this Part of this Act

applies fails to comply with any of the foregoing provisions

of this Part of this Act the company, and every officer or

agent of the company, shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or, in the case of a continuing

offence, five pounds for every day during which the

default continues.

352. For the purposes of this Part of this Act:—

The expression "certified" means certified in the

prescribed manner to be a true copy or a correct

translation;

The expression "director " in relation to a company includes any person in accordance with

whose directions or instructions the directors

of the company are accustomed to act;

The expression "place of business " includes a

share transfer or share registration office;

The expression "prospectus " has the same meaning as when used in relation to a company

incorporated under this Act.

Special Provisions as to Companies incorporated in

Channel Islands or Isle of Man.

353. Where a company incorporated in the Channel

Islands or the Isle of Man—

(1) after the commencement of this Act establishes

a place of business in England or Scotland; or

(2) has before the commencement of this Act

established and at the commencement of this Act continues to have a place of business in

England or Scotland;

all the provisions of this Act requiring documents to

be forwarded or delivered to, or filed with, the registrar of

companies (other than provisions requiring the payment

of a fee in respect of the registration of a company) shall

apply to the company in like manner as if it were a

Part XI,

— cont.

Penalties.

Interpretation of

Part XI.

Obligation

of company

incorporated

in Channel

Islands or

Isle of Man

to deliver

documents

to registrar.

506

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part XI.

— cont.

Provisions

with respect

to prospectuses of

foreign

companies

inviting

subscriptions for

shares or

offering

shares for

sale.

company registered in England or Scotland, as the case

may be, and if the company establishes places of business

both in England and in Scotland the said provisions

shall so apply as if the company were registered both

in England and in Scotland:

Provided that, in the case of a company which has

established a place of business before the commencement

of this Act, the time within which documents must be

forwarded or delivered to, or filed with, the registrar

shall run from the commencement of this Act.

Part XII.

Restrictions on Sale oe Shares and

Offers of Shares for Sale.

354.—(1) It shall not be lawful for any person—

(a) to issue, circulate or distribute in Great

Britain any prospectus offering for subscription shares in or debentures of a company

incorporated or to be incorporated outside

Great Britain, whether the company has or

has not established, or when formed will or

will not establish, a place of business in

Great Britain, unless—

(i) before the issue, circulation or distribution of the prospectus in Great Britain

a copy thereof, certified by the chairman

and two other directors of the company as

having been approved by resolution of the

managing body, has been delivered for registration to the registrar of companies;

(ii) the prospectus states on the face of

it that the copy has been so delivered;

(iii) the prospectus is dated;

(iv) the prospectus otherwise complies

with this Part of this Act; or

(b) to issue to any person in Great Britain a form

of application for shares in or debentures of

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

507

such a company or intended company as Part XII.

aforesaid, unless the form is issued with a —cont.

prospectus which complies with this Part of this Act:

Provided that this provision shall not

apply if it is shown that the form of application was issued hi connection with a bona

fide invitation to a person to enter into an

underwriting agreement with respect to the

shares or debentures.

(2) This section shall not apply to the issue to

existing members or debenture holders of a company of

a prospectus or form of application relating to shares in

or debentures of the company, whether an applicant for

shares or debentures will or will not have the right to

renounce in favour of other persons, but, subject as

aforesaid, this section shall apply to a prospectus or form

of application whether issued on or with reference to the

formation of a company or subsequently.

(3) Where any document by which any shares in

or debentures of a company incorporated outside

Great Britain are offered for sale to the public would,

if the company concerned had been a company within

the meaning of this Act, have been deemed by virtue

of section thirty-eight of this Act to be a prospectus issued

by the company, that document shall be deemed to be,

for the purposes of this section, a prospectus issued by

the company.

(4) An offer of shares or debentures for subscription

or sale to any person whose ordinary business or part of

whose ordinary business it is to buy or sell shares or

debentures, whether as principal or agent, shall not be

deemed an offer to the public for the purposes of this

section.

(5) Section thirty-seven of this Act shall extend to

every prospectus to which this section applies.

(6) Any person who is knowingly responsible for

the issue, circulation or distribution of any prospectus,

or for the issue of a form of application for shares or

debentures, in contravention of the provisions of this

508

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part XII.

— cont.

Requirements as to

prospectus.

section shall be liable to a fi ne not exceeding five

hundred pounds.

(7) In this and the next following section the

expressions " prospectus, " " shares, " and " debentures "

have the same meanings as when used in relation to a

company incorporated under this Act.

355.—(1) In order to comply with this Part of this Act a prospectus in addition to complying with the provisions of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (a)

of subsection (1) of the last foregoing section must—

(a) contain particulars with respect to the following

matters—

(i) the objects of the company;

(ii) the instrument constituting or defining

the constitution of the company;

(iii) the enactments, or provisions having

the force of an enactment, by or under

which the incorporation of the company was

effected;

(iv) an address in Great Britain where the

said instrument, enactments or provisions, or

copies thereof, and if the same are in a

foreign language a translation thereof certified

in the prescribed manner, can be inspected;

(v) the date on which and the country in

which the company was incorporated;

(vi) whether the company has established

a place of business in Great Britain, and, if

so, the address of its principal office in Great

Britain:

Provided that the provisions of sub-paragraphs

(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph shall not

apply in the case of a prospectus issued more

than two years after the date at which the

company is entitled to commence business.

(b) subject to the provisions of this section, state

the matters specified in Part I of the Fourth

Schedule to this Act (other than those specified

in paragraph 1 of the said Part I) and set out

the reports specified in Part II of that Schedule

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

509

subject always to the provisions contained in

Part III of the said Schedule:

Provided that—

(i) where any prospectus is published as a newspaper advertisement, it shall be a sufficient

compliance with the requirement that the

prospectus must specify the objects of the

company if the advertisement specifies the

primary object with which the company was

formed; and

(ii) in paragraph 3 of Part I of the said Fourth

Schedule a reference to the constitution of the company shall be substituted for the

reference to the articles; and

(iii) paragraph 1 of Part III of that Schedule

shall have effect as if the reference to the

memorandum were omitted therefrom.

(2) Any condition requiring or binding any applicant

for shares or debentures to waive compliance with any

requirement of this section, or purporting to affect him

with notice of any contract, document, or matter not

specifically referred to in the prospectus, shall be void.

(3) In the event of non-compliance with or contravention of any of the requirements of this section, a

director or other person responsible for the prospectus

shall not incur any liability by reason of the non-

compliance or contravention, if—-

(a) as regards any matter not disclosed, he proves

that he was not cognisant thereof; or

(b) he proves that the non-compliance or contravention arose from an honest mistake of fact on

his part; or

(c) the non-compliance or contravention was in

respect of matters which, in the opinion of the

court dealing with the case, were immaterial or

were otherwise such as ought, in the opinion of

that court, having regard to all the circumstances

of the case, reasonably to be excused:

Provided that, in the event of failure to include in a

prospectus a statement with respect to the matters

contained in paragraph 15 of Part I of the Fourth

Schedule to this Act, no director or other person shall

Part XII.

— cont.

510

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. o.

Part XII.

— cont.

Restrictions

on offering

of shares

for subscription

or sale.

incur any liability in respect of the failure unless it

be proved that he had knowledge of the matters not

disclosed.

(4) Nothing in this section shall limit or diminish

any liability which any person may incur under the

general law or this Act, apart from this section.

356.—(1) It shall not be lawful for any person to

go from house to house offering shares for subscription

or purchase to the public or any member of the public.

In this subsection the expression "house " shall not

include an office used for business purposes.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided in this subsection,

it shall not be lawful to make an offer in writing to any

member of the public (not being a person whose ordinary

business or part of whose ordinary business it is to buy or

sell shares, whether as principal or agent) of any shares

for purchase, unless the offer is accompanied by a

statement in writing (which must be signed by the person

making the offer and dated) containing such particulars

as are required by this section to be included therein and

otherwise complying with the requirements of this section,

or, in the case of shares in a company incorporated outside

Great Britain, either by such a statement as aforesaid,

or by such a prospectus as complies with this Part of this Act:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall

not apply—

(a) where the shares to which the offer relates are

shares which are quoted on, or in respect of

which permission to deal has been granted by,

any recognised stock exchange in Great Britain

and the offer so states and specifies the stock

exchange; or

(b) where the shares to which the offer relates are

shares which a company has allotted or agreed

to allot with a view to their being offered for

sale to the public; or

(c) w T here the offer was made only to persons with

whom the person making the offer has been in

the habit of doing regular business hi the

purchase or sale of shares.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

511

(3) The written statement aforesaid shall not contain any matter other than the particulars required by

this section to be included therein, and shall not be in

characters less large or less legible than any characters

used in the offer or in any document sent therewith.

(4) The said statement shall contain particulars

with respect to the following matters—

(a) whether the person making the offer is acting as

principal or agent, and if as agent the name of

his principal and an address in Great Britain

where that principal can be served with process;

(b) the date on which and the country in which the

company was incorporated and the address of

its registered or principal office in Great

Britain;

(c) the authorised share capital of the company

and the amount thereof which has been issued,

the classes into which it is divided and the

rights of each class of shareholders in respect

of capital, dividends and voting;

(d) the dividends, if any, paid by the company on

each class of shares during each of the three

financial years immediately preceding the offer,

and if no dividend has been paid in respect

of shares of any particular class during any of

those years, a statement to that effect;

(e) the total amount of any debentures issued by

the company and outstanding at the date of the statement, together with the rate of interest

payable thereon;

(f) the names and addresses of the directors of the

company;

(g) whether or not the shares offered are fully paid

up, and, if not, to what extent they are paid up;

(h) whether or not the shares are quoted on, or

permission to deal therein has been granted

by, any recognised stock exchange in Great

Britain or elsewhere, and, if so, which, and, if

not, a statement that they are not so quoted or

that no such permission has been granted;

(i) where the offer relates to units, particulars of the name and addresses of the persons in

Part XII.

— cont.

512

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part XII.

■— cont.

whom the shares represented by the units are

vested, the date of and the parties to any document defining the terms on which those shares

are held, and an address in Great Britain where

that document or a copy thereof can be

inspected.

In this subsection the expression "company " means

the company by which the shares to which the statement

relates were or are to be issued.

(5) If any person acts, or incites, causes or procures

any person to act, in contravention of this section, he

shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

six months or to a fine not exceeding two hundred

pounds or to both such imprisonment and fine, and in

the case of a second or subsequent offence to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months or to a fine

not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such

imprisonment and fine.

(6) Where a person convicted of an offence under

this section is a company (whether a company within

the meaning of this Act or not), every director and every

officer concerned in the management of the company

shall be guilty of the like offence unless he proves that

the act constituting the offence took place without his

knowledge or consent.

(7) In this section, unless the context otherwise

requires, the expression "shares" means the shares of

a company, whether a company within the meaning of this Act or not, and includes debentures and units,

and the expression "unit" means any right or interest

(by whatever name called) in a share, and for the

purposes of this section a person shall not in relation

to a company be regarded as not being a member of the public by reason only that he is a holder of shares

in the company or a purchaser of goods from the

company.

(8) Where any person is convicted in England of

having made an offer in contravention of the provisions

of this section, the court before which he is convicted

may order that any contract made as a result of the

offer shall be void, and, where it makes any such order,

may give such consequential directions as it thinks

proper for the repayment of any money or the retransfer

of any shares

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

513

Where the court makes an order under this subsection (whether with or without consequential directions)

an appeal against the order and the consequential

directions, if any, shall lie to the High Court.

Part XIII.

Miscellaneous.

Prohibition of Partnerships with more than Twenty

Members.

357. No company, association, or partnership consisting of more than twenty persons shall be formed

for the purpose of carrying on any business (other

than the business of banking) that has for its object the

acquisition of gain by the company, association, or

partnership, or by the individual members thereof, unless

it is registered as a company under this Act, or is

formed in pursuance of some other Act of Parliament,

or of letters patent, or is a company engaged in working

mines within the stannaries and subject to the jurisdiction of the court exercising the stannaries jurisdiction.

Provisions relating to Banks.

358. No company, association, or partnership

consisting of more than ten persons shall be formed

for the purpose of carrying on the business of banking,

unless it is registered as a company under this Act,

or is formed in pursuance of some other Act of Parliament,

or of letters patent.

359. —(1) Where a banking company which was in

existence on the seventh day of August, eighteen hundred

and sixty-two, proposes to register as a limited company,

it shall, at least thirty days before so registering, give

notice of its intention so to register to every person who

has a banking account with the company, either by

delivery of the notice to him, or by posting it to him at,

or delivering it at, his last known address.

(2) If the company omits to give the notice required

by this section, then, as between the company and the

person for the time being interested in the account in

respect of which the notice ought to have been given,

Ivk

Part XII.

— cont.

Prohibition

of partnerships with

more than

twenty

members.

Prohibition of

banking

partnerships

with more

than ten

members.

On registration of

banking

company

with limited

liability,

notice to be

given to

customers.

514

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part XIII.

— cont.

Liability of

bank of

issue unlimited in

respect of

notes.

Privileges of

banks

making

annual

return.

7 Geo. 4.

c. 46.

7 Geo. 4.

c. 67.

7 & 8 Vict,

c. 32.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 38.

42 & 43

Vict. o. 11.

and so far as respects the account down to the time at

which notice is given, but not further or otherwise, the

certificate of registration with limited liability shall have

no operation.

360. —(1) A bank of issue registered under this Act

as a limited company shall not be entitled to limited

liability in respect of its notes, and the members thereof

shall be liable in respect of its notes in the same manner

as if it had been registered as unlimited:

Provided that, if, in the event of the company being

wound up, the general assets are insufficient to satisfy the

claims of both the note-holders and the general creditors,

then the members, after satisfying the remaining demands

of the note-holders, shall be liable to contribute towards

payment of the debts of the general creditors a sum

equal to the amount received by the note-holders out

of the general assets.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" the general assets" means the funds available for

payment of the general creditor as well as the note-holder.

(3) Any bank of issue registered under this Act as a

limited company may state on its notes that the limited

liability does not extend to its notes, and that the members

of the company are liable in respect of its notes in the

same manner as if it had been registered as an unlimited

company.

361. —(1) Where a company carrying on the

business of bankers has duly forwarded to the registrar

of companies the annual return required by section one

hundred and eight of this Act and has added thereto

a statement of the names of the several places where

it carries on business, the company—

(a) shall not be required to furnish to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue any returns under

the provisions of the Country Bankers Act, 1826,

the Bankers (Scotland) Act, 1826, section twenty-

one of the Bank Charter Act, 1844, or section

thirteen of the Bank Notes (Scotland) Act 1845;

and

(b) shall be deemed to be a " bank" and " bankers "

within the meaning of the Bankers’ Books Evidence Act, 1879.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

515

(2) The fact of the said annual return and statement

having been duly forwarded may be proved in any legal

proceedings by the certificate of the registrar.

Miscellaneous Offences.

362. If any person in any return, report, certificate,

balance sheet, or other document, required by or for the

purposes of any of the provisions of this Act specified in

the Eleventh Schedule hereto, wilfully makes a statement

false in any material particular, knowing it to be false,

he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be liable

on conviction in Scotland on indictment to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years, with or without

hard labour, and be liable on summary conviction in

England or Scotland to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding four months, with or without hard labour,

and in either case to a fine in lieu of or in addition to

such imprisonment as aforesaid:

Provided that—

(a) the fine imposed on summary conviction shall

not exceed one hundred pounds;

(b) nothing in this section shall affect the provisions of the Perjury Act, 1911.

363. If in Scotland any person, on examination on

oath authorised under this Act or in any affidavit or

deposition in or about the winding up of any company

or otherwise in or about any matter arising under this Act, wilfully and corruptly gives false evidence, he

shall be liable to the penalties for wilful perjury.

364. If any person or persons trade or carry on

business under any name or title of which " Limited, "

or any contraction or imitation of that word, is the

last word, that person or those persons shall, unless

duly incorporated with limited liability, be liable to a

fine not exceeding five pounds for every day upon which

that name or title has been used.

General Provisions as to Offences.

365.—(1) Where by any enactment in this Act it is

provided that a company and every officer of the company

who is in default shall be liable to a default fine, the

Part XIII.

— cont.

Penalty for

false statement.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 6.

Penalty on

perjury in

Scotland.

Penalty for

improper

use of word

" Limited."

Provision

with respect

to default

fines and

516

Part XIII.

— cont.

meaning of

" officer in

default."

Prosecution of

offences punishable by fine.

Application

of fines.

Saving as

to private

prosecutors.

Saving for

privileged

communications.

Service of

documents

on company.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

company and every such officer shall, for every day during

which the default, refusal or contravention continues, be

liable to a fine not exceeding such amount as is specified

in the said enactment, or, if the amount of the fine is

not so specified, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) For the purpose of any enactment in this Act

which provides that an officer of a company who is in

default shall be liable to a fine or penalty, the expression

" officer who is in default" means any director, manager,

secretary or other officer of the company, who knowingly

and wilfully authorises or permits the default, refusal or

contravention mentioned in the enactment.

.366. All offences under this Act made punishable by any fine may be prosecuted under the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts.

367. The court imposing any fine under this Act

may direct that the whole or any part thereof shall be

applied in or towards payment of the costs of the proceedings, or in or towards the rewarding the person on whose

information or at whose suit the fine is recovered, and

subject to any such direction all fines under this Act

shall, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be

paid into the Exchequer.

368. Nothing in this Act relating to the institution

of criminal proceedings by the Director of Public Prosecutions shall be taken to preclude any person from

instituting or carrying on any such proceedings.

369. Where proceedings are instituted under this Act against any person by the Director of Public

Prosecutions or by or on behalf of the Lord Advocate,

nothing in this Act shall be taken to require any person

who has acted as solicitor for the defendant to disclose

any privileged communication made to him in that

capacity.

Service of Documents and Legal Proceedings.

370.—(1) A document may be served on a company by leaving it at or sending it by post to the

registered office of the company.

(2) Where a company registered in Scotland carries

on business in England, the process of any court in

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

517

England may be served on the company by leaving it Part XIII.

at or sending it by post to the principal place of — cont.

business of the company in England, addressed to the

manager or other head officer in England of the company.

(3) Where process is served on a company under

subsection (2) of this section, the person issuing out the

process shall send a copy thereof by post to the

registered office of the company.

371. Where a limited company is plaintiff or Costs in

pursuer in any action or other legal proceeding, any actions by

judge having jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears certain

by credible testimony that there is reason to believe that .

the company will be unable to pay the costs of the com P ames -

defendant if successful in his defence, require sufficient

security to be given for those costs, and may stay all

proceedings until the security is given.

372. —(1) If in any proceeding for negligence, p OW erof

default, breach of duty, or breach of trust against a court to

person to whom this section applies it appears to the grant relief

court hearing the case that that person is or may be m certain

liable in respect of the negligence, default, breach of

duty or breach of trust, but that he has acted honestly

and reasonably, and that, having regard to all the

circumstances of the case, including those connected

with his appointment, he ought fairly to be excused for

the negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of

trust, that court may relieve him, either wholly or

partly, from his liability on such terms as the court may

think fit.

(2) Where any person to whom this section applies

has reason to apprehend that any claim will or might

be made against him in respect of any negligence,

default, breach of duty or breach of trust, he may apply

to the court for relief, and the court on any such application shall have the same power to relieve him as under

this section it would have had if it had been a court

before which proceedings against that person for negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust had

been brought.

(3) Where any case to which subsection (1) of this

section applies is being tried by a judge with a jury,

518

Ch. 23 *

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5,

Part XIII.

— cont.

Power to

enforce

orders.

Rules of

procedure

in Scotland.

J uria-

diction of

stannaries

court.

the judge, after hearing the evidence, may, if he is

satisfied that the defendant ought in pursuance of that

subsection to be relieved either in whole or in part from

the liability sought to be enforced against him, withdraw

the case in whole or in part from the jury and forthwith

direct judgment to be entered for the defendant on such

terms as to costs or otherwise as the judge may think

proper.

(4) The persons to whom this section applies are

the following :—

(a) directors of a company:

(b) managers of a company:

(c) officers of a company:

(d) persons employed by a company as auditors,

whether they are or are not officers of the

company.

373. Orders made by the High Court under this Act may be enforced in the same manner as orders

made in an action pending therein.

374. —(1) The Court of Session may, by Act of

Sederunt, make rules regulating the procedure in proceedings under this Act in the Court of Session or in a

sheriff court, including appeals from the sheriff court.

(2) The power to make rules under this section includes power to make rules with respect to costs and fees.

375. —(1) In the case of a company subject to the

stannaries jurisdiction, the court exercising the stannaries

jurisdiction shall have and exercise the like jurisdiction

and powers, as well on the common law as on the equity

side thereof, as the Court of the Vice-Warden of the

stannaries possessed before the commencement of the

Stannaries Court (Abolition) Act, 1896, by custom,

usage, or statute in the case of unincorporated companies, but only so far as is consistent with the provisions

of this Act and with the constitution of companies as

prescribed or required by this Act.

(2) For the purpose of giving fuller effect to that

jurisdiction, all process issuing out of the said court, and

all orders, rules, demands, notices, warrants, and summonses required or authorised by the practice of the

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

court to be served on any company, whether registered

or not registered, or on any member or contributory

thereof, or on any officer, agent, director, manager, or

servant thereof, may be served in any part of England

without any special order of the judge for that purpose,

or by such special order may be served in any part of the British Islands other than the Irish Free State, on

such terms and conditions as the court may think fit:

Provided that no such service of process out of the

limits of the stannaries in any suit or plaint on the

common law side of the court shall be effected without

the special order of the judge made on a statement of the nature and object of the suit or plaint.

(3) All decrees, orders, and judgments of the said

court may be enforced in the same manner in which

decrees, orders, and judgments of the Court of the Vice-

Warden of the stannaries could before its abolition have

been by law enforced, whether within or beyond the

stannaries.

General Provisions as to Board of Trade.

376. The Board of Trade shall cause a general

annual report of matters within this Act to be prepared

and laid before both Houses of Parliament.

377. Any approval, sanction, or licence, or revocation of licence, which under this Act may be given or

made by the Board of Trade may be under the hand of

a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or of

any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board.

378. —(1) All documents purporting to be orders

or certificates made or issued by the Board of Trade for

the purposes of this Act and to be sealed with the seal

of the Board, or to be signed by a secretary or assistant

secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that

behalf by the President of the Board, shall be received

in evidence and deemed to be such orders or certificates

without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(2) A certificate signed by the President of the

Board of Trade that any order made, certificate issued,

or act done, is the order, certificate, or act of the Board,

shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

519

Part XIII.

— cont.

Annual report

by Board of

Trade.

Authentication of documents

issued by

Board of

Trade,

Orders and

certificates

of Board to

be evidence.

520

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part XIII.

— ront.

Power to

alter tables

and forms.

Interpretation.

19 & 20 Vict.

C, 47.

379.—(1) The Board of Trade may alter Table A,

the form in the Seventh Schedule and the table of fees

in the Tenth Schedule to this Act, so that it does not

increase the amount of fees payable to the registrar

under the said Tenth Schedule, and may alter or add

to Tables B, C, D and E in the First Schedule, and

the forms in the Second and Sixth Schedules to this Act.

(2) Any such table or form, when altered, shall be

published in the London Gazette, and thenceforth shall

have the same force as if it were included in one of the

Schedules to this Act, but no alteration made by the

Board of Trade in Table A shall affect any company

registered before the alteration, or repeal, as respects

that company, any portion of that Table.

Interpretation.

380.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby assigned to them (that is to say):—

" Annual return" means the return required to be

made, in the case of a company having a share

capital, under section one hundred and eight,

and, in the case of a company not having

a share capital, under section one hundred and

nine, of this Act;

" Articles" means the articles of association of a

company, as originally framed or as altered by

special resolution, including, so far as they

apply to the company, the regulations contained

(as the case may be) in Table B in the Schedule

annexed to the Joint Stock Companies Act,

1856, or in Table A in the First Schedule annexed

to the Companies Act, 1862, or in that Table as

altered in pursuance of section seventy-one of the last-mentioned Act, or in Table A in the

First Schedule to the Companies (Consolidation)

Act, 1908, or in that Table as altered in pursuance of section one hundred and eighteen of the

last mentioned Act, or in Table A in the First

Schedule to this Act;

" Book and paper " and " book or paper " include

accounts, deeds, writings, and documents;

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

521

" Company" means a company formed and registered under this Act or an existing company;

" Existing company" means a company formed and

registered under the Joint Stock Companies

Acts, the Companies Act, 1862, or the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, but does not

include a company registered under the said

enactments in Northern Ireland or the Irish

Free State;

" Company within the stannaries" means a company

engaged in or formed for working mines within

the stannaries;

" The court " used in relation to a company means

the court having jurisdiction to wind up the

company;

" The court exercising the stannaries jurisdiction "

used in relation to any proceedings means the

county court in which the jurisdiction formerly

exercised by the court of the vice-warden of the

stannaries in respect of those proceedings is for

the time being vested;

" Debenture " includes debenture stock, bonds and

any other securities of a company whether

constituting a charge on the assets of the company or not;

" Director " includes any person occupying the

position of director by whatever name called;

" Document " includes summons, notice, order, and

other legal process, and registers;

" The Gazette " means, as respects companies

registered in England, the London Gazette and

as respects companies registered in Scotland,

the Edinburgh Gazette;

‘ General rules" means general rules made under

section three hundred and five of this Act, and

includes forms;

Joint Stock Companies Acts" means the Joint

Stock Companies Act, 1856, the Joint Stock

Companies Acts, 1856, 1857, the Joint Stock

Banking Companies Act, 1857, and the Act to

enable Joint Stock Banking Companies to be

formed on the principle of limited liability, or

Part XIII.

— cord.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 14.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 49.

21 & 22 Vict,

c. 91.

522

PabtXIII.

— ccmt.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

any one or more of those Acts, as the case may

require; but does not include the Act passed in

the eighth year of the reign of Her Majesty

Queen Victoria, chapter one hundred and ten,

intituled An Act for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock

Companies;

" Memorandum" means the memorandum of

association of a company, as originally framed

or as altered in pursuance of any enactment;

" Prescribed" means as respects the provisions of this Act relating to the winding-up of companies,

prescribed by general rules, and as respects

the other provisions of this Act, prescribed by

the Board of Trade;

" Prospectus" means any prospectus, notice, circular,

advertisement, or other invitation, offering to

the public for subscription or purchase any

shares or debentures of a company;

" Real and personal, " as respects Scotland, means

heritable and moveable;

" The registrar of companies, " or, when used in

relation to registration of companies, " the

registrar," means the registrar or other officer

performing under this Act the duty of registration of companies in England or Scotland,

or in the stannaries, as the case requires;

" Share" means share in the share capital of a

company, and includes stock except where a

distinction between stock and shares is expressed

or implied;

" Table A" means Table A in the First Schedule to

this Act.

(2) A person shall not be deemed to be within the

meaning of any provision in this Act a person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors

of a company are accustomed to act, by reason only

that the directors of the company act on advice given

by him in a professional capacity.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

523

Repeal, Savings, Extent, Short Title and Commencement.

381.—(1) The enactments mentioned in the First

Part of the Twelfth Schedule to this Act are hereby

repealed to the extent specified in the third column of

that Part.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section

thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889—

(a) nothing in this repeal shall affect any Order in

Council, order, rule, regulation, scale of fees,

appointment, conveyance, mortgage, deed or

agreement made, resolution passed, direction

given, proceeding taken, instrument issued or

thing done under any former enactment relating

to companies, but any such Order in Council,

order, rule, regulation, scale of fees, appointment, conveyance, mortgage, deed, agreement,

resolution, direction, proceeding, instrument or

thing shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force, and so far as it

could have been made, passed, given, taken,

issued or done under this Act shall have effect

as if made, passed, given, taken, issued or done

under tins Act:

Provided that any rule made under section

two hundred and thirty-eight of the Companies

(Consolidation) Act, 1908, shall be deemed to

have been made, in the case of a rule made

with respect to fees in the High Court under

section two hundred and thirteen of the

Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation)

Act, 1925, and with respect to any other

matter in the High Court under section ninety-

nine of that Act, and, in the case of a rule

made with respect to proceedings in the court

exercising the stannaries jurisdiction, under

section one hundred and sixty-four of the

County Courts Act, 1888;

(b) any document referring to any former enactment relating to companies shall be construed

as referring to the corresponding enactment of this Act;

Part XIII.

— cont.

Repeal.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 63.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

524

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Part XIIL

— cont.

Savings.

(c) any person appointed to any office under or by

virtue of any former enactment relating to companies shall be deemed to have been appointed

to that office under or by virtue of this Act;

(d) any register kept under any former enactment

relating to companies shall be deemed part of the register to be kept under the corresponding

provisions of this Act;

(e) all funds and accounts constituted under this Act shall be deemed to be in continuation of the corresponding funds and accounts constituted under the former enactments relating to

companies.

(3) In this section the expression "former enactment relating to companies" means any enactment

repealed by this Act and any enactment repealed by

the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908.

382. Nothing in this Act shall affect—

(1) The incorporation of any company registered

under any enactment hereby repealed;

(2) Table B in the schedule annexed to the Joint

Stock Companies Act, 1856, or any part

thereof, so far as the same applies to any

company existing at the commencement of this Act;

(3) Table A in the First Schedule annexed to the

Companies Act, 1862, or any part thereof,

either as originally contained in that schedule

or as altered in pursuance of section seventy-

one of that Act, so far as the same applies to

any company existing at the commencement

of this Act;

(4) Table A in the First Schedule to the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, or any part

thereof, either as originally contained in that

Schedule or as altered in pursuance of section

one hundred and eighteen of that Act, so far

as the same applies to any company existing

at the commencement of this Act;

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

525

(5) The enactments set out in the second Part Part XIII.

of the Twelfth Schedule to this Act, being —cont.

the enactments continued in force by section

two hundred and five of the Companies Act,

1862;

(6) The power of a company to alter its memorandum under the provisions of section three

of the Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865;

(7) The provisions of section five of the Trade

Union Act, 1871:

Provided that the reference in that section

to the Companies Acts, 1862 and 1867, shall

be read as a reference to this Act.

28 & 29

Vict. c. 78.

34 & 35

Vict. c. 31.

383. The provisions of this Act with respect to Saving of

winding up shall not apply to any company of which the pending

winding up has commenced before the commencement of this Act, but every such company shall be wound up in u °p wm g

the same manner and with the same incidents as if

this Act had not passed, and, for the purposes of the

winding up, the Act or Acts under which the winding up

commenced shall be deemed to remain in full force.

384. —(1) Nothing in this Act, except the pro- Application

visions thereof which relate expressly to companies to Ireland,

registered or incorporated in Northern Ireland or outside

Great Britain, shall apply to or in relation to companies

registered or incorporated in Northern Ireland.

(2) Nothing in this Act, except where it is expressly

provided to the contrary, shall affect the law in force in

Northern Ireland at the commencement of this Act.

385.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Com- Short title

panies Act, 1929. and commencement.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day on which, by virtue of Orders made by His Majesty

in Council under subsection (4) of section one hundred

and eighteen of the Companies Act, 1928, all the pro- 8 & 19

visions of that Act will be in operation. e0 ‘ 5 ' c ‘ 4o '

526

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Sections 8,

115, 333 ,

379, 380 .

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Table A.

Regulations for Management of a Company limited

by Shares.

Preliminary.

1. In these regulations :—

" The Act" means the Companies Act, 1929.

When any provision of the Act is referred to, the reference

is to that provision as modified by any statute for

the time being in force.

Unless the context otherwise requires, expressions defined

in the Act or any statutory modification thereof in

force at the date at which these regulations become

binding on the company, shall have the meanings

so defined.

Shares.

2. Subject to the provisions, if any, in that behalf of the

memorandum of association, and without prejudice to any special

rights previously conferred on the holders of existing shares,

any share may be issued with such preferred, deferred, or other

special rights, or such restrictions, whether in regard to dividend,

voting, return of share capital, or otherwise, as the company

may from time to time by special resolution determine, and

any preference share may, with the sanction of a special resolution,

be issued on the terms that it is, or at the option of the

company is liable, to be redeemed.

3. If at any time the share capital is divided into different

classes of shares, the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class)

may be varied v ith the consent in writing of the holders of three-

fourths of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction

of an extraordinary resolution passed at a separate general

meeting of the holders of the shares of the class. To every

such separate general meeting the provisions of these regulations

relating to general meetings shall mutatis mutandis apply, but

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

527

so that the necessary quorum shall be two persons at least holding

or representing by proxy one-third of the issued shares of the.

class and that any holder of shares of the class present in person

or by proxy may demand a poll.

4. Every person whose name is entered as a member in

the register of members shall, without payment, be entitled

to a certificate under the seal of the company specifying

the share or shares held by him and the amount paid up thereon,

provided that in respect of a share or shares held jointly by

several persons the company shall not be bound to issue more

than one certificate, and delivery of a certificate for a share to

one of several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all.

5. If a share certificate is defaced, lost, or destroyed, it

may be renewed on payment of such fee, if any, not exceeding

one shilling, and on such terms, if any, as to evidence and

indemnity, as the directors think fit.

6. No part of the funds of the company shall directly or

indirectly be employed in the purchase of, or in loans upon the

security of, the company’s shares, but nothing in this regulation

shall prohibit transactions mentioned in the proviso to section 45

(1) of the Act.

Lien.

7. The company shall have a lien on every share (not being

a fully paid share) for all moneys (whether presently payable or

not) called or payable at a fixed time in respect of that share, and

the company shall also have a lien on all shares (other than fully

paid shares) standing registered in the name of a single person

for all moneys presently payable by him or his estate to the

company; but the directors may at any time declare any share

to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this regulation. The company’s lien, if any, on a share shall extend to all

dividends payable thereon.

8. The company may sell, in such manner as the directors

think fit, any shares on which the company has a lien, but no sale

shall be made unless some sum in respect of which the hen exists

is presently payable, nor until the expiration of fourteen days

after a notice in writing, stating and demanding payment of

such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is

presently payable, has been given to the registered holder for the

time being of the share, or the person entitled thereto by reason

of his death or bankruptcy.

9. For giving effect to any such sale the directors may

authorise some person to transfer the shares sold to the purchaser

1st Sch.

Table A.

— corn.

528

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cont.

thereof. The purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the

shares comprised in any such transfer and he shall not be bound

to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his

title to the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in

the proceedings in reference to the sale.

10. The proceeds of the sale shall be received by the company

and applied in payment of such, part of the amount in respect

of which the lien exists as is presently payable, and the residue

shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as

existed upon the shares prior to the sale) be paid to the person

entitled to the shares at the date of the sale.

Calls on Shares.

11. The directors may from time to time make calls upon

the members in respect of any moneys unpaid on their shares

provided that no call shall exceed one-fourth of the nominal

amount of the share, or be payable at less than one month from

the last call; and each member shall (subject to receiving at least

fourteen days’ notice specifying the time or times of payment)

pay to the company at the time or times so specified the amount

called on his shares.

12. The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally

liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

13. If a sum called in respect of a share is not paid before or

on the day appointed for payment thereof, the person from whom

the sum is due shall pay interest upon the sum at the rate of five

pounds per centum per annum from the day appointed for the

payment thereof to the time of the actual payment, but the

directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of that interest

wholly or in part.

14. The provisions of these regulations as to the liability of

joint holders and as to payment of interest shall apply in the case

of non-payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a

share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account of the amount of the share, or by way of premium, as if the same had

become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.

15. The directors may make arrangements on the issue

of bhares for a difference between the holders in the amount

of calls to be paid and in the times of payment.

16. The directors may, if they think fit, receive from any

member willing to advance the same all or any part of the moneys

uncalled and unpaid upon any shares held by him; and upon

all or any of the moneys so advanced may (until the same would,

but for such advance, become presently payable) pay interest

at such rate (not exceeding, without the sanction of the company

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

529

in general meeting, six per cent.) as may be agreed upon between

the member paying the sum in advance and the directors.

Transfer and Transmission of Shares.

17. The instrument of transfer of any share shall be

executed by or on behalf of the transferor and transferee, and

the transferor shall be deemed to remain a holder of the

share until the name of the transferee is entered in the register

of members in respect thereof.

18. Shares shall be transferred in the following form, or in

any usual or common form which the directors shall approve:

I, A.B., of, in consideration of the

sum of £ paid to me by C.D. of

(herein-after called " the said transferee ")

do hereby transfer to the said transferee the share [or

shares ] numbered in the undertaking called the

Company, Limited, to hold unto

the said transferee, subject to the several conditions on

which I hold the same: and I, the said transferee, do

hereby agree to take the said share [or shares] subject

to the conditions aforesaid. As witness our hands the

day of

Witness to the signatures of, &c.

19. The directors may decline to register any transfer of

shares, not being fully paid shares, to a person of whom they

do not approve, and may also decline to register any transfer

of shares on which the company has a hen. The directors may

also suspend the registration of transfers during the fourteen

days immediately preceding the ordinary general meeting in

each year. The directors may decline to recognise any instrument

of transfer unless—

(a) a fee not exceeding two shillings and sixpence is paid

to the company in respect thereof, and

(h) the instrument of transfer is accompanied by the

certificate of the shares to which it relates, and such

other evidence as the directors may reasonably require

to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer.

If the directors refuse to register a transfer of any shares, they

shall within two months after the date on which the transfer

was lodged with the company send to the transferee notice

of the refusal.

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cant.

530

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cont.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

20. The legal personal representatives of a deceased sole

holder of a share shall be the only persons recognised by the

company as having any title to the share. In the case of a share

registered in the names of two or more holders, the survivors

or survivor, or the legal personal representatives of the deceased

survivor, shall be the only persons recognised by the company

as having any title to the share.

21. Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence

of the death or bankruptcy of a member shall, upon such evidence

being produced as may from time to time be properly required

by the directors, have the right, either to be registered as a

member in respect of the share or, instead of being registered

himself, to make such transfer of the share as the deceased or

bankrupt person could have made; but the directors shall,

in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the

share by the deceased or bankrupt person before the death

or bankruptcy.

22. A person becoming entitled to a share by reason of the

death or bankruptcy of the holder shall be entitled to the same

dividends and other advantages to which he would be entitled

if he were the registered holder of the share, except that he shall

not, before being registered as a member in respect of the share,

be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by

membership in relation to meetings of the company.

Forfeiture of Shares.

23. If a member fails to pay any call or instalment of a call

on the day appointed for payment thereof, the directors may,

at any time thereafter during such time as any part of such call

or instalment remains unpaid, serve a notice on him requiring

payment of so much of the call or instalment as is unpaid, together

with any interest which may have accrued.

24. The notice shall name a further day (not earlier than

the expiration of fourteen days from the date of the notice) on

or before which the payment required by the notice is to be made,

and shall state that in the event of non-payment at or before

the time appointed the shares in respect of which the call was

made will be liable to be forfeited.

25. If the requirements of any such notice as aforesaid

are not complied with, any share in respect of which the notice

has been given may at any time thereafter, before the payment

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

531

required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution

of the directors to that effect.

20. A forfeited share may be sold or otherwise disposed of

on such terms and in such manner as the directors think fit,

and at any time before a sale or disposition the forfeiture may be

cancelled on such terms as the directors think fit.

27. A person whose shares have been forfeited shall oease

to be a member in respect of the forfeited shares, but shall,

notwithstanding, remain liable to pay to the company all moneys

which, at the date of forfeiture, were presently payable by him

to the company in respect of the shares, but his liability shall

cease if and when the company receive payment in full of the

nominal amount of the shares.

28. A statutory declaration in writing that the declarant

is a director of the company, and that a share in the company

has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration, shall

be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all

persons claiming to be entitled to the share. The company

may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on

any sale or disposition thereof and may execute a transfer

of the share in favour of the person to whom the share is sold or

disposed of and he shall thereupon be registered as the holder

of the share, and shall not be bound to see to the application

of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the share be

affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in

reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the share.

29. The provisions of these regulations as to forfeiture shall

apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which, by the terms

of issue of a share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on

account of the amount of the share, or by way of premium, as if

the same had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and

notified.

Conversion of Shares into Stock.

30. The company may by ordinary resolution convert any

paid-up shares into stock, and reconvert any stock into paid-up

shares of any denomination.

31. The holders of stock may transfer the same, or any part

thereof, in the same manner, and subject to the same regulations,

as, and subject to which, the shares from which the stock arose

might previously to conversion have been transferred, or as near

thereto as circumstances admit; but the directors may from

time to time fix the minimum amount of stock transferable, and

restrict or forbid the transfer of fractions of that minimum, but

LI 2

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cont.

532

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sen.

Table A.

—conti

the minimum shall not exceed the nominal amount of the shares

from which the stock arose.

32. The holders of stock shall, according to the amount of the stock held by them, have the same rights, privileges, and

advantages as regards dividends, voting at meetings of the

company, and other matters as if they held the shares from which

the stock arose, but no such privilege or advantage (except

participation in the dividends and profits of the company) shall

be conferred by any such aliquot part of stock as would not, if

existing in shares, have conferred that privilege or advantage.

33. Such of the regulations of the company as are applicable

to paid-up shares shall apply to stock, and the words "share "

and " shareholder " therein shall include " stock " and " stockholder."

Alteration of Capital.

34. The company may from time to time by ordinary

resolution increase the share capital by such sum, to be divided

into shares of such amount, as the resolution shall prescribe.

35. Subject to any direction to the contrary that may be

given by the company in general meeting, all new shares shall,

before issue, be offered to such persons as at the date of the offer

are entitle* 1 to receive notices from the company of general

meetings in proportion, as nearly as the circumstances admit, to

the amount of the existing shares to which they are entitled. The

offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares

offered, and limiting a time within which the offer, if not

accepted, will be deemed to be declined, and after the expiration

of that time, or on the receipt of an intimation from the person

to whom the offer is made that he declines to accept the shares

offered, the directors may dispose of those shares in such maimer

as they think most beneficial to the company. The directors may

likewise so dispose of any new shares which (by reason of the ratio

which the new shares bear to shares held by persons entitled to

an offer of new shares) cannot, in the opinion of the directors, be

conveniently offered under this article.

35. The new shares shall be subject to the same provisions

wiih refer* nee to the payment of calls, lien, transfer, transmission,

forteituie, and otherwise as the shares in the original share

capital.

37. The company may by ordinary resolution—

(a) Consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital

into shares of larger amount than its existing shares;

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

533

(b) Sub-divide its existing shares, or any of them, into

shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the memorandum of association subject, nevertheless, to the

provisions of section 50 (1) (d) of the Act;

(c) Cancel any shares which, at the date of the passing

of the resolution, have not been taken or agreed to

be taken by any person.

38. The company may by special resolution reduce its

share capital and any capital redemption reserve fluid in any

manner and with, and subject to, any incident authorised, and

consent required, by law.

General Meetings.

39. A general meeting shall be held once in every calendar

year at such time (not being more than fifteen months after

the holding of the last preceding general meeting) and place

as may be prescribed by the company in general meeting, or,

in default, at such time in the third month following that in which

the anniversary of the company’s incorporation occurs, and at

such place, as the directors shall appoint. In default of a general

meeting being so held, a general meeting shall be held in the

month next following, and may be convened by any two members

in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which meetings

are to be convened by the directors.

40. The above-mentioned general meetings shall be called

ordinary general meetings; all other general meetings shall be

called extraordinary general meetings.

41. The directors may, whenever they think fit, convene

an extraordinary general meeting, and extraordinary general

meetings shall also be convened on such requisition, or, in default,

may be convened by such requisitionists, as provided by section 114 of the Act. If at any time there are not within the

United Kingdom sufficient directors capable of acting to form

a quorum, any director or any two members of the company

may convene an extraordinary general meeting in the same manner

as nearly as possible as that in which meetings may be convened

by the directors.

Notice of General Meetings.

42. Subject to the provisions of section 117 (2) of the Act

relating to special resolutions, seven days’ notice at the least

(exclusive of the day on which the notice is served or deemed

to be served, but inclusive of the day for which notice is given)

specifying the place, the day, and the hour of meeting and, in

case of special business, the general nature of that business shall

1st Sch.

Table: A.

— oont.

534

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cont.

be given in manner hereinafter mentioned, or in such other

manner, if any, as may be prescribed by the company in general

meeting, to such persons as are, under the regulations of the

company, entitled to receive such notices from the company;

but with the consent of all the members entitled to receive notice

of some particular meeting, that meeting may be convened by

such shorter notice and in such manner as those members may

think fit?

43. The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting

to, or the non-receipt of notice of a meeting by, any member

shall not invalidate the proceedings at any meeting.

Proceedings at General Meetings.

44. All business shall be deemed special that is transacted

at an extraordinary meeting, and all that is transacted at an

ordinary meeting, with the exception of sanctioning a dividend,

the consideration of the accounts, balance sheets, and the

ordinary report of the directors and auditors, the election of

directors and other officers in the place of those retiring by

rotation, and the fixing of the remuneration of the auditors.

45. No business shall be transacted at any general meeting

unless a quorum of members is present at the time when the

meeting proceeds to business; save as herein otherwise provided,

three members personally present shall be a quorum.

46. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the

meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting, if convened upon

the requisition of members, shall be dissolved; in any other

case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week,

at the same time and place, and if at the adjourned meeting a

quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed

for the meeting the members present shall be a quorum.

47. The chairman, if any, of the board of directors shall

preside as chairman at every general meeting of the company.

48. If there is no such chairman, or if at any meeting he is

not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for

holding the meeting or is unwilling to act as chairman, the

members present shall choose some one of their number to be

chairman.

49. The chairman may, with the consent of any meeting

at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the

meeting), adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place

to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned

meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting

from which the adjournment took place. When a meeting is

adjourned for ten days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting

1929. Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23. 535

shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Save as 1st Sch.

aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an Table A.

adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned con< •

meeting.

50. At any general meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands, unless a poll is

(before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands)

demanded by at least three members present in person or by

proxy entitled to vote or by one member or two members so

present and entitled, if that member or those two members

together hold not less than 15 per cent, of the paid up capital

of the company, and, unless a poll is so demanded, a declaration

by the chairman that a resolution has, on a show of hands, been

carried, or carried unanimously, or by a particular majority,

or lost, and an entry to that effect in the book of the proceedings

of the company, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without

proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in

favour of, or against, that resolution.

51. If a poll is duly demanded it shall be taken in such

manner as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall

be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll

was demanded.

52. In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show

of hands or on a poll, the chairman of the meeting at which

the show' of hands takes place or at which the poll is demanded,

shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

53. A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on

a question of adjournment, shall be taken forthwith. A poll

demanded on any other question shall be taken at such time

as the chairman of the meeting directs.

Votes of Members.

54. On a show of hands every member present in person

shall have one vote. On a poll every member shall have one

vote for each share of which he is the holder.

55. In the case of joint holders the vote of the senior who

tenders a vote whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted

to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders; and

for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in

which the names stand in the register of members.

56. A member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom

an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction in

lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by

his committee, curator bonis, or other person in the nature of

a committee or curator bonis appointed by that court, and any

536

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cunt.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

such committee, curator bonis, or other person may, on a poll,

vote by proxy.

57. No member shall be entitled to vote at any general

meeting unless all calls or other sums presently payable by him

in respect of shares in the company have been paid.

68. On a poll votes may be given either personally or by

proxy.

59. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing

under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised

in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation, either under

seal, or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised.

A proxy need not be a member of the company.

60. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of

attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed

or a notarially certified copy of that power or authority shall be

deposited at the registered office of the company not less than

forty-eight hours before the time for holding the meeting or

adjourned meeting, at which the person named in the instrument

proposes to vote, and in default the instrument of proxy shall

not be treated as valid.

61. An instrument appointing a proxy may be in the

following form, or any other form which the directors shall

approve :—

Company, Limited.

" I, , of

in the county of, being a member

of the Company, Limited,

hereby appoint, of

, as my proxy, to vote for me and

on my behalf at the [ordinary or extraordinary, as the

case may 6e] general meeting of the company to be

held on the day of

and at any adjournment thereof."

Signed this day of

62. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to

confer authority to demand or join in demanding a poll.

Corporations acting by Representatives at Meetings.

63. Any corporation which is a member of the company

may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise

such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any

meeting of the company or of any class of members of the

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23,

537

company, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise

the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents

as that corporation could exercise if it were an individual member

of the company.

Directors.

64. The number of the directors and the names of the first

directors shall be determined in writing by a majority of the

subscribers of the memorandum of association.

65. The remuneration of the directors shall from time to

time be determined by the company in general meeting.

66. The qualification of a director shall be the holding of at

least one share in the company.

Powers and Duties of Directors.

67. The business of the company shall be managed by the

directors, who may pay all expenses incurred in getting up and

registering the company, and may exercise all such powers

of the company, as are not, by the Act, or by these articles,

required to be exercised by the company in general meeting,

subject, nevertheless, to any regulation of these articles, to the

provisions of the Act, and to such regulations, being not inconsistent with the aforesaid regulations or provisions, as may be

prescribed by the company in general meeting; but no regulation

made by the company in general meeting shall invalidate any

prior act of the directors which would have been valid if that

regulation had not been made.

68. The directors may from time to time appoint one or

more of their body to the office of managing director or manager

for such term and at such remuneration (whether by way of

Balary, or commission, or participation in profits, or partly in

one way and partly in another) as they may think fit, and a

director so appointed shall not, while holding that office, be

subject to retirement by rotation, or taken into account in

determining the rotation or retirement of directors; but his

appointment shall be subject to determination ipso facto if he

ceases from any cause to be a director, or if the company in

general meeting resolve that his tenure of the office of managing

director or manager be determined.

69. The amount for the time being remaining undischarged

of moneys borrowed or raised by the directors for the purposes

of the company (otherwise than by the issue of sliare capital)

shall not at any time exceed the issued share capital of the

company without the sanction of the company in general meeting.

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cont.

538

1ST fc>CH.

Table A»

— cont.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

70. The directors shall cause minutes to be made in books

provided for the purpose—

(a) Of all appointments of officers made by the directors;

(b) Of the names of the directors present at each meeting

of the directors and of any committee of the directors;

(c) Of all resolutions and proceedings at all meetings of the

company, and of the directors, and of committees of

directoxs;

and every director present at any meeting of directors or committee of directors shall sign his name in a book to be kept for

that purpose.

The Seal.

71. The seal of the company shall not be affixed to any

instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the board

of directors, and in the presence of a director and of the secretary

or such other person as the directors may appoint for the purpose;

and that director and the secretary or other person as aforesaid shall sign every instrument to which the seal of the company

is so affixed in their presence.

Disqualification of Directors.

72. The office of director shall be vacated, if the director—

(a) ceases to be a director by virtue of section 141 of the Act; or

(b) without the consent of the company in general

meeting holds any other office of profit under the

company except that of managing director or manager;

or

(c) becomes bankrupt; or

(d) becomes prohibited from being a director by reason

of any order made under sections 217 or 275 of the

Act; or

(e) is found lunatic or becomes of unsound mind; or

(f) resigns his office by notice in writing to the company;

or

(g) is directly or indirectly interested in any contract

with the company or participates in the profits of

any contract with the company.

Provided, however, that a director shall not vacate' his

office by reason of his being a member of any corporation which

has entered into contracts with or done any work for the company

if he shall have declared the nature of his interest in manner

required by section 149 of the Act, but the director shall not

vote in respect of any such contract or work or any matter

arising thereout, and if he does so vote his vote shall not be counted.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

539

Rotation of Directors.

73. At the first ordinary general meeting of the company

the whole of the directors shall retire from office, and at the

ordinary general meeting in every subsequent year one-third

of the directors for the time being, or, if their number is not

three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest one-third,

shall retire from office.

74. The directors to retire in every year shall be those who

have been longest in office since their last election but as between

persons who became directors on the same day those to retire shall

(unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined

by lot.

75. A retiring director shall be eligible for re-election.

76. The company at the general meeting at which a director

retires in manner aforesaid may fill up the vacated office by

electing a person thereto and in default the retiring director

shall be deemed to have been re-elected unless at such meeting

it is resolved not to fill up such vacated office.

77. The company may from time to time in general meeting

increase or reduce the number of directors, and may also determine

in what rotation the increased or reduced number is to go out

of office.

78. Any casual vacancy occurring in the board of directors

may be filled up by the directors, but the person so chosen shall

be subject to retirement at the same time as if he had become a

director on the day on which the director in whose plaoe he ia

appointed was last elected a director.

79. The directors shall have power at any time, and from

time to time, to appoint a person as an additional director who

shall retire from office at the next following ordinary general

meeting, but shall be eligible for election by the company at that

meeting as an additional director.

80. The company may by extraordinary resolution remove

any director before the expiration of his period of office, and may

by an ordinary resolution appoint another person in his stead.

The person so appointed shall be subject to retirement at the

same time as if he had become a director on the day on which

the director in whose place he is appointed was last elected

a director.

Proceedings of Directors.

81. The directors may meet together for the despatch of

business, adjourn, and otherwise regulate their meetings, as they

think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by

1st Sch.

Table A.

— OOtU.

540

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Tabu: A.

— cont.

a majority of votes. In case of an equality of votes the chairman

shall have a second or casting vote. A director may, and the

secretary on the requisition of a director shall, at any time

summon a meeting of the directors.

82. The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business

of the directors may be fixed by the directors, and unless so fixed

shall when the number of directors exceeds three be three, and

when the number of directors does not exceed three, be two.

83. The continuing directors may act notwithstanding any

vacancy in their body, but, if and so long as their number is

reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the regulations

of the company as the necessary quorum of directors, the continuing directors may act for the purpose of increasing the number

of directors to that number, or of summoning a general meeting

of the company, but for no other purpose.

84. The directors may elect a chairman of their meetings

and determine the period for which he is to hold office; but if no

such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not

present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding

the same, the directors present may choose one of their number

to be chairman of the meeting.

85. The directors may delegate any of their powers to

committees consisting of such member or members of their body

as they think fit; any committee so formed shall in the exercise

of the powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may

be imposed on it by the directors.

86. A committee may elect a chairman of its meetings; if

no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is

not present within five minutes after the time appointed for

holding the same, the members present may choose one of their

number to be chairman of the meeting.

87. A committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper.

Questions arising at any meeting shall be determined by a

majority of votes of the members present, and in case of an

equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting

vote.

88. All acts done by any meeting of the directors or of a

committee of directors, or by any person acting as a director,

shall, notwithstanding that it be afterwards discovered that there

was some defect in the appointment of any such director or

person acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were

disqualified, be as valid as if every such person had been duly

appointed and was qualified to be a director.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

541

Dividends and Reserve.

89. The company in general meeting may declare dividends,

but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the

directors.

90. The directors may from time to time pay to the members

such interim dividends as appear to the directors to be justified

by the profits of the company.

91. No dividend shall be paid otherwise than out of profits.

92. Subject to the rights of persons, if any, entitled to

shares with special rights as to dividends, all dividends shall be

declared and paid according to the amounts paid on the shares,

but if and so long as nothing is paid up on any of the shares

in the company dividends may be declared and paid according

to the amounts of the shares. No amount paid on a share in

advance of calls shall, while carrying interest, be treated for

the purposes of this article as paid on the share.

93. The directors may, before recommending any dividend,

set aside out of the profits of the company such sums as they

think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion

of the directors, be applicable for meeting contingencies, or for

equalising dividends, or for any other purpose to which the

profits of the company may be properly applied, and pending

such application may, at the like discretion, either be employed

in the business of the company or be invested in such investments

(other than shares of the company) as the directors may from

time to time think fit.

94. If several persons are registered as joint holders of any

share, any one of them may give effectual receipts for any dividend

or other moneys payable on or in respect of the share.

95. Any dividend may be paid by cheque or warrant sent

through the post to the registered address of the member or

person entitled thereto or in the case of joint holders to any one

of such joint holders at his registered address or to such person

and such address as the member or person entitled or such joint

holders as the case may be may direct. Every such cheque or

warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to

whom it is sent or to the order of such other person as the member

or person entitled or such joint holders as the case may be may

direct.

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cont.

90. No dividend shall bear interest against the company.

542

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 Sz 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table A.

— cont.

Accounts.

97. The directors shall cause proper books of account to

be kept with respect to—

All sums of money received and expended by the

company and the matters in respect of which the receipt

and expenditure takes place;

All sales and purchases of goods by the company;

and

The assets and liabilities of the company.

98. The books of account shall be kept at the registered

office of the company, or at such other place or places as the

directors think fit, and shall always be open to the inspection

of the directors.

99. The directors shall from time to time determine whether

and to what extent and at what times and places and under

what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the

company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of

members not being directors, and no member (not being a director)

shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document

of the company except as conferred by statute or authorised

by the directors or by the company in general meeting.

100. The directors shall from time to time in accordance

with section 123 of the Act, cause to be prepared and to be laid

before the company in general meeting such profit and loss

accounts, balance sheets and reports as are referred to in that

section.

101. A copy of every balance sheet (including every document

required by law to be annexed thereto) which is to be laid before

the company in general meeting together with a copy of the

Auditors’ report shall not less than seven days before the date

of the meeting be sent to all persons entitled to receive notices

of general meetings of the company.

Audit.

102. Auditors shall be appointed and their duties regulated

in accordance with sections 132, 133 and 134 of the Act.

Notices.

103. A notice may be given by the company to any member

either personally or by sending it by post to him to his registered

address, or (if he has no registered address within the United

Kingdom) to the address, if any, within the United Kingdom

supplied by him to the company for the giving of notices to him.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

543

Where a notice is sent by post, service of the notice shall be 1 st Sch.

deemed to be effected by properly addressing, prepaying, and Table A.

posting a letter containing the notice, and to have been effected — cant.

in the case of a notice of a meeting at the expiration of 24 hours

after the letter containing the same is posted, and in any other

case at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the

ordinary course of post.

104. If a member has no registered address within the

United Kingdom and has not supplied to the company an address

within the United Kingdom for the giving of notices to him, a

notice addressed to him and advertised in a newspaper circulating the neighbourhood of the registered office of the company,

shall be deemed to be duly given to him at noon on the day

on which the advertisement appears.

105. A notice may he given by the company to the joint

holders of a share by giving the notice to the joint holder named

first in the register of members in respect of the share.

106. A notice may he given by the company to the persons

entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy

of a member by sending it through the post in a prepaid letter

addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives

of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt, or by any like

description, at the address, if any, within the United Kingdom

supplied for the purpose by the persons claiming to be so

entitled, or (until such an address has been so supplied) by

giving the notice in any manner in which the same might have

been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred.

107. Notice of every general meeting shall be given in some

manner hereinbefore authorised to (a) every member except

those members who (having no registered address within the

United Kingdom) have not supplied to the company an address

within the United Kingdom for the giving of notices to them,

and also to (b) every person entitled to a share in consequence

of the death or bankruptcy of a member, who, but for his death

or bankruptcy, would be entitled to receive notice of the

meeting. No other persons shall be entitled to receive notices

of general meetings.

Table B. Sections 11

, , and 379.

Form of Memorandum of Association of a Company limited

by Shares.

1st. The name of the company is " The Eastern Steam

Packet Company, Limited."

2nd. The registered office of the company will be situate in

England.

544

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table B.

— cont.

Sections 11

and 379.

3rd. The objects for -which the company is established are,

" the conveyance of passengers and goods in ships or boats

" between such places as the company may from time to time

" determine, and the doing all such other things as are incidental

" or conducive to the attainment of the above object."

4th. The liability of the members is limited.

5th. The share capital of the company is two hundred

thousand pounds divided into one thousand shares of two hundred

pounds each.

We, the several persons whose names and addresses are subscribed, are desirous of being formed into a company, in

pursuance of this memorandum of association, and we

respectively agree to take the number of shares in the capital

of the company set opposite our respective names.

Number of

shares taken

by each

Subscriber.

merchant 200

, 25

, 30

, 40

, 15

>. 5

, 10

Total shares taken 325 "

Dated the day of 19

Witness to the above signatures,

A.B., No. 13, Hute Street, Clerkenwell,

London.

Names, Addresses, and Descriptions

of Subscribers.

1 1. John Jones of

1 2. John Smith of

1 3. Thomas Green of

1 4. John Thompson of

; 6. Caleb White of

; 6. Andrew Brown of

7. Cresar White of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

■in +Viq om in fir nf

Table C.

Form of Memorandum and Articles of Association of a

Company limited by Guarantee, and not having a

Share Capital.

Memorandum of Association.

1st. The name of the company is " The Kent School

Association, Limited."

2nd. The registered office of the company will be situate in

England.

3rd. The objects for which the company is establ'slied

are the carrying on a school for boys in the county of Kent

and the doing all such other things as are incidental or

conducive to the attainment of the above object.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23,

545

4th. The liability of the members is limited.

5th. Every member of the company undertakes to contribute to the assets of the company in the event of its being wound

up while he is a member, or within one year afterwards, for

payment of the debts and liabilities of the company contracted

before he ceases to be a member, and the costs charges and

expenses of winding up, and for the adjustment of the rights

of the contributories among themselves, such amount as may be

required not exceeding ten pounds.

We, the several persons whose names and addresses are Bub-

scribed, are desirous of being formed into a company, in

pursuance of this memorandum of association.

Names, Addresses, and Descriptions of Subscribers.

" 1. John Jones of

" 2. John Smith of

" 3. Thomas Green of

" 4. John Thompson of

" 5. Caleb White of

" 6. Andrew Brown of

" 7. Caesar White of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

schoolmaster.

Dated the

day of 19

Witness to the above signatures,

A.B., No. 13, Hute Street, Clerkenwell,

London.

Articles of Association to accompany preceding

Memorandum op Association.

Preliminary.

1. In these regulations :—

The Act means the Companies Act, 1929.

When any provision of the Act is referred to the reference

is to such provision as modified by any statute for the

time being in force.

Unless the context otherwise requires, expressions defined

in the Act or any statutory modification thereof in

force at the date at which these regulations become

binding on the company, shall have the meanings so

defined.

1st Soh.

Table C.

— cant.

Mm

546

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table C.

— cont.

Members.

2. The number of members with which the company

proposes to be registered is 500, but the directors may from time

to time register an increase of members.

3. The subscribers to the memorandum of association and

such other persons as the directors shall admit to membership

shall be members of the company.

General Meetings.

4. The first general meeting shall be held at such time, not

being less than one month nor more than three months after the

incorporation of the company, and at such place, as the directors

may determine.

5. A general meeting shall be held once in every calendar

year at such time (not being more than fifteen months after the

holding of the last preceding general meeting) and place as may

be prescribed by the company in general meeting, or, in default,

at such time in the third month following that in which the

anniversary of the company’s incorporation occurs, and at such

place as the directors shall appoint. In default of a general

meeting being so held, a general meeting shall be held in the

month next following, and may be convened by any two members

in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in winch

meetings are to be convened by the directors.

6. The above-mentioned general meetings shall be called

ordinary general meetings; all other general meetings shall be

called extraordinary general meetings.

7. The directors may, whenever they think fit, convene

an extraordinary general meeting, and extraordinary general

meetings shall also be convened on such requisition, or, in

default, may be convened by such requisitionists, as provided by

section 114 of the Act. If at any time there are not within the

United Kingdom sufficient directors capable of acting to form

a quorum, any director or any two members of the company

may convene an extraordinary general meeting in the same

manner as nearly as possible as that in which meetings may be

oonvened by the directors.

Notice of General Meetings.

8. Subject to the provisions of section 117 (2) of the Act

relating to special resolutions, seven days’ notice at the least

(exclusive of the day on which the notice is served or deemed to

be served, but inclusive of the day for which notice is given)

specifying the place, the day, and the hour of meeting and, in

case of special bus 1 ness, the general nature of that business shall

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

547

be given in manner hereinafter mentioned, or in such other

manner, if any, as may be prescribed by the company in general

meeting, to such persons as are, under the regulations of the

company, entitled to receive such notices from the company;

but with the consent of all the members entitled to receive notice

of some particular meeting, that meeting may be convened by

such shorter notice and in such manner as those members may

think fit.

9. The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to,

or the non-receipt of notice of a meeting by, any member shall

not invalidate the proceedings at any meeting.

Proceedings at General Meetings.

10. All business shall be deemed special that is transacted

at an extraordinary meeting, and all that is transacted at an

ordinary meeting, with the exception of the consideration of the

accounts, balance sheets, and the ordinary report of the directors

and auditors, the election of directors and other officers in the

place of those retiring by rotation, and the fixing of the

remuneration of the auditors.

11. No business shall be transacted at any general meeting

unless a quorum of members is present at the time when the

meeting proceeds to business; save as herein otherwise provided,

three members personally present shall be a quorum.

12. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the

meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting, if convened upon

the requisition of members, shall be dissolved; in any other

case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week,

at the same time and place, and if at the adjourned meeting

a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time

appointed for the meeting the members present shall be a

quorum.

13. The chairman, if any, of the board of directors shall

preside as chairman at every general meeting of the company.

14. If there is no such chairman, or if at any meeting he is

not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for

holding the meeting or is unwilling to act as chairman, the

members present shall choose some one of their number to be

chairman.

15. The chairman may, with the consent of any meeting

at which a quorum is present {and shall if so directed by the

meeting), adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place

to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned

meeting other than the business left unfinished at the meeting

Mm2

1st Sch.

Tablk C.

— cont.

548

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

from -which the adjournment took place. When a meeting is

adjourned for ten days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting

shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Save as

aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.

16. At any general meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands, unless a poll is

(before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands)

demanded by at least two members present in person or by proxy

entitled to vote and unless a poll is so demanded, a declaration

by the chairman that a resolution has, on a show of hands, been

carried, or carried unanimously, or by a particular majority, or

lost, and an entry to that effect in the book of the proceedings

of the company, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without

proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour

of, or against, that resolution.

17. If a poll is duly demanded it shall be taken in such

manner as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall

be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll

was demanded.

18. In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of

hands or on a poll, the chairman of the meeting at which the show

of hands takes place or at which the poll is demanded, shall be

entitled to a second or casting vote.

19. A poll demanded on the election of a chairman, or on

a question of adjournment, shall be taken forthwith. A poll

demanded on any other question shall be taken at such time

as the chairman of the meeting directs.

1st Sch.

Table C.

— cont.

Votes of Members.

20. Every member shall have one vote.

21. A member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an

order has been made, by any court having jurisdiction in lunacy,

may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his

committee, curator bonis, or other person in the nature of a

committee or curator bonis appointed by that court, and any

such committee, curator bonis, or other person may, on a poll,

vote by proxy.

22. No member shall be entitled to vote at any general

meeting unless all moneys presently payable by him to the

company have been paid.

23. On a poll votes may be given either personally or by

proxy.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

549

24. Tiie instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing

under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised

in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation, either under the

seal, or under the hand of an officer or attorney so authorised.

A proxy need not be a member of the company.

25. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of

attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed

or a notarially certified copy of that power or authority shall be

deposited at the registered office of the company not less than

forty-eight hours before the time for holding the meeting or

adjourned meeting at which the person named in the instrument

proposes to vote, and in default the instrument of proxy shall

not be treated as valid.

26. An instrument appointing a proxy may be in the following

form, or any other form which the directors shall approve :—

Company, Limited.

" I

of ' in the county of

being a member of the Company,

Limited, hereby appoint of

as my proxy to vote for me and

on my behalf at the [ordinary or extraordinary, as the

case may be] general meeting of the company to be

held on the day of

and at any adjournment thereof."

Signed this day of

27. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to

confer authority to demand or join in demanding a poll.

Corporations acting by Representatices at Meetings.

28. Any corporation which is a member of the company

may by resolution of its directors or other governing body

authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative

at any meeting of the company and the person so authorised

shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the

corporation which he represents as that corporation could

exercise if it were an individual member of the company.

Directors.

29. The number of directors and the names of the first

directors shall be determined in writing by a majority of the

subscribers to the memorandum.

30. The remuneration of the directors shall from time to

time be determined by the company in general meeting.

1st Sch.

Table C.

— cont.

550

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table C.

— cont.

Powers and Duties of Directors.

31. The business of the company shall be managed by the

directors, who may pay all expenses incurred in getting up and

registering the company, and may exercise all such powers of the company as are not, by the Act, or by these articles, required

to be exercised by the company in general meeting, subject

nevertheless to any regulation of these articles, to the provisions

of the Act, and to such regulations, being not inconsistent with

the aforesaid regulations or provisions, as may be prescribed by

the company in general meeting; but no regulation made by the

company in general meeting shall invalidate any prior act of the

directors which would have been valid if that regulation had not

been made.

32. The directors shall cause minutes to be made in books

provided for the purpose—

(a) of all appointments of officers made by the directors;

(b) of the names of the directors present at each meeting

of the directors and of any committee of the directors;

(c) of all resolutions and proceedings at all meetings of the company, and of the directors, and of committees of

directors;

and every director present at any meeting of directors or

committee of directors shall sign his name in a book to be kept

for that purpose.

The Seal.

33. The seal of the company shall not be affixed to any

instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the board

of directors, and in the presence of a director and of the secretary

or such other person as the directors may appoint for the purpose;

and that director and the secretary or other person as aforesaid

shall sign every instrument to which the seal of the company is so

affixed in their presence.

Disqualifications of Directors.

34. The office of director shall be vacated, if the director—

(a) without the consent of the company in general

meeting holds any other office of profit under the

company; or

(b) becomes bankrupt; or

(c) becomes prohibited from being a director by reason

of any order made under sections 217 or 275 of the Act;

(d) is found lunatic or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) resigns his office by notice in writing to the company;

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

551

(f) is directly or indirectly interested in any contract

with the company and fails to declare the nature of

his interest in manner required by section 149 of the Act.

A director shall not vote in respect of any contract in which

he is interested or any matter arising thereout, and if he does

so vote his vote shall not be counted.

Rotation of Directors.

35. At the first ordinary general meeting of the company

the whole of the directors shall retire from office, and at the

ordinary general meeting in every subsequent year one-third

of the directors for the time being, or, if their number is not

three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest one-third,

shall retire from office.

36. The directors to retire in every year shall be those who

have been longest in office since their last election but as between

persons who became directors on the same day those to retire shall

(unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined

by lot.

37. A retiring director shall be eligible for re-election.

38. The company at the general meeting at which a director

retires in manner aforesaid may fill up the vacated office by

electing a person thereto and in default the retiring director

shall be deemed to have been re-elected unless at such meeting

it is resolved not to fill up such vacated office.

39. The company may from time to time in general meeting

increase or reduce the number of directors, and may also determine

in what rotation the increased or reduced number is to go out

of office.

40. Any casual vacancy occurring in the board of directors

may be filled up by the directors but the person so chosen shall

be subject to retirement at the same time as if he had become a

director on the day on which the director in whose place he

is appointed was last elected a director.

41. The directors shall have power at any time, and from

time to time, to appoint a person as an additional director who

shall retire from office at the next following ordinary general

meeting, but shall be eligible for election by the company at

that meeting as an additional director.

42. The company may by extraordinary resolution remove

any director before the expiration of his period of office, and may

by an ordinary resolution appoint another person in his stead.

The person so appointed shall be subject to retirement at the

1st Sch.

Table C.

—con*.

552

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table C.

— cont.

same time as if he had become a director on the day on which

the director in whose place he is appointed was last elected

a director.

Proceedings of Directors.

43. The directors may meet together for the despatch of

business, adjourn, and otherwise regulate their meetings, as they

think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided

by a majority of votes. In case of an equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote. A director may, and

the secretary on the requisition of a director shall, at any time

summon a meeting of the directors.

44. The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business

of the directors may be fixed by the directors, and unless so fixed

shall, when the number of directors exceed three, be three and

shall, when the number of directors does not exceed three, be two.

45. The continuing directors may act notwithstanding any

vacancy in their body, but, if and so long as their number is

reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the regulations

of the company as the necessary quorum of directors, the continuing directors may act for the purpose of increasing the

number of directors to that number, or of summoning a general

meeting of the company, but for no other purpose.

46. The directors may elect a chairman of their meetings and

determine the period for which he is to hold office; but, if no such

chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not

present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding

the same, the directors present may choose one of their number

to be chairman of the meeting.

47. The directors may delegate any of their powers to

committees consisting of such member or members of their body

as they think fit; any committee so formed shall, in the exercise

of the powers so delegated, conform to any regulations that may

be imposed on them by the directors.

48. A committee may elect a chairman of its meetings; if

no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman

is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for

holding the same, the members present may choose one of their

number to be chairman of the meeting.

49. A committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper.

Questions arising at any meeting shall be determined by a

majority of votes of the members present, and in case of an

equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting

vote.

50. All acts done by any meeting of the directors or of a

committee of directors, or by any person acting as a director,

shall, notwithstanding that it be afterwards discovered that

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

553

there was some defect in the appointment of any such directors

or persons acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were

disqualified, be as valid as if every such person had been duly

appointed and was qualified to be a director.

Accounts.

51. The directors shall cause proper books of account to

be kept with respect to—

All sums of money received and expended by the company

and the matter in respect of which the receipt and

expenditure takes place;

All sales and purchases of goods by the company; and

The assets and liabilities of the company.

52. The books of account shall be kept at the registered

office of the company, or at such other place or places as the

directors think fit, and shall always be open to the inspection

of the directors.

53. The directors shall from time to time determine whether

and to what extent and at what times and places and under

what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the

company or any of them shall be open to the inspection of members

not being directors, and no member (not being a director) shall

have any right of inspecting any account or book or document

of the company except as conferred by statute or authorised

by the directors or by the company in general meeting.

54. The directors shall from time to time in accordance

with section 123 of the Act, cause to be prepared and to be laid

before the company in general meeting such profit and loss

accounts balance sheets and reports as are referred to in that

section.

55. A copy of every balance sheet (including every document

required by law to be annexed thereto) which is to be laid before

the company in general meeting together with a copy of the

auditor’s report shall not less than seven days before the date

of the meeting be sent to all persons entitled to receive notices

of general meetings of the Company.

Audit.

56. Auditors shall be appointed and their duties regulated

in accordance with sections 132, 133, and 134 of the Act.

Notices.

57. A notice may be given by the company to any member

either personally or by sending it by post to him to his registered

address, or (if he has no registered address within the United

Kingdom) to the address, if any, within the United Kingdom

supplied by him to the company for the giving of notices

to him.

1st Soh.

Table C.

— aont.

554

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table C.

— cont.

Sections

11 and 379.

Where a notice is sent by post, service of the notice shall be

deemed to be effected by properly addressing, prepaying, and

posting a letter containing the notice, and to have been effected

at the expiration of 24 hours after the letter containing the same

was posted.

58. If a member has no registered address within the United

Kingdom and has not supplied to the company an address within

the United Kingdom for the giving of notices to him, a notice

addressed to him and advertised in a newspaper circulating in

the neighbourhood of the registered office of the company, shall

be deemed to be duly given to h im on the day on which the

advertisement appears.

59. Notice of every general meeting shall be given in some

manner hereinbefore authorised to every member except those

members who (having no registered address within the United

Kingdom) have not supplied to the company an address within

the United Kingdom for the giving of notices to them. No other

persons shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings.

Names, Addresses and Descriptions of Subscribers.

" 1. John Jones of

" 2. John Smith of

" 3. Thomas Green of

" 4. John Thompson of

" 5. Caleb White of

"6. Andrew Brown of

" 7. Cfesar White of

Dated the

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

day of 19

schoolmaster.

Witness to the above signatures,

A.B., No. 20, Bond Street, London.

Table D.

Memorandum and Articles of Association of a Company

LIMITED BY GUARANTEE, AND HAVING A SHARE CAPITAL.

Jlemorandum of Association.

1st. The name of the company is " The Highland Hotel

Company, Limited."

2nd. The registered office of the company will be situate in

Scotland.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

535

3rd. The objects for which the company is established are

" the facilitating travelling in the Highlands of Scotland, by

" providing hotels and conveyances by sea and by land for the

" accommodation of travellers, and the doing all such other

" things as are incidental or conducive to the attainment of the

" above object."

4th. The liability of the members is limited.

5th. Every member of the company undertakes to contribute to the assets of the company in the event of its being

wound up while he is a member, or within one year afterwards,

for payment of the debts and liabilities of the company,

contracted before he ceases to be a member, and the costs,

charges and expenses of winding up the same and for the

adjustment of the rights of the contributories amongst themselves, such amount as may be required, not exceeding twenty

pounds.

6th. The share capital of the company shall consist of five

hundred thousand pounds, divided into five thousand shares of

one hundred pounds each.

We, the several persons whose names and addresses are subscribed, are desirous of being formed into a company, in

pursuance of this memorandum of association, and we respectively agree to take the number of shares in the capital of the company set opposite our respective names.

Number of

Shares taken

by each

Subscriber.

merchant 200

, 25

, 30

, 40

, 15

, 3

, 10

Total shares taken 325 "

Dated the day of 19 .

Witness to the above signatures,

A.B., No. 13, Hute Street, Clerkenwell,

London.

Names, Addresses, and Descriptions of

Subscribers.

1. John Jones of

2. John Smith of

3. Thomas Green of

4. John Thompson of

5. Caleb White of

6. Andrew Brown of

7. C'sesar White of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

in the county of

1st Sch.

Table D.

— cont.

556

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table D.

—cont.

Sections

11 and 379.

Articles of Association to accompany preceding

Memorandum of Association.

1. The Articles of Table A set out in the First Schedule

to the Companies Act, 1929, shall be the articles of association

of the company and apply to the company.

Na?ties, Addresses, and Descriptions of Subscribers.

1. John Jones of

in the county of

merchant.

" 2. John Smith of

in the county of

" 3. Thomas Green of

in the county of

n

" 4. John Thompson of

in the county of

" 5. Caleb White of

in the comity of

" 6. Andrew Brown of

in the county of

it

" 7. Caesar White of

in the county of

9i

Dated the

day of 19 ."

Witness to the above signatures,

A.B., No. 13, Hute Street, Clerkenwell,

London.

Table E.

Memorandum and Articles of Association of an unlimited

Company having a Share Capital.

Memorandum of Association.

1st. The name of the company is " The Patent Stereotype

Company."

2nd. The registered office of the company will be situate in

England.

3rd. The objects for which the company is established are

" the working of a patent method of founding and casting

" stereotype plates, of which method John Smith of London, is

" the sole patentee, and the doing of all such things as are inci-

" dental or conducive to the attainment of the above objects."

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch, 23.

557

We, the several persons whose names are subscribed, are

desirous of being formed into a company, in pursuance of this memorandum of association, and we respectively agree

to take the number of shares in the capital of the company

set opposite our respective names.

Number of

Names, Addresses and Descriptions of Shares taken

Subscribers. by each

- Subscriber.

" 1. John Jones of in the county of merchant 3

" 2. Jo hn Smith of in the county of, 2

" 3. Thomas Green of in the county of, 1

" 4. John Thompson of in the county of, 2

" 5. Caleb White of in the county of, 2

" 6. Andrew Brown of in the county of, 1

"7. Abel Brown of in the county of, 1

Total shares taken 12 "

Dated the day of 19 .

Witness to the above signatures,

A.B., No. 20, Bond Street, London.

Articles of Association to accompany the preceding

Memorandum of Association.

1. The share capital of the company is two thousand pounds

divided into twenty shares of one hundred pounds each.

2. The company may by special resolution—

(a) increase the share capital by such sum to be divided

into shares of such amount as the resolution may

prescribe;

(b) consolidate its shares into shares of a larger amount

than its existing shares;

(c) sub-divide its shares into shares of a smaller amount

than its existing shares;

(d) cancel any shares which at the date of the passing of the resolution have not been taken or agreed to be

taken by any person;

(e) reduce its share capital in any way.

1st Sch.

Table E.

—cont.

5.18

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

Table E.

— cont.

Sections 14

and 379.

3. The Articles of Table A set out in the First Schedule" to

the Companies Act, 1929 (other than Articles 30, 31, 32, 33,

34, 37, and 38) shall be deemed to be incorporated with these

articles and shall apply to the company.

Names, Addresses and Descriptions of Subscribers.

1 .

John Jones of

in the county of

merchant.

2.

John Smith of

in the county of

3.

Thomas Green of

in the county of

99

4.

John Thompson of

in the county of

99

5.

Caleb White of

in the county of

99

6.

Andrew Brown of

in the county of

9 *

7.

Abel Brown of

in the county of

.9

Dated the day of 19

Witness to the above signatures,

A.B., No. 20, Bond Street, London.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Licence to hold Lands.

The Board of Trade hereby licence the

to hold the lands hereunder described (insert description of land')

[or to hold lands not exceeding in the whole acres].

The conditions of this licence are (insert conditions, if any)

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

559

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Section'27.

Form of Statement in lieu of Prospectus to be ’

DELIVERED TO REGISTRAR BY A PRIVATE COMPANY

ON BECOMING A PUBLIC COMPANY.

The Companies Act, 1929.

Statement in lieu of Prospectus

delivered for registration by

[Insert the name of the Company .]

Pursuant to section 27 of the Companies Act, 1929.

Delivered for registration by

The nominal share capital of the

Company.

Divided into.

Shares of £

each.

it ti it

Amount (if any) of above capital

which consists of redeemable

preference shares.

The date on or before

which these shares are, or are

liable, to be redeemed.

Names, descriptions and addresses

of directors or proposed directors.

Amount of shares issued -

Amount of commissions paid in connection therewith.

Amount of discount, if any, allowed

on the issue of any shares, or so

much thereof as has not been

written off at the date of the

statement.

Unless more than one year has

elapsed since the date on which

the Company was entitled to

commence business :—

Amount of preliminary expenses.

Amount paid to any promoter -

Consideration for the payment -

it it •>

Shares of £ each.

Shares

Name of promoter.

Amount £

Consideration :—

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

560 Ch. 23.

3rd Sch. If the share capital of the Company

— cont. is divided into different classes

of shares, the right of voting at

meetings of the Company conferred by, and the rights in

respect of capital and dividends

attached to, the several classes

of shares respectively.

Number and amount of shares and

debentures issued within the two

years preceding the date of this

statement as fully or partly paid

up otherwise than for cash or

agreed to be so issued at the date

of this statement.

Consideration for the issue of those

shares or debentures.

Names and addresses of Vendors of

Property (1) purchased or acquired by the Company within

the two years preceding the date

of this statement or (2) agreed or

proposed to be purchased or acquired by the Company.

Amount (in cash, shares or deben-

* tures) paid or payable to each

separate vendor.

Amount paid or payable in cash,

shares or debentures for any such

property, specifying the amount

paid or payable for goodwill.

1. shares of £ fully

paid.

2. shares upon which

£ per share

credited as paid.

3. debenture £

4. Consideration:—

Total purchase price £

Cash - - £

Shares - £

Debentures- £

Goodwill - £

Dates of, and parties to, every material contract (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary

course of business or entered into

more than two years before the

delivery of this statement).

Time and place at which the contracts or copies thereof may be

inspected.

Names and addresses of the auditors

of the Company.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929,

Ch. 23.

561

Full particulars of the nature and

extent of the interest of every

director in any property purchased

or acquired by the Company

within the two years preceding

the date of this statement or

proposed to be purchased or acquired by the Company or, where

the interest of such a director

consists in being a partner in a

firm, the nature and extent of the

interest of the firm, with a statement of all sums paid or agreed to

be paid to him or to the firm in

cash or shares, or otherwise, by

any person either to induce him

to become or to qualify him as, a

director, or otherwise for services

rendered or to be rendered to the

Company by him or by the firm.

3rd Sch.

•— cont.

Rates of the dividends (if any) paid

by the Company in respect of each

class of shares in the Company in

each of the three financial years

immediately preceding the date of this statement or since the incorporation of the Company whichever period is the shorter.

Particulars of the cases in which no

dividends have been paid in

respect of any class of shares in

any of these years.

If any of the unissued shares or

debentures are to be applied in

the purchase of any business the

amount, as certified by the persons

by whom the accounts of the

business have been audited, of the net profits of the business in

respect of each of the throe

financial years immediately preceding the date of this statement,

provided that in the case of a

business which has been carried

on for less than three years and

Nn

562

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

3rd Sch. the accounts of which have only

— cent. been made up in respect of two

years or one year the above

requirement shall have effect as

if references to two years or one

year, as the case may be, were

substituted for references to three

years, and in any such case the

statement shall say how long the

business to be acquired has been

carried on.

(Signatures of the persons above-named

as directors or proposed directors

or of their agents authorised in

writing.)

Date -

Note. —In this Form the expression "vendor " includes a

vendor as defined in Part III of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and the expression "financial year" has the meaning

assigned to it in that Part of the said Schedule.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Matters required to be Stated in Prospectus.

1. Except where the prospectus is published as a newspaper

advertisement, the contents of the memorandum, with the names,

descriptions, and addresses of the signatories, and the number of

shares subscribed for by them respectively.

2. The number of founders or management or deferred

shares, if any, and the nature and extent of the interest of the holders in the property and profits of the company.

3. The number of shares, if any, fixed by the articles as the

qualification of a director, and any provision in the articles as to

the remuneration of the directors.

4. The names, descriptions, and addresses of the directors

or proposed directors.

5. Where shares are offered to the public for subscription

particulars as to—

(i) the minimum amount which, in the opinion of the

directors, must be raised by the issue of those shares

in order to provide the sums, or, if any part thereof is

Sections 36

and 365.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

503

to be defrayed in any other manner, the balance of the

sums, required to be provided in respect of each of the

following matters:—

(a) the purchase price of any property purchased

or to be purchased which is to be defrayed in whole

or in part out of the proceeds of the issue;

(b) any preliminary expenses payable by the company, and any commission so payable to any person

in consideration of his agreeing to subscribe for, or of

his procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions

for, any shares in the company;

(c) the repayment of any moneys borrowed by the

company in respect of any of the foregoing matters;

(d) working capital; and

(ii) the amounts to be provided in respect of the matters

aforesaid otherwise than out of the proceeds of the issue and the

sources out of which those amounts are to be provided.

6. The amount payable on application and allotment on

each share, and, in the case of a second or subsequent offer of

shares, the amount offered for subscription on each previous

allotment made within the two preceding years, the amount

actually allotted, and the amount, if any, paid on the shares so

allotted.

7. The number and amount of shares and debentures which

within the tw o preceding years have been issued, or agreed to be

issued, as fully or partly paid up otherwise than in cash, and in

the latter case the extent to which they are so paid up, and in

either case the consideration for which those shares or debentures

have been issued or are proposed or intended to be issued.

8. The names and addresses of the vendors of any property

purchased or acquired by the company, or proposed so to be

purchased or acquired, which is to be paid for wholly or partly

out of the proceeds of the issue offered for subscription by the

prospectus, or the purchase or acquisition of which has not been

completed at the date of issue of the prospectus, and the amount

payable in cash, shares, or debentures, to the vendor, and where

there is more than one separate vendor, or the company is a subpurchaser, the amount so payable to each vendor.

9. The amount, if any, paid or payable as purchase money

in cash, shares, or debentures, for any such property as aforesaid,

specifying the amount, if any, payable for goodwill.

10. The amount, if any, paid within the two preceding years,

or payable, as commission (but not including commission to

sub-underwriters) for subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, or

procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, for any shares

in, or debentures of, the company, or the rate of any such

commission.

11. The amount or estimated amount of preliminary

expenses.

Nn 2

4th Sch.

— cant.

564

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

4th Sch.

— cont.

12. The amount paid within the two preceding years or

intended to be paid to any promoter, and the consideration for

any such payment.

13. The dates of and parties to every material contract, not

being a contract entered into in the ordinary course of the

business carried on or intended to be carried on by the company

or a contract entered into more than two years before the date

of issue of the prospectus, and a reasonable time and place at

which any such material contract or a copy thereof may be

inspected.

14. The names and addresses of the auditors, if any, of the

company.

15. Full particulars of the nature and extent of the interest,

if any, of every director in the promotion of, or in the property

proposed to be acquired by, the company, or, where the interest

of such a director consists in being a partner in a firm, the nature

and extent of the interest of the firm, with a statement of all

sums paid or agreed to be paid to him or to the firm in cash or

shares or otherwise by any person either to induce him to

become, or to qualify him as a director, or, otherwise for services

rendered by him or by the firm in connection with the promotion

or formation of the company.

10. If the prospectus invites the public to subscribe for

shares in the company and the share capital of the company is

divided into different classes of shares, the right of voting at

meetings of the company conferred by, and the rights in respect

of capital and dividends attached to, the several classes of shares

respectively.

17. In the case of a company which has been carrying on

business, or of a business which has been carried on for less than

three years, the length of time during which the business of the

company or the business to be acquired, as the case may be, has

been carried on.

Part II.

Reports to be set out in Prospectus.

1. A report by the auditors of the company with respect

to the profits of the company in respect of each of the three

financial years immediately preceding the issue of the prospectus,

and with respect to the rates of the dividends, if any, paid by

the company in respect of each class of shares in the company

in respect of each of the said three years, giving particulars of

each such class of shares on which such dividends have been

paid and particulars of the cases in which no dividends have

been paid in respect of any class of shares in respect of any of

those years, and, if no accounts have been made up in respect of

any part of the period of three years ending on a date three

months before the issue of the prospectus, containing a statement

of that fact.

2. If the proceeds, or any part of the proceeds, of the issue

of the shares or debentures are or is to be applied directly or

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

565

indirectly in the purchase of any business, a report made by 4 th Sch.

accountants who shall be named in the prospectus upon the cont -

profits of the business in respect of e; tch of the three financial

years immediately preceding the issue of the prospectus.

Part III.

Provisions applying to Parts I. and II. of Schedule.

1. The provisions of this Schedule with respect to the

memorandum and the qualification, remuneration and interest of

directors, the names, descriptions and addresses of directors or

proposed directors, and the amount or estimated amount of the

preliminary expenses, shall not apply in the case of a prospectus

issued more than two years after the date at which the company

is entitled to commence business.

2. Every person shall for the purposes of this Schedule be

deemed to be a vendor who has entered into any contract,

absolute or conditional, for the sale or purchase, or for any

option of purchase, of any property to be acquired by the

company, in any case where—

(a) the purchase money is not fully paid at the date of the

issue of the prospectus;

(b) the purchase money is to be paid or satisfied wholly or in

part out of the proceeds of the issue offered for

subscription by the prospectus;

(c) the contract depends for its validity or fulfilment on the

result of that issue.

3. Where any property to be acquired by the company is

to be taken on lease, this Schedule shall have effect as if the

expression " vendor " included the lessor, and the expression

" purchase money " included the consideration for the lease,

and the expression "sub-purchaser " included a sub-lessee.

4. For the purposes of paragraph 8 of Fart I of this

Schedule where the vendors or any of them are a firm, the

members of the firm shall not be treated as separate vendors.

5. If in the case of a company which has been carrying on

business, or of a business which has been carried on for less

than three years, the accounts of the company or business have

only been made up in respect of two years or one year, Part II

of this Schedule shall have effect as if references to two years

or one year, as the case may be, were substituted for references

to three years.

6. The expression "financial year " in Part II of this

Schedule means the year in respect of which the accounts of the company or of the business, as the case may be, are made

up, and w here by reason of any alteration of the date on which

the financial year of the company or business terminates the

accounts of the company or business have been made up for a

period greater or less than a year, that greater or less period

shall for the purpose of the said Part of this Schedule be

deemed to be a financial year.

566

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Section 40. FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Form of Statement in lieu of Prospectus to be

DELIVERED TO REGISTRAR BY A COMPANY WHICH

DOES NOT ISSUE A PROSPECTUS OR WHICH DOES NOT

go to Allotment on a Prospectus issued.

The Companies Act, 1929.

Statement in lieu of Prospectus

delivered for registration by

[.Insert the name of the company .]

Pursuant to section 40 of the Companies Act, 1929.

Delivered for registration by

The nominal share capital of the £

Company.

Divided into ---- Shares of £ each.

) »> 9 *

>> >> }>

Amount (if any) of above capital Shares of £ each,

which consists of redeemable preference shares.

The date on or before which these

shares are, or are liable, to be

redeemed.

Names, descriptions and addresses

of directors or proposed directors.

If the share capital of the Company

is divided into different classes

of shares, the right of voting at

meetings of the Company conferred by, and the rights in

respect of capital and dividends

attached to, the several classes

of shares respectively.

Number and amount of shares and 1. shares of £ fully

debentures agreed to be issued as paid,

fully or partly paid up otherwise 2. shares upon which

than in cash. £ per share

The consideration for the intended credited as paid,

issue of those shares and deben- 3. debenture

tures. £

4. Consideration:—

Names and addresses of vendors of

property purchased or acquired,

or proposed to be purchased or

acquired by the Company.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

567

Amount (in cash, shares, or debentures) payable to each separate

vendor.

Amount (if any) paid or payable

(in cash or shares or debentures)

for any such property, specifying

amount (if any) paid or payable

for goodwill.

Amount (if any) paid or payable as

commission for subscribing or

agreeing to subscribe or procuring

or agreeing to procure subscriptions for any shares or debentures

in the Company; or

Rate of the commission -

The number of shares, if any, which

persons have agreed for a commission to subscribe absolutely.

Estimated amount of preliminary

expenses.

Amount paid or intended to be paid

to any promoter.

Consideration for the payment

Dates of, and parties to, every

material contract (other than

contracts entered into in the

ordinary course of the business

intended to be carried on by the

Company or entered into more

than two years before the delivery

of this statement).

Time and place at which the contracts or copies thereof may be

inspected.

Names and addresses of the auditors

of the Company (if any).

Full particulars of the nature and

extent of the interest of every

director in the promotion of or

in the property proposed to be

acquired by the Company, or,

5th Sch.

—c ont.

Total purchase price £

Cash - - £

Shares - £

Debentures - £

Goodwill - £

Amount paid.

, payable.

Rate per cent.

Name of promoter.

Amount £

Consideration :—

568

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

5th Sch.

— cont.

where the interest of such a

director consists in being a partner

in a firm, the nature and extent

of the interest of the firm, with a

statement of all sums paid or

agreed to be paid to him or to

the firm in cash or shares, or

otherwise, by any person either

to induce him to become, or to

qualify him as, a director, or

otherwise for services rendered

by him or by the firm in connection with the promotion or

formation of the Company.

If it is proposed to acquire any

business, the amount, as certified

by the persons by whom the

accounts of the business have

been audited, of the net profits

of the business in respect of each

of the three financial years immediately preceding the date of this statement provided that in

the case of a business which has

been carried on for less than three

years and the accounts of which

have only been made up in respect

of tw'o years or one year the

above requirement shall have

effect as if references to two

years or one year, as the case

may be, were substituted for

references to three years, and in

any such case the statement shall

say how long the business to be

acquired has been carried on.

(Signatures of the persons above-named

as directors or proposed directors,

or of their agents authorised in

writing.)

Date

Note. —In this Schedule the expression "vendor " includes

a vendor as defined in Part III of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, and the expression "financial year " has the meaning

assigned to it in that Part of the said Schedule.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

569

SIXTH SCHEDULE. Sections 108

_ and 379.

For 31 of Annual Return op a Company having

a Share Capital.

Annual Return of the Company, Limited

made ut> to the day of 19

(being the fourteenth day after the date of the first or only

ordinary general meeting in 19 ).

The address of the registered office of the Company is as

follows:—

Summary of Share Capital and Shares.

1

shares of

Nominal

Share Capital £

divided

£ each.

into *

shares of

1 £ each.

Total number of shares taken

up* to the

day of

19

being the date of the return (which number

must agree with the total shown in the list

as held by existing members).

Number of shares issued subject to payment

wholly in cash.

Number of shares issued as fully paid up otherwise than in cash.

Number of shares issued as partly paid up to

the extent of per share otherwise than

in cash.

fNumber of shares (if any) issued

at a discount.

Total amount of discount on the issue of £

shares which has not been written off at the

date of this Return.

* Where there are shares of different kinds or amounts (e.g.. Preference

and Ordinary or £1 and la.) state the number and nominal values separately,

t If the shares are of different kinds, state them separately.

570

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

6th Sch. *There has been called up on each of £

cont shares.

♦There has been called up on each of £

shares.

♦There has been called up on each of £

shares.

fTotal amount of calls received, including £

payments on application and allotment.

Total amount (if any) agreed to be considered £

as paid on shares which have been

issued as fully paid up otherwise than in

cash.

Total amount (if any) agreed to be considered £

as paid on shares which have

been issued as partly paid up to the extent

of per share otherwise than

in cash.

Total amount of calls unpaid - - £

Total amount of the sums (if any) paid by way £

of commission in respect of any shares or

debentures or allowed by way of discount in

respect of any debentures since the date of the last Return.

Total number of shares forfeited

Total amount paid (if any) on shares forfeited £

Total amount of shares for which share £

warrants to bearer are outstanding.

Total amount of share warrants to bearer issued Issued £

and surrendered respectively since the date Surrendered £

of the last Return.

Number of shares comprised in each share

warrant to bearer.

Total amount of the indebtedness of the Com- £

pany in respect of all mortgages and charges

of the kind which are required (or, in the

case of a Company registered in Scotland,

which, if the Company had been registered

in England, would be required) to be registered with the Registrar of Companies under

the Companies Act, 1929.

* Where various amounts have been called, or there are shares of

different kinds, state them separately.

t Include what has been received on forfeited as well as on existing

shares.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

571

Copy of last audited Balance Sheet of the Company.

Note. —Except where the Company is (1) a "Private

Company " within the meaning of Section 26 of the Companies

Act, 1929, or is (2) an Assurance Company which has complied

with the provisions of Section 7 (4) of the Assurance Companies

Act, 1909, this Return must include a written copy, certified by a

Director or by the Manager or Secretary of the Company to be

a true copy, of the last balance sheet which has been audited

by the Company’s auditors (including every document required

by law to be annexed thereto) together with a copy of the report

of the auditors thereon (certified as aforesaid), and if any such

balance sheet is in a foreign language there must also be annexed

to it a translation thereof in English certified in the prescribed

manner to be a correct translation. If the said last balance

sheet did not comply with the requirements of the law as in

force at the date of the audit with respect to the form of balance

sheets there must be made such additions to and corrections in

the said copy as would have been required to be made in the said

balance sheet in order to make it comply with the said requirements, and the fact that the said copy has been so amended

must be stated thereon.

Private Company.

Certificates to be given by a Private Company.

A. " I certify that the Company has not since the date

" of the Mast Annual Return issued any invitation to the public

" to subscribe for any shares or debentures of the Company."

(Signature)

(State whether Director or Secretary.)

B. Should the number of members of the Company exceed

fifty the following certificate is also required :—

" I certify that the excess of members of the Company

" above fifty consists wholly of persons who are in the

" employment of the Company and/or of persons who,

" having been formerly in the employment of the Company

" were while in such employment, and have continued

" after the determination of such employment to be,

" members of the Company."

(Signature)

(State whether Director or Secretary.)

1 In the case of the first Annual Return strike out the words "last

Annual Return " and substitute therefore the words "Incorporation

of the Company."

6th Sch.

—emit.

572

6th Sch.

— cont.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Note.—B anking companies must add a list of all their

places of business.

The Return must be signed at the end by a Director or by

the Manager or Secretary of the Company.

Delivered for filing by

Particulars of the ‘Directors of the

Company, Limited, at the date of the Annual Return.

■jThe

present

Christian

Name or

Names and

Surname.

Any

former

Christian

Name or

Names or

Surname.

Nationality.

Nationality

of origin

(if other

than the

present

nationality).

Usual

residential

address.

1

fOther

business

occupation

if any. If

none state

so.

* " Director " includes any person who occupies the position of a

Director by whatever name called and any person in accordance with

whose directions or instructions the Directors of a Company are

accustomed to act.

f In the case of a Corporation its corporate name and registered or

principal office should be shown.

J In the case of an individual who has no business occupation but

holds any other directorship or directorships particulars of that directorship or of some one of those directorships must be entered.

List of Persons holding Shares in the Company,

Limited, on the day of lit, and of Persons who have held Shares

therein at any time since the date of the la-t Return, or (in the ease of the first Return) of the incorporation of the Company,

showing their Names and Addresses, and an Account of the Shares so held.

N.B .—If the names in this list are not arranged in alphabetical order, an index sufficient to enable the name of any

573

1929.

Companies Act, 1929. Ch. 23.

4 - >

o

-d

<v

X

a

tv

"d

cs

p

o

"d

cti

p

o

42

5

eg

a

3

1 S* E

o 3 2

«*- © ©

S««

03 43

© © o

, d j-j

J «■»

Moo

fit

O ©

o "

Jt .

•si 2

O ’*■" ©

§ -s a

•rt ©

2 s s

Si l

3 S

+3

IS O.S

cd o C

cm. g *<

O

g-g *

§ 8.5

.9 >»

43 >>

■+» d

«« $

O CL

.3 cq

t»c S

© 03

S3 , N

o

5 °

d

i

■ai

© cC

f£ *

O tM

r

Q

S 8 o, 6o2°+7

.o S £ a g o a

fl 9 "3 5

5 «•* "C qq C3 o3 *5

■o- *

a 3

§-g

© 4i

o

73

73

.5 ©

■ a

•g 3

43 55

O

9

eg

B

3

GO

9

tD CD

U.S §

o .a §d 9 3

« Scd 3 .s

o © © -*2

Ph#^ o 3

°CM

i a

5S

3 ffl

3

73

73

73

2 §

c

CO o

fc. ©

O 43

hJ 4J 5

© fct

ctf ©

O . pn JO

* 5 fl © > *

g s fi «

g OtH g

43 00 ©

- . ©

T 3 .a i "S

2 =J3 g

5 SH

30 t © —

aj.S

»ao 4

- «44

o

<v

t D

s

o

f-l

o

-9 §73

5 2 2 ©

4 h S 5

7? © S

«*h © t«_ c3

O ctf © c

s ?S ©

g x 2 _s

a -- w

§| §2

.S-gz §

is +" 8 ■« s

4-> 43 4^ O >44

"ga-o h *

hS oi g

43 £ O ■* S H

M © n a § "

sl-S 2 3 .

-SCSI'S

.5 J)

|5 3 SE

Sill '

O O /J

£+* >.0

D bS *

■S3B-a»

3 0 " T) 4L 0

ri 3 4 tc rt

gj 9 "^ ©

om 2 Si-a c

■5 © 2 a tj s

-o3§g

■5 *>2 «H g

a a, 1

0 §*!

6th Sch.

—cent.

574

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Section 131.

Section 224.

S. 210.

S. 214.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Form of Statement to be published by Banking

and Insurance Companies and Deposit,

Provident, or Benefit Societies.

* The share capital of the company is, divided

into shares of each.

The number of shares issued is

Calls to the amount of pounds per share have been

made, under which the sum of pounds has

been received.

The liabilities of the company on the first day of January

(or July) were—

Debts owing to sundry persons by the company.

On judgment, £

On specialty, £

On notes or bills, £

On simple contracts, £

On estimated liabilities, £

The assets of the company on that day were—

Government securities [slating them]

Bills of exchange and promissory notes, £

Cash at the bankers, £

Other securities, £

* If the company haa no share capital the portion of the statement

relating to capital and shares must be omitted.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Orders Pronounced in Vacation in Scotland

WHICH ARE TO BE FlNAL.

Orders :—

As to time for proving claims.

As to the attendance of, and production of documents by,

persons indebted to, or having property of, or information as

to the affairs or property of, a company.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

575

As to meetings for ascertaining wishes of creditors or oontri-

butories.

As to summoning meetings of creditors or contributories

where a compromise is proposed.

As to the examination of witnesses in regard to the property

or affairs of a company.

Part II.

Orders Pronounced in Vacation in Scotland which

ARE TO TAKE EFFECT UNTIL RECLAIMING NOTE

DISPOSED OF.

Orders :—

Restraining or permitting commencement or continuance

of legal proceedings.

Appointing an official liquidator to fill a vacancy, or appointing (except to fill a vacancy caused by the removal of a liquidator

by the court) a liquidator for a winding up voluntarily or under

supervision.

Sanctioning the exercise of any power by an official liquidator

other than the powers specified in paragraphs (d ), (e) and (/) of

subsection (1) and the power to appoint a law agent.

Requiring the delivery of property or documents to the

official liquidator.

As to the arrest and detention of an absconding contributory

and his property.

Limiting the powers of provisional official liquidators.

For continuance of winding up under supervision.

8th Sch.

— cont.

S. 288.

S. 153.

S. 291.

Ss. 172, 177,

202, 336,

340, 341.

Ss. 188, 249,

259.

S. 191.

S. 204.

S. 218.

S. 184 (4)

S. 256,

576

s. 260.

a. 181.

s. 182.

a. 183.

s. 184.

s. 185.

s. 186.

s. 187.

s. 188 except

subs. (5).

s. 192.

s. 193.

a. 194.

8 . 195.

s. 196.

s. 197.

s. 198.

b. 199.

s. 200.

a. 201.

s. 209.

8 . 216.

s. 217.

8 . 220 .

a. 307.

Ch. 23. Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions which do not apply in the case of a Winding

Up subject to Supervision of the Court.

Statement of Companies affairs to be submitted to Official

Receiver.

Report by Official Receiver.

Power of Court to appoint Liquidator.

Appointment and powers of provisional Liquidator.

Appointment, style, &c., of Liquidators in English winding up.

Provisions where person other than Official Receiver is

appointed Liquidator.

Provisions as to Liquidators in Scottish winding up.

General provisions as to Liquidators.

Exercise and control of Liquidators’ powers in England.

Books to be kept by Liquidator in English winding up.

Payments of Liquidator in English winding up into bank.

Audit of Liquidators’ accounts in English winding up.

Control of Board of Trade over Liquidators in England.

Release of Liquidators in England.

Meeting of creditors and contributories to determine whether

committee of inspection shall be appointed.

Constitution and proceedings of committee of inspection.

Powers of Board of Trade where no committee of inspection

in England.

Additional powers of committee of inspection in Scotland.

Appointment in England of special manager.

Power in England to order public examination of promoters,

directors, &c.

Power in England to restrain fraudulent pe.sons from

managing companies.

Delegation to Liquidator of certain powers of court in

England.

Power in England to appoint Official Receiver as receiver

for debenture holders or creditors.

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

577

Suctions 313,

330, 379.

I.—By a Company having a Share Capital.

£ s. d.

For registration of a company whose nominal share

capital does not exceed 2,000l. - - 2 0 0

For registration of a company whose nominal share

capital exceeds 2,000l., the following fees, regulated

according to the amount of nominal share capital

(that is to say); £ s. d.

For every 1,000l. of nominal share

capital, or part of 1,0001., up to 5,0001. 10 0

For every 1,000l. of nominal share

capital, or part of 1,000l., after the

first 5,000l., up to 100,000l. - - 0 5 0

For every 1,000l. of nominal share

capital, or part of 1,000l., after the

first 100,000l.. 0 1 0

For registration of any increase of share capital made

after the first registration of the company, the same

foes per 1,000l., or part of a 1,000l., as would have

been payable if the increased share capital had

formed part of the original share capital at the

time of registration:

Provided that no company shall be liable to pay in

respect of nominal share capital, on registration or

afterwards, any greater amount of fees than 50/.,

tailing into account in the case of fees payable on an

increase of share capital after registration the fees

paid on registration ......

For registration of any existing company, except such

companies as are by this Act exempted from

payment of fees in respect of registration under

this Act, the same fee as is charged for registering

a new company ----

For registering any document by this Act required or

authorised to be registered or required to be delivered

sent or forwarded to the registrar other than the

memorandum or the abstract required to be delivered

to the registrar by a receiver or manager or the

statement required to be sent to the registrar by

the liquidator in a winding-up in England - - 0 5 0

For making a record of any fact by this Act required

or authorised to be recorded by the registrar - -050

Oo

TENTH SCHEDULE.

Table of Fees to be paid to the

Registrar of Companies.

578

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

IOtii Sch.

— cont.

II. —By a Company not having a Share Capital.

£ 8. d.

For registration of a company whose number of

members as stated in the articles does not exceed 25 2 0 0

For registration of a company whose number of

members as stated in the articles exceeds 25, but

does not exceed 100, the above fee of 21. with an

additional 11. for every additional 25 members or

less after the first 25.

For registration of a company whose number of

members as stated in the articles exceeds 100 but

is not stated to be unlimited, a fee of 5 1. with an

additional 5s. for every additional 50 members or

less after the first 100 -

For registration of a company in which the number of

members is stated in the articles to be unlimited - 20 0 0

For registration of any increase on the number of

members made after the registration of the

company in respect of every 50 members, or less

than 50 members, of that increase - - 0 5 0

Provided that no company shall be liable to pay on the

whole a greater fee than 201. in respect of its number

of members, taking into account the fee paid on the

first registration of the company.

For registration of any existing company, except

such companies as are by this Act exempted from

payment of fees in respect of registration under this Act, the same fee as is charged for registering a new

company.

For registering any document by this Act required or

authorised to be registered or required to be delivered, sent or forwarded to the registrar, other than

the memorandum or the abstract required to be

delivered to the registrar by a receiver or manager

or the statement required to be sent to the registrar

by the liquidator in a winding up in England - 0 5 0

For making a record of any fact by this Act required

or authorised to be recorded by the registrar - - 0 5 0

III. —By a Company to which Part XI or this Act applies.

For registering any document required to be delivered

to the registrar under Part XI of this Act, except

documents required to be delivered under section

thr»« hundred and fifty-three of this Act - 0 5 0

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Cn. 23.

579

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions referred to in Section 362 of the Act.

Provisions relating to—

Conclusiveness of certificate of incorporation;

Specific requirements as to particulars in prospectus;

Prohibition of allotment in certain cases unless statement

in lieu of prospectus delivered to registrar;

Return as to allotments;

Registration of charges created by company registered in

England;

Duty of company to register charges created by company;

Duty of company to register charges existing on property

acquired;

Application of Part III to companies incorporated

outside England;

Restrictions on commencement of business;

The particulars as to directors and indebtedness of the

company;

Statutory meeting and statutory report;

Auditors’ report and right to information and explanations;

Restrictions on appointment or advertisement of

director;

Notice by liquidator of his appointment;

Delivery to registrar of accounts of receivers and

managers;

Documents, Ac., to be delivered to registrar by companies

carrying on business in Great Britain;

Return to be delivered to registrar where documents, &c.

altered;

Balance sheet of company carrying on business in Great

Britain;

Obligation to state name of company, Ac.

Annual report by Board of Trade.

s. 362.

s. 15.

s. 35.

■. 40.

8 . 42.

s.79.

s. 80 (1 ).

R. 81.

s. 90.

s. 94.

s. 108 (3) (n)

(o).

8 . 113.

s. 134(1) (2).

s. 140.

8 . 250.

a. 310.

a. 344.

s. 346.

s. 347.

s. 348.

a. 370.

580

Ch. 23.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Section 381. TWELFTH SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 72.

The Revenue, Friendly

Societies and National

Debt Act, 1882.

Section eleven, and in the

First Schedule the words

" 7 Geo. IV. c. 46, 7 Geo.

" IV. c. 67, 7 & 8 Vict.

" c. 32, s. 21, 8 & 9 Vict.

" c. 38, s. 13."

8 Edw 7. c.69.

The Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908.

The whole Act.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 16.

The Foreign Jurisdiction

Act, 1913.

In the Schedule, the words

from " 8 Edw. 7 " to the

end.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 25.

The Companies Act, 1913

The whole Act.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 28.

The Companies (Particulars as to Directors) Act,

1917.

The whole Act.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 30.

The Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

Subsections (1), (2) and (3)

of section twenty-six.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 38.

The National Health Insurance Act, 1924.

Section one hundred and

six.

J 5 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 84.

The Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925.

In subsection (3) of section

seven, paragraphs (ii) and

(iii), the words " the

" following date, that is

" to say :—

" (a) in the first

case, " and paragraphs

(b) and (c ); sulisection

(4); in subsection (5)

the words "or the company subsection (6).

1929.

Companies Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

581

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment In-

The Fourth Schedule, so

c. 30.

surance Act, 1927.

far as it amends subsection (1) of section twenty-

six of the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

The National Health In-

Paragraph (a) of section

c. 14.

surance Act, 1928.

nineteen.

18 & 19 Geo. 5.

c. 45.

The Companies Act, 1928

The whole Act.

12th Sch.

— cont.

Part II.

Enactments saved.

.Section 3S2.

An Act to Regulate Joint Stock Banks in England

(7 & 8 Vict. c. 113, s. 47).

Every company of more than six persons established on

the sixth day of May, one thousand eight hundred and forty-four,

for the purpose of carrying on the trade or business of bankers

within the distance of sixty-five miles from London, and not

within the provisions of the Act passed in the session of the

seventh and eighth years of Queen Victoria, chapter one hundred

and thirteen, intituled " An Act to regulate Joint Stock Banks

in England, " shall have the same powers and privileges of suing

and being sued in the name of any one of the public officers of

such co-partnership as the nominal plaintiff, petitioner, or

defendant on behalf of such co-partnership; and all judgments,

decrees, and orders made and obtained in any such suit may be

enforced in like manner as is provided with respect to such

companies carrying on the said trade or business at any place in

England exceeding the distance of sixty-five miles from London

under the provisions of the Country Bankers Act, 1826, provided

that such first-mentioned company shall make out and deliver

from time to time to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue

the several accounts or returns required by the last-mentioned

Act, and all the provisions of the last-recited Act as to such

accounts or returns shall be taken to apply to the accounts or

returns so made out and delivered by such first-mentioned companies as if they had been originally included in the provisions

of the last-recited Act.

Existing

companies

to have the

powers of

suing and

being rued.

582

Ch. 23, 24.

Companies Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

12th Sch.

— cont.

Power to

form

banking

partnerships

of ten

persons.

Power of

Board of

Trade to

make orders

increasing

authorised

amount of

share capital

or of loans.

Thb Joint Stock Banking Companies Act, 1857,

Past of s. 12.

Notwithstanding anything contained in any Act passed in

the session holden in the seventh and eighth years of Queen

Victoria, chapter one hundred and thirteen, and intituled " An

Act to regulate Joint Stock Banks in England, " or in any other

Act, it shall be lawful for any number of persons, not exceeding

ten, to carry on in partnership the business of banking, in the

same manner and upon the same conditions in all respects as any

company of not more than six persons could before the passing

of the Joint Stock Banking Companies Act, 1857, have carried

on such business.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the law with respect to gas

undertakings, and for purposes connected therewith.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in any enactment (including this Act) imposing a limit on the

amount of share capital which may be raised or of

money which may be borrowed by undertakers, not

being a local authority, for the purposes of their undertaking, the Board of Trade may, on the application of

any such undertakers and subject to the provisions of this section, by order authorise the undertakers on such

conditions as may be specified in the order for the

purposes of their undertaking—

(a) to raise, at any time duiing the period of three

years after the date on which the order comes

into operation, any such amount of share

capital as may be specified in the order; and

(b) to borrow on mortgage of their undertaking

or by the creation and issue of debenture

stock any amount not exceeding the aggregate

amount of the paid up share capital of the

undertaking for the time being and of any

premiums paid in respect thereof.

1929.

Gas Undertakings Act, 1929.

Ch. 24.

583

(2) An order shall not be made under this section

except with the consent of the local authority:

Provided that if, in the opinion of the Board of

Trade, the consent of the local authority is unreasonably

withheld, the Board may, in the case of applicants who

have within the period of fifteen years preceding the

date of the application obtained in relation to their undertaking either a special Act or a provisional order confirmed by an Act, make the order notwithstanding that

such consent has not been given.

(3) An order under this section may contain such

modifications of any enactment applying to the undertakers in respect of whom the order is made, as, in the

opinion of the Board, are necessary in order to give full

effect to the order.

2. Notwithstanding anything in any enactment,

undertakers, not being a local authority, may borrow ’

for the purposes of their undertaking on mortgage of

their undertaking or by the creation and issue of debenture stock, any amount not exceeding one half of the

aggregate amount of the paid up share capital for the

time being of the undertaking and of any premiums paid

in respect thereof.

3. —(1) Section thirty-one of the Gasworks Clause-s

Act, 1847, (which provides for the formation of a reserved

fund of a limited amount) and section thirty-three of

that Act (which provides for the case where that fund

amounts to the prescribed sum) shall, in the ease of

undertakers not being a local authority, have effect as if

for the references therein to a sum equal to one-tenth

of the nominal capital of the undertakers there were

substituted references to a sum equal to one-tenth of the

aggregate amount of the paid up share capital of the

undertakers, of any premiums paid in respect thereof and

of any outstanding loans raised by the undertakers on

mortgage or by the creation and issue of debenture stock.

(2) Where any enactment applying to any such undertakers as aforesaid authorises the formation of a special

purposes fund and limits the amount of that fund by

reference to the paid up capital of the undertaking, the

said enactment shall have effect as if for the reference

to the paid up capital of the undertaking there were

substituted a reference to the aggregate amount of the

paid up share capital of the undertaking, of any premiums

paid in respect thereof and of any outstanding loans

Authorised

amount of

loans.

Increase of

authorised

amount of

reserved

fund or of

special purposes fund.

10 & 11 Vict,

c. 15.

5S4

Ch. 24.

Gas UndertaJcings Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Extension

of powers of

purchase of

residual

products.

Supply of

gas by

undertakers

to premises

outside

limits of

supply.

raised by the undertakers on mortgage or by the creation

and issue of debenture stock.

(3) Where at any time, by reason of any reduction

in the amount of outstanding loans, the amount of a

reserved fund formed by undertakers in pursuance, of the said section thirty-one is in excess of the amount

authorised by that section as amended by this section,

the amount of the excess shall forthwith be earned by

the undertakers to the credit of then net revenue

account.

(4) Any special purposes fund formed by undertakers

in pursuance of any enactment may be maintained at

any amount to which it has lawfully been raised in

pursuance of that enactment as amended by this section,

notwithstanding any subsequent reduction in the amount

of outstanding loans.

4.—(1) Any undertakers may, notwithstanding

anything to the contrary contained in any Act or Order

relating to them, purchase in such quantities as they

think fit from any company, body or person carrying on

a gas undertaking (whether with or without statutory

authority) or operating coke ovens or carrying on any

process of carbonisation or gasification of coal or coke

any residuals arising from the manufacture of gas, or the

carrying on of any such operation or process and products

arising from a primary treatment of those residuals by

such company, body or person, and may exercise in

relation to residuals or products so purchased the powers

which would have been exerciseable by them if such

residuals or products had arisen in carrying on their gas

undertaking in accordance with their statutory powers.

(2) The powers conferred by this section shall be in

addition to and not in derogation of any powers conferred

or to be conferred upon the undertakers by any special

Act.

5.—(1) The Board of Trade, if they are satisfied

that, the owner or occupier of any premises, not being

within a distance of twenty-five yards from any main

of the undertakers within whose limits of supply the

premises are situate, desires to obtain a supply of gas

from other undertakers, may, subject to the provisions

of this section, by order authorise the last mentioned

undertakers to supply gas to those premises on such

conditions as may be specified in the order.

1929.

Gas Undertakings Act, 1929.

Ch. 24.

585

(2) An order under this section may contain such

modifications of any enactment applying to the undertakers in respect of whom the order is made as, in the

opinion of the Board, are necessary in order to give full

effect to the order.

(3) An order shall not (unless, in the opinion of the

Board, consent is unreasonably withheld) be made except

with the consent of the undertakers within whose limits

of supply the premises are situate and of the local

authority within whose area the premises arc situate.

(4) [Notwithstanding anything in this section, every

order thereunder in respect of any undertakers shall

be framed so as to secure that the provisions of the

Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the

breaking up of streets for the purpose of laying pipes

shall apply in relation to pipes for the supply of gas

by the undertakers under the order as they apply in

relation to pipes for the supply of gas by the undertakers

under the enactments applying to them before the making

of the order.

6.—(1) Where any undertakers who are not authorised by any enactment or by any order under section one

of the principal Act to charge for gas according to the

number of British thermal units supplied, have, in any

year subsequent to the year nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven, supplied more than twenty million cubic

feet of gas, they shall, in respect of gas supplied by

them on or after the appointed day, charge therefor

according to the number of British thermal units supplied,

and the maximum or standard price, in respect of gas

supplied by any such undertakers on or after the

appointed day, shall be a price per therm of such an

amount as is produced by dividing by five the maximum

or standard price per thousand cubic feet authorised

immediately before the appointed day by any enactment applying to the undertakers.

(2) For the purpose of giving effect to this section,

the Board of Trade shall, in respect of each of the undertakers to whom this section applies, make an order

which may contain such provisions as are authorised

or required by subsection (4) of section one of the

principal Act to be contained in an order under that

section.

(3) Sections two, five, six, seven and nine of the

principal Act shall apply to all undertakers to whom

Undertakers

supplying

more than

a certain

quantity

of gas to

charge on

basis of

[British

thermal

units.

586

Ch. 24.

Gas Undertakings Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

this section applies as if those undertakers were undertakers with respect to whom an order under that Act

had been made and as if the provisions contained in

this section or in any order made thereunder were contained in that Act.

(4) So much of any special Act or provisional

order apptying to any such undertakers as makes provision with respect to the quality, pressure, or purity of

gas supplied by them shall, as from the appointed da} 1 -,

cease to have effect.

(5) For the purposes of this section, the appointed

day shall—

(a) as respects any undertakers who, in the year

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, have supplied more than twenty milli on cubic feet of

gas, be such day not later than the first day

of April, nineteen hundred and thirty, as the

Board of Trade may prescribe by the order

made under this section in respect of those

undertakers; and

(b) as respects any other undertakers to whom this

section applies, be the first day of January in

the second year after the year in which they

first supplied more than twenty million cubic

feet of gas.

Extension

of Board of

Trade’8

power to

make special orders

under

principal

Act.

7. The power of the Board of Trade to make special

orders under section ten of the principal Act shall include

power to make a special order—

(a) authorising the applicants therefor to construct

gasworks or manufacture or supply gas in any

area within the limits of supply of any existing

undertakers who have failed to lay down or

provide mains for the supply of gas in the

area, and prohibiting the existing undertakers

from exercising in the area any of the powers

conferred on them in respect of their undertaking;

(b) providing, where the applicants for the order

are a company authorised by any enactment

to supply water or electricity as well as gas,

that any loan lawfully raised by the company

for the pur]loses of so much of their undertaking as relates to gas may be secured by a

charge upon the whole of their undertaking;

1929.

Gas Undertakings Act, 1929.

Ch. 24.

587

(c) making provision for modifying any enactment

regulating the gas undertaking to which the

order relates by inserting therein provisions

corresponding to provisions contained in any

special Acts or provisional orders regulating

other gas undertakings:

Provided that no order shall be made under paragraph (a) of this section in relation to any area within

the limits of supply of existing undertakers unless five

years have elapsed since the date on which those undertakers first obtained their powers to lay down or provide

mains for the supply of gas in that area.

8. The amendments specified in the second column Minor

of the Schedule to this Act, being minor amendments of amendments

the principal Act, shall be made in the provisions of ° f principal

that Act specified in the first column of that Schedule. ct *

9. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, Interpreta-

the following expressions have the meanings hereby tion.

respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Debenture stock " in relation to any undertakers

means debenture stock created and issued subject

to, and in accordance with, the provisions of

Part III. of the Companies Clauses Act, 1863, 26*27 Vict,

as applying to those undertakers: c. 118.

" Enactment " includes any public general Act, any

special Act, and any provisional order confirmed

by an Act:

" Principal Act" means the Gas Regulation Act, 10 & 11

1920:Geo. 5. c. 28.

" Share capital " includes stock not being debenture

stock:

" Undertaking" means gas undertaking.

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Gas Under- Short title,

takings Act, 1929, and the principal Act and this Act citation,

may be cited together as the Gas Undertakings Acts, 1920 c onstruc-

and 1929. tio " a f d

extent.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the principal Act shall be

construed as references to that Act as amended by this Act, and this Act shall be construed as one with that

Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

5S8

Ch. 24.

Gas Undertakings Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Section. 8. SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments oe Gas Regulation Act, 1920.

Provisions

to be amended. Amendments.

Section 1 - At the end of subsection (3) there shall be

added the following provision :—

If at any time it appears to the Board

of Trade, in relation to any undertakers,

that there has since the thirtieth day of

June, nineteen hundred and fourteen,

been any increase or decrease in—

(a) the rate of interest which the

undertakers are obliged to pay

on capital raised or money

borrowed for the purposes of

their gas undertaking; or

(b) the cost to the undertakers of providing works, plant or apparatus

for the supply of gas; or

(c) the annual output of their gas

undertaking; or

(d) the efficiency with which that

undertaking has been carried on;

the Board may make an amending order

under this section revising the powers

of charging authorised by the original

order with respect to the undertakers,

in such manner as to secure that they

are not prejudiced by any such increase

or benefited by any such decrease.

In subsection (7) after the words "mercury

and " there shall be inserted the words

" (except as otherwise prescribed by the

" gas referees)."

vSection 4 - In proviso (b)to subsection (3) after the

words " within the county " there shall be

inserted the words "who are not themselves the undertakers, " and for the v orris

" that local authority " there shall be substituted the words "the local authority."

1929.

Gas Undertakings Act, 1929. Cn. 24, 25.

589

Provisions

to be amended. Amendments.

- In subsection (2) for the words "seven days "

there shall be substituted the words

" twenty-one days."

- In subsection (1) the words "on any day "

and the words "on the same day " shall be

omitted.

- For the definition of the expression "quarter

" sessions " there shall be substituted the

following definition:—

The expression "quarter sessions "

means the quarter sessions for the area

of any local authority which has failed

to appoint a gas examiner or for any

area in which the testing of gas is imperfectly attended to.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to transfer to county councils and to the

town councils of certain burghs in Scotland

functions of existing local authorities relating

to poor relief, lunacy and mental deficiency,

education, public health, and other matters;

to amend the law relating to local government

in Scotland; to extend the application of the

Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act,

1928, to lands and heritages in which no persons

are employed, to net and cruive.salmon fishings

and to minerals let but unworked; to grant

relief from rates in the case of the lands and

heritages in Scotland to which that Act

applies; to discontinue grants from the

Exchequer for certain purposes in Scotland

and to provide other grants in lieu thereof;

and for purposes consequential on the matters

aforesaid.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Section 6 -

Section 9 -

Section 18

590

Ch. 25.

Transfer of

functions

of parish

councils and

district

boards of

control.

2 Edw. 7.

c. 8.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 33.

3 Edw. 7.

c 25.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 48.

Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Local Government Administration.

Transfer of Functions.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, all

the functions of each parish council (except the functions

by this section transferred to a district council) and all

the functions of each district board of control shall be

transferred to and vest in—

(a) the county council of the county as reconstituted

in accordance with the provisions hereinafter

contained, so far as the functions relate to the

county (including the small burghs therein) or

a portion thereof; and

(b) the town council of the large burgh so far as

the functions relate to the large burgh or a

portion thereof:

Provided that any functions of a parish council

exercisable in respect of a small burgh under the Burial

Grounds Acts and the Cremation Act, 1902, and any

functions of a parish council with respect to a churchyard so far as within a small burgh vested in the council

in pursuance of subsection (6) of section thirty of the Act

of 1894 or section thirty-two of the Church of Scotland

(Property and Endowments) Act, 1925, shall be transferred

to and vest in the town council of the said burgh.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, all the

functions of the parish council of each landward parish

and of each parish containing a landward part, so far as

relating to the landward part—

(a) under Part IV of the Act of 1894;

(b) under Part V (other than subsection (6) of

section thirty) of the said Act (except in the

case of parish trusts so far as relating to the poor

or to churchyards or to burial grounds);

(c) under the Allotments Acts;

(d) under section seventy-nine of the Licensing

(Scotland) Act, 1903; and

(e) under section forty-nine of the Post Office Act,

1908;

shall be transferred to and vest in the district council

(constituted as hereinafter provided) for the district so

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. 591

Act, 1929.

far as the functions relate to the district, and any

statutory provision empowering a parish council to which

this subsection applies to make a representation shall

be construed as empowering the district council of the

district to which the representation relates to make the

representation.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, there Transfer of

shall be transferred to and vest in the county council functions to

of the county— county

(a) all the functions of the district committees of councils -

the districts within the county;

(b) the functions of town councils of small burghs

within the county as local authorities for the

purposes of the statutory provisions set out in

Part I of the First Schedule to this Act;

(c) the functions of the town councils of small burghs

within the county as highway authorities so far

as relating to classified roads;

(d) all the functions of the commissioners of supply

of the county;

(e) the functions of the town council of any burgh

under the Burial Grounds Acts and the Cremation Act, 1902, exercisable in respect of any

area outwith the burgh and within the county or

with respect to any churchyard so far as situate

outwith the burgh and within the county vested

in the council in pursuance of section thirty-

two of the Church of Scotland (Property and

Endowments) Act, 1925;

(f) the functions of the town council of any large

burgh under the Registration of Births, Deaths,

and Marriages Acts so far as relating to any area

outwith the burgh and within the county.

(2) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State by

order to transfer to the county council of a county the

functions of the town councils of the small burghs within

the county as local authorities for the purposes of any

statutory provisions (other than those set out in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act) relating to the matters

specified in Part II of the said Schedule.

(3) Where after the commencement of this Act any

road vested in the town council of a small burgh becomes

a classified road, the road shall thereupon become vested

in the county council of the county in which the burgh

is situate and the whole functions of the town council

592

I

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 40.

Transfer of

functions of

education

authorities

and of

functions

relating to

police, and

registration

of electors.

55 & 50 Vict,

c. 55.

Ch, 25. Local Government (Scotland ). 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

as highway authority so far as relating to the said road

shall be transferred to and vest in the county council, and

the Secretary of State shall by order make any provision

which may seem to him necessary for the equitable

adjustment of any liabilities of the town council relating

to the road.

(4) The county council may without prejudice to

any provision of the Income Tax Act, 1918, exercise the

power of appointing general commissioners transferred

as aforesaid from the commissioners of supply, at any

general meeting of the council the notice of which meeting

has specified the appointment as an item of business.

3.—(1) The town council of a burgh being a county

of a city shall be the education authority for the purposes

of the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1928, for that

burgh, and the county council of a county shall be the

education authority for the purposes of the said Acts for

that county, including any burgh other than a county

of a city situate therein, and the whole functions of

education authorities shall be transferred to and vest

in such town and county councils, and any reference in

any Act to an education area shall be construed

accordingly.

(2) Section five of the Act of 1926 (which contains

provisions as to the education rate) shall cease to have

effect and every such council as aforesaid shall annually

ascertain the amount of the deficiency in the education

fund of their area and such deficiency, so far as required

to be defrayed out of rates, shall be defrayed out of a

rate to be levied for the purpose in accordance with the

provisions of this Act.

(3) Section seventy-eight of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 (which relates to the appointment of a

chief constable and of constables), shall not apply except

to—

(a) a large burgh which at the date of the passing of this Act maintains a separate police force; or

(b) a burgh with respect to which it shall at any time

be proved in accordance with the said section

that it has a population of not less than fifty

thousand;

and every burgh other than as aforesaid shall be supplied

with constables by the county in which it is situate

under the provisions of the Act of 1889, and shall cease to

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

593

maintain or to be entitled to maintain a separate police

force:Provided that this subsection shall not apply

as regards any county or any burgh situate therein so

long as the Police (Scotland) Act, 1857, does not apply

to that county.

(4) Where in pursuance of the foregoing subsection

a burgh ceases to maintain a separate police force, the

provisions of this Act with regard to transfer of property

and liabilities and with regard to transfer of, and

compensation to, officers shall apply in like manner as

they apply on any transfer of functions from one

authority to another.

(5) Any agreement for the consolidation under the

Police (Scotland) Act, 1857, of the police force of any

burgh which under this section ceases to be entitled to

maintain a separate police force, and the police force

of the county, shall cease to have effect.

(6) The division of any county into police districts

under section fifty-eight of the said Act of 1857 shall

cease to exist, and that section and sections fifty-nine

and sixty of the said Act shall cease to have effect.

(7) Paragraph (8) of section forty-three of the

Representation of the People Act, 1918 (which relates

to registration officers and areas) shall have effect as if

references to large burghs were substituted for references

to the burghs therein mentioned, and where in pursuance

of this provision any burgh ceases to be a registration

area the functions of the council of that burgh as regards

registration shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed

to be transferred by this Act to the county council, and

where in pursuance of this provision any large burgh

becomes a registration area the functions of the county

council as regards registration in so far as relating to that

burgh shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be

transferred by this Act to the town council of the burgh.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Act, the functions

of a county council as local authority for the purposes of the Valuation Acts so far as relating to any large burgh

shall be transferred to and vest in the town council of

that burgh.

5. —(1) The transitory provisions contained in the

First Schedule to the Scottish Board of Health Act,

1919, shall apply with the necessary modifications in

connection with the transfer of functions from one local

Pp

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 72.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 64.

Transfer of

functions

from county-

councils to

town councils

of large

burghs.

Provisions

relating to

or consequential on

504 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

transfers 0 f authority to another by or under this Act and references

functions, in any Act of Parliament, deed, regulation or other

9 & 10 document to members or to officers of a local authority

Geo. 5. c. 20. f rQ m whom functions are transferred by or under this Act shall, so far only as necessary for the purpose of

such transfer, be construed as references to members or

to officers of the local authority to which the functions

are so transferred.

(2) Any reference to the chairman or other member

of a parish council in the constitution of any trust or other

body whether corporate or not (except where the trust

relates to a function transferred by this Act to a district

council) shall be construed as a reference to a member

appointed by the county council or the town council of the large burgh to which functions of the parish council

are transferred by this Act, and where functions of a

parish council are transferred to two or more such

councils then any such reference to the chairman or

other member of the parish council shall be construed

as a reference to a member appointed by such of the councils concerned as the councils may agree, or

failing agreement, as the Department of Health may

determine. In the case of any trust relating to a function

transferred to a district council the foregoing provisions

shall apply with the substitution of district councils for

county councils and other necessary modifications.

(3) Where in the constitution of any trust or

other body whether corporate or not, provision is made

for the appointment as trustees or members of the

governing body of one or more members of a district board

of control whose functions are by this Act transferred to

two or more transferee authorities, the General Board of

Control for Scotland may, after consultation with the trustees or governing body, by order provide for the transferee

authorities concerned jointly or a joint committee thereof

or for the transferee authorities severally nominating

trustees or members of the governing body in place of the members of the district board of control, and the

constitution of the trust or other body shall have effect

subject to the provisions of any such order.

(4) The statutory provisions regulating the election,

appointment and constitution of district boards of

control, district committees, education authorities and

parish councils or relating to the qualification or constitution of commissioners of supply shall cease to have

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

595

effect except in so far as the provisions regulating the

election of parish councils are by tins Act applied to

district councils, and the members of the said boards,

committees, authorities and parish councils shall cease

to hold office.

(5) The standing joint committee of the county

council and the commissioners of supply shall be dissolved, and section eighteen of the Act of 1889 shall cease

to have effect.

(6) On the dissolution of the standing joint committee in pursuance of the foregoing subsection, the whole

functions of that committee as the police authority for

the county shall be transferred to and vest in the county

council, and any reference in any Act to the standing

joint committee or to the police authority shall be

construed accordingly.

(7) Section sixty-seven of the Act of 1889 (which

relates to borrowing by a county council) shall have

effect as if the references to the consent of the standing

joint committee were omitted therefrom, so however

that nothing in this section shall require any consent

not required if the consent of the said committee were

obtained.

(8) Any provision in any Act of Parliament, deed,

regulation or other document whereby only persons who

are, or are qualified to be, commissioners of supply shall

be eligible for appointment to any office shall have eifect

as if such limitation were omitted.

Transfer of Property and Liabilities and of Officers.

6 . — (1)Where any functions are transferred by or Transfer of

under this Act from one local authority (hi this Act property

referred to as the transferor authority) to one or more, lia "

other local authorities (in this Act referred to as transferee, 1 Jtll T 0

> transferor

authorities), then, subject to the provisions of this Act, authorities

all property or liabilities so far as held or incurred by, or

on behalf of, the transferor authority for the purposes of

such functions (including, without prejudice to the

foregoing generality, any property and liabilities held or

incurred by a district board of control, district committee, education authority or parish council as trustees

of a trust)—

(a) if the area of the transferor authority is wholly

comprised within the area of the transferee

authority, shall be transferred to and vest in

the transferee authority; and

59G Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(b) in any other case shall be transferred to and

vest in such one of the transferee authorities

or such two or more of the transferee authorities

jointly, or be divided between any two or more

of those authorities as may be agreed between

them or, failing agreement, as the Central

Department may by order determine:

Provided that—

(i) as respects any superannuation fund established by a transferor authority being a

district board of control or parish council

where the functions of that authority are by

this Act transferred to two or more transferee

authorities, the fund shall be transferred to

and vest in the transferee authority (not being

a district council) the gross annual valuation

of whose area so far as within the area of the

transferor authority, according to the valuation roll for the year current at the passing

of this Act, exceeds the gross annual valuation

of the area of any other transferee authority

(not being a district council) so far as within

the area of the transferor authority;

(ii) as respects any trust vested in a district

board of control, or parish council where the

area of the transferor authority is within the

area of two or more transferee authorities,

the transferee authorities shall jointly be the

trustees of the trust as coming in place of the

transferor authority unless the trust relates

solely to a part of the area which is wholly

within the area of one of the transferee

authorities, in which case that transferee

authority shall be the trustees of the trust

and the property and liabilities of the trust

shall be transferred to and vest in the transferee authorities or the transferee authority

as the case may be; and

(iii) as respects any sum due and unpaid by a

transferor authority at the commencement of this Act (including any sums required by the

Department of Health to be paid before that

date under section twenty-four of this Act)

the Secretary of State may by order make

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

597

such provision for such sums being charged

only against the area to which the debt relates

or otherwise as he considers equitable.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, all property

and liabilities transferred by or in pursuance of this

section shall be held or treated as incurred by or on behalf

of the transferee authority for the same purposes and

subject to the same trusts, and in the case of property

subject to the same debts and liabilities as they were

held or incurred by or on behalf of the transferor authority,

but, save in the case of a trust constituted by deed or

other writing, or in the case of property held for the

purposes of the Public Libraries Acts, any property or

liabilities relating to a function transferred by or under

this Act shall be held or treated as incurred for the

purposes of the function so far as relating to the whole

area of the transferee authority: Provided that nothing

in this subsection shall affect the provisions of the Educa- 45 & 46 Vict,

tional Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882, and the Educa- •

tional Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1928, as respects any Ge0 5 c 3Q

trust to which those Acts apply.

(3) Where in accordance with the provisions of the

Roads and Streets in Police Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1925, 15 & 16

the town council of a small burgh has paid to a county Geo. 5. c. 82.

council a sum in redemption of their liability to make

a nn ual payments in respect of highways within the burgh,

the comity council shall, as soon as may be after the

commencement of this Act, repay to the town council the

said sum, subject to a deduction therefrom in respect of

every complete year which has elapsed since the date

at which the said sum was payable by the town council

of a sum equal to one-tenth or one-fifteenth of the said

sum according as the said highways were transferred

prior to the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

twenty-four, or after that date.

(4) If any question arises as to the custody of or

access to books, records or other documents relating to

a function transferred by or under this Act, the question

shall, if the authorities concerned fail to agree, be

determined by the Central Department.

7. — (1) The provisions of section twenty-seven of Transfer of

and the Second Schedule to the Act of 1920 (relating to officers and

transfer of and compensation to officers) shall apply for superannua-

the purposes of this Act to and as respects officers of tion funds,

transferor and transferee authorities respectively as they

598 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

applied to and as respects officers of parish councils

and rating authorities respectively, subject to the following and any other necessary modifications :—

(a) References to the passing or commencement of the said Act shall be construed as references

to the passing or commencement of this Act, as

the case may be, except where functions are

transferred under subsection (2) of section two

of this Act, in which case the references to the

passing and commencement of this Act shall

respectively be construed as references to the

date of the order made under the said subsection and the date when the transfer of

functions under the order takes effect:

(b) Subsection (1) of the said section twenty-seven

shall apply to the following officers as if they

were the officers therein specified—-

(i) every person who at the commencement

of this Act is employed as a teacher by an

education authority;

(ii) every other officer employed at the

passing of this Act by a district board of

control, district committee, education authority or parish council and still so employed

at the commencement of this Act; and

(iii) every officer who at the passing of this Act is employed bj^ a transferor authority

(other than a district board of control, district

committee, education authority or parish

council) in full-time employment in the performance of functions of the authority transferred by this Act and who is still so employed

at the commencement of this Act:

Provided that where the area of the transferor

authority is within the areas of two or more

transferee authorities, and where any such

officer as aforesaid is employed in full-time

employment in or about any institution, building

or lands belonging to a transferor authority, such

officer shall be transferred to and become an

officer of the transferee authority or authorities

to which the institution, buildings or lands are

transferred:

(r) The reference to a parish council where it last

occurs in proviso (i) to subsection (2) of the

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

599

said section twenty-seven shall be construed as

a reference to the authority having the administration of the superannuation fund therein

referred to:

(d) The second proviso to subsection (2) and paragraph (i) of subsection (8) of the said section

twenty-seven shall not apply:

(e) Any officer who was the chief constable of a

small burgh immediately before the commencement of this Act may decline to become an

officer of the transferee authority and any such

officer who shall so decline shall be entitled to

compensation without regard being had to any

offer of employment in the police force of the

transferee authority, and any such officer who

shall accept office under the transferee authority

shall, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (2) of the said section twenty-seven,

hold office on such terms and conditions as

that authority may determine:

(f) The reference to "this Act" in subsection (7)

of the said section twenty-seven shall be construed as a reference to Part I of this Act:

(g) References to a parish council, town council or

county council in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4

of the said Schedule shall be construed as

references to any local authority:

(h) Except where the transferee authority or in the

case of a claim for compensation the compensating authority in any particular case otherwise determine, any alteration made after the

twelfth day of November, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight, in the tenure or terms and

conditions on which any officer held his office at

that date or in the salary or remuneration

payable to any officer at that date shall be

deemed not to have been made unless such

alteration was made in pursuance of an agreement concluded before that date or merely

confers rights to superannuation under the

Local Government and other Officers’ Super- 12 & 13

animation Act, 1922: t.'eo 5. c. 59.

(i) In computing the service of any officer for the

purpose of an award of compensation, account

shall be taken only of the service of that officer

600 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

under any local authority after he attained the

age of eighteen years, and where the officer

held two or more offices and the claim to compensation is based on a loss of one or some only

of those offices, account shall not be taken of

service in an office which the officer continues

to hold, unless throughout the period of his

service in that office he devoted the whole of his

time to the duties of offices held by him under

one or more local authorities:

Provided that, where a claim for compensation is made by a person who, while employed

by a local authority in an office the employment in which is ordinarily regarded as full time

employment, also held another office under a

local authority and the claim is based on the

loss only of the last mentioned office, account

shall not be taken of service in the first

mentioned office:

(j) Where a person who, both at the passing and

at the commencement of this Act, is in the

full-time employment of an officer of a transferor or transferee authority (other than an

officer holding a temporary appointment) and

is engaged solely on the work of the authority,

suffers direct pecuniary loss by termination of

his employment in consequence of his employer,

if an officer of a transferor authority, not becoming an officer of the transferee authority or

if an officer of a transferee authority ceasing

to be an officer of that authority or otherwise

in consequence of anything done under, or in

pursuance of, or in consequence of this Act,

the transferee authority may in their discretion

pay to such person by way of compensation

such sum as they think proper not exceeding

the compensation which would have been payable

to him had he, while employed and engaged as

aforesaid, been in the full-time employment of the

authority of which his employer was an officer.

For the purposes of this subsection, a district council

shall be deemed not to be a transferee authority, except

as respects any officer employed by a parish council

solely for the purposes of functions transferred to the

district council.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

C01

(2) Any transferee authority to whom a superannuation fund is transferred by or in pursuance of this Act, may, and if required by the Secretary of State shall,

frame a scheme with respect to the rights and liabilities

of parties interested in the fund, and such scheme may

provide for the said fund being merged so as to form

one fund with any other superannuation fund of the

transferee authority, whether established under the

same Act or not, and for any necessary financial adjustments, and may modify or adapt the provisions of any

Act of Parliament, rules or scheme relating to any of the said funds, so however that the rights and interests

of officers in any such funds shall be adequately protected;

and any such scheme shall have effect only subject to the

approval of the Secretary of State.

(3) Where before the commencement of this Act a

transferee authority has established a superannuation

fund, the authority may, subject to the approval of the Secretary of State, by scheme provide for applying

to officers transferred by or under this Act to that

authority the Act or the rules or scheme regulating the

fund, subject to such modifications and adaptations as

may be prescribed in the scheme.

(4) Where any scheme under this section modifies

or adapts the provisions of any Act of Parliament, the

scheme shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament

as soon as may be after it is made, and if an Address is

presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament

within the next subsequent twenty-eight days on which

that House has sat after any such scheme is laid before

it praying that the scheme may be annulled, it shall

henceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity

of anything previously done thereunder or the making of

a new scheme.

Reconstitution and Election of County Councils.

8.—(1) The county council, being the authority Reconstitu-

entrusted with the management of the administrative tion of

and financial business of the county, shall be reconstituted county

in accordance with the provisions of this section. councils.

(2) The county council shall be reconstituted as

follows, that is to say:—

(a) The county council shall consist of members

elected for the landward area and of members

representing the burghs (including police burghs)

602 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

included within the county for any purpose

whether tinder this or any other Act;

(b) The members representing the landward area of the county shall be elected for the electoral

divisions of the county (not being police burghs

or part of police burghs);

(c) The members representing the burghs shall be

elected by the town councils of the burghs and

for that purpose the provisions of section eight

of the Act of 1889 shall apply with the necessary

modifications to all the burghs.

(3) For the purposes of the reconstitution of county

councils under this section, the Secretary of State shall

have power by order to determine the number of county

councillors for the county and to apportion them between

the landward area and the burghs entitled under any

Act, including this Act, to be represented on the county

council, and to determine the contents and boundaries

of electoral divisions in the county, and in making any

determination of the number or any apportionment of

county councillors the Secretary of State shall have regard

to the reduced rateable value (within the meaning of

Part III of this Act) of the landward area and the burghs

and to the matters (other than value) referred to in

section five of the Act of 1889.

(4) Before making an order under the foregoing

subsection, the Secretary of State shall cause the draft

of the proposed order to be published in such manner as

he shall determine in order to make the same known to

all persons interested, and shall consider any objections

and representations respecting the proposed order, and,

if he sees fit to do so, cause a local inquiry to be held,

and the order when made shall be forthwith published in

the Edinburgh Gazette, and in a newspaper published or

circulating in the area to which it relates.

(5) Section fifty-one of the Act of 1889 (which

relates to alteration of the number of county councillors

and of boundaries, &c.) shall have effect as if after

the words "town council, " there were inserted the

words " or of a majority of the members of a county

council elected for the landward area."

(6) No councillor representing a small burgh shall

be entitled to exercise a deliberative vote in respect of

any matter relating solely to the exercise of any function

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

603

which the comity council is not entitled to exercise

within the burgh.

(7) No councillor representing a large burgh shall

be entitled to exercise a deliberative vote except in

respect of any matter relating solely to a function which

the county council is entitled to exercise within the burgh.

(8) Any reference in any Act to the whole number

of a county council shall as regards any matter be construed as a reference to the whole number of councillors

entitled to exercise deliberative votes in respect of that

matter.

(9) Any expenses of a county council reconstituted

in accordance with the provisions of this section incurred

prior to the commencement of this Act shall be defrayed

by the county council as existing at the passing of this Act (hereinafter referred to as the existing county

council).

(10) This section shall come into operation on the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

9.—(1) The first election of members of the recon- Election of

stituted county councils for the landward areas of reconsti-

the counties shall take place on the first Tuesday of tutedcounty

December in the year nineteen hundred and twenty- counci 3 -

nine, and the members so elected shall hold office mi til

the next election of members in pursuance of the Act

of 1889 which election shall take place on the first

Tuesday of December, nineteen hundred and thirty-two,

and subsequent elections shall take place on the said first

Tuesday of December in every third year thereafter:

Provided that any reference in any Act to a triennial

election of county councillors shall be deemed not to

include a reference to the first election of members of the

reconstituted county council to be held in pursuance of this subsection.

(2) Section seven of the Act of 1889 (which relates

to the qualification of county councillors), so far as

unrepealed, and section one of the County, Town, and 4&5 Geo 5.

Parish Councils (Qualification) (Scotland) Act, 1914, so c - 39.

far as relating to county councils, shall cease to have

effect, and no person shall be qualified to be elected or

to be a county councillor for an electoral division of a

county unless—

(a) he is at the time of the election registered as an

elector entitled to vote at an election of a

G04

Ch. 25.

Provisions

for uniting

burghs and

combining

counties for

certain purposes.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

county councillor for an electoral division of the

county or as an elector-entitled to vote at an

election of town councillors of any burgh included within the county for any purpose; or

(b) is a person of full age and not subject to any

legal incapacity and has, during the whole of the

twelve months preceding the election, resided

within the county, including any such burgh as

aforesaid.

(3) The members of a reconstituted county council

first elected under this Act shall not enter on their duties

or become the county council until the sixteenth day of

May, nineteen hundred and thirty, except for the purposes

of sections twelve and fourteen of this Act, and for the

purpose of anything necessary to bring this Act into full

operation on the said day.

(4) The members of an existing county council

shall go out of office on the sixteenth day of May, nineteen

hundred and thirty.

(5) This section shall come into operation on

the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine.

Combination of and Delegation by Local Authorities.

10.—(1) The provisions of the Second Schedule to

this Act shall have effect for the purpose of uniting the

burghs therein mentioned in the manner therein set

forth.

(2) Any two or more burghs united in pursuance

of the foregoing subsection shall cease to be separate

burghs and shall for all purposes whatsoever become one

burgh (hereinafter in this section referred to as a united

burgh).

(3) Where a burgh being a royal burgh is united in

pursuance of this section with a burgh other than a

royal burgh, the royalty of the royal burgh shall be

extended to comprehend the burgh other than the royal

burgh, and where any burgh included in a united burgh

is for the purpose of any statutory provision a parliamentary burgh the united burgh shall for the purpose of

such statutory provision be deemed to be a parliamentary

burgh.

(4) An election of town councillors of every united

burgh shall take place in manner directed by the

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. (305

Act, 1929.

enactments relating to the election of town councillors

on the first Tuesday of November in the year nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine and all the town councillors

of every burgh included in any united burgh in office on

the day preceding the said day shall go out of office on

the said day:

Provided that, in the case where there is in force, as

regards one of the burghs included in a united burgh, an

order under section seven of the Town Councils (Scotland) 3 Edw. 7.

Act 1903, fixing a day other than the first Tuesday of c. 34.

November for the annual retiral and election of councillors,

such order shall in the aforesaid year be deemed to

apply to each of the other burghs included in such united

burgh, and the foregoing provisions of this subsection

shall apply with the substitution of the day so fixed for

the first Tuesday of November.

(5) Where two or more burghs are united in

pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section,

the Secretary of State may, by order, make provision for

determining the number of councillors and magistrates

to be elected for the united burgh, and, where it appears

expedient, for the division of such burgh into wards and

polling districts.

(6) Where two or more burghs are united in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section, the

whole functions of the councils of such burghs shall be

transferred to and vest in the council of the united

burgh, and the provisions of this Act relating to the

transfer of and compensation to officers shall apply in

like manner as they apply in the case of officers of parish

councils.

(7) There shall be combined for the purposes after

mentioned—

(i) the county of Kinross with the county of

Perth;

(ii) the county of Naim with the county of

Moray;

and for those purposes the following provisions shall

have effect:—

(a) The combination shall have effect for every

purpose for which any small burgh is by virtue

of this Act included within a county and for no

other purpose;

606 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(b) The members of the county councils (reconstituted

in accordance with the provisions of this Act) of the two counties forming the combined county

shall, for the purposes aforesaid, form a joint

county council for the combined county, and the

provisions of any Act with respect to county

councils shall apply with any necessary modifications to the joint county council;

(c) For the purposes of this Act so far as relating to

functions for which the combination shall have

effect, the joint county council shall be the

transferee authority instead of the county

councils of the two counties, and any such

functions vested at the commencement of this Act in either of the county councils of the two

counties shall be transferred to and vest in the

joint county council;

(d) The combined county and the joint county

council shall be the county and the county

council respectively for the purposes of the

provisions of Part III of this Act relating to the

county apportionment and the General, Additional and Supplementary Exchequer Grants

and the separate counties and the county

councils thereof shall be the counties and the

county councils respectively for the purposes

of the provisions of the said Part relating to the

Landward General Exchequer Grants and the

other provisions of the said Part shall have

effect accordingly;

(c) The expenses of the joint county council, so

far as requiring to be apportioned and allocated

between the landward parts of the two separate

counties, shall be so apportioned and allocated

between the two county councils in like

manner as expenses are apportioned and allocated for the purpose of ascertaining the

contributions of small burghs to a county

council, and the provisions of subsection (2) of

section twenty-one of this Act shall, with the

necessary modifications, apply to the sums so

apportioned and allocated;

(f) Subject to the provisions of their administrative

schemes, the joint county council may delegate

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

607

any of their functions to the county council of

either county as if such council were a committee

of the joint county council.

(8) This section shall come into operation—

(a) on the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, for the purpose of the

election of town councillors of united burghs;

and

(b) on the fifth day of November, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, so far as otherwise relating

to burghs and so far as relating to counties for

the purposes of sections twelve and fourteen

of this Act.

11.—(1) Any two or more local authorities may

combine for any purpose in which they are jointly

interested and that on such terms and conditions as may

be agreed between them, and any such agreement may

provide for the appointment of a joint committee of the

authorities concerned.

(2) It shall be lawful for the Central Department on

the application of a local authority, if it shall appear to

the Department that the combination of that authority

with any other local authority or authorities for any

purpose would be of public or local advantage, to make

an order combining the areas of the local authorities

or parts thereof for the purpose specified therein:

Provided that an order shall not be made under this

subsection except after a local inquiry, unless all the

local authorities concerned consent.

(3) Any such order shall define the powers, rights,

duties, liabilities and obligations of the local authorities

and the mode of defraying the expenses of the combination

and may provide for the appointment of a joint committee, for the transfer of any property or liabilities held

or incurred by or on behalf of any of the authorities

concerned for the purpose for which the combination

shall have effect, and for any other matter or thing which

it appears necessary or proper to regulate for the better

carrying into effect of the order.

(4) Where a district asylum or institution for mental

defectives has been provided by a district board of

control whose functions are by this Act transferred to

two or more transferee authorities, or where it appears

to the Genera] Board of Control for Scotland to be

Provisions

as to

combination of local

authorities.

608 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

necessary for the purpose of any statutory provision

relating to a particular district board that there should

be a combination of the two or more transferee authorities

to which the functions of that district board are by this Act transferred, then, unless the transferee authorities,

with the approval of the General Board of Control for

Scotland, otherwise agree in the case where any such

asylum or institution has been provided as aforesaid,

such transferee authorities shall be deemed to have

combined for the provision and maintenance of such

asylum or institution or for the purpose of the said

statutory provision, as the case may be, and that on

such terms and conditions as the transferee authorities

may agree and, failing agreement, as the General Board

of Control for Scotland may by order determine.

(5) Where any transferor authority is, as respects

functions transferred by or under t his Act, immediately

before such transfer of functions takes effect included in

a combination of local authorities, the combination

shall be deemed to continue and the transferee authority

shall be deemed to have entered into the combination,

subject to the modification that, notwithstanding

anything in any Act of Parliament or the agreement, order, or other document regulating the combination, the transferee authority may, with the consent of the Central Department, at any time before

the expiration of two years after the transfer of functions

takes effect, on giving not less than six months previous

notice in writing to all the other local authorities

included in the combination, withdraw from the combination on such terms and conditions as may be agreed

upon between the authorities and, failing agreement,

as the Central Department may by order determine.

(6) In the case of any registration district which is

not wholly within the area of any one local authority

under the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages

Acts or in the case of any churchyard which is not wholly

within the area of one local authority under the Burial

Grounds Acts, the local authorities concerned shall be

deemed to have combined for the purposes of those Acts

as respects the registration district or the churchyard,

as the case may be, and that on such terms and

conditions as the authorities concerned may agree and,

failing agreement, as the Central Department may by

order determine.

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. 609

Act, 1929.

(7) Where in any Act of Parliament, agreement,

order or other document regulating a combination of

local authorities reference is made to the gross annual or

other valuation of the areas of the authorities concerned

(whether for the purpose of defraying the expenses of the

combination or otherwise) then, unless the Central Department on the application of any of the authorities otherwise

determine for all or any of the purposes of the combination, the reference shall as respects the year beginning on

the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty,

and subsequent years, be construed as a reference to the

rateable valuation of the areas of the authorities.

(8) Notwithstanding anything in any order for

combining local authorities for the provision of sanatoria

and other institutions under subsection (3) of section

sixty-four of the National Insurance Act, 1911, no l&2 Geo. 5.

small burgh shall be entitled to receive direct repre- c - 55 -

sentation on any joint committee, joint board or other

body thereby constituted, and the provisions of subsection (4) of section forty-one of the National Insurance 3 & 4 Geo. 5.

Act, 1913, shall cease to have effect. c - 37 -

(9) On the dissolution of any combination of local

authorities, then, unless the authorities otherwise agree,

the Central Department shall, except where they consider

no provision necessary, make an order regulating the

rights and liabilities of the local authorities concerned

and containing such other provisions as are necessary or

proper in the circumstances.

(10) Nothing in this section shall authorise a combination of local authorities for any purpose in regard

to which provision is made by any other Act for

combination of local authorities whether by the appointment of a joint committee or by other provision for

the joint exercise of powers, with the sanction of or on

an order made by a Government department or the

Electricity Commissioners.

12.—(1) Each county council reconstituted in ac- Commit-

cordance with the provisions of this Act, and the town tees,

council of each burgh being a county of a city shall have

a committee, to be known as the education committee,

and to be constituted in accordance with a scheme made

by the council and the provisions of subsection (1)

(including the proviso thereto) and subsections (8), (9),

and (10) of section fourteen of this Act shall, with the

Q q

010 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

substitution of the Scottish Education Department for

the Secretary of State and of the fifteenth day of

January for the thirty-first day of March and any other

necessary modifications apply to a scheme under this

subsection. The Scottish Education Department before

approving such a scheme shall require the council to

publish the scheme in such manner as to make the same

known to persons interested.

(2) Every such reconstituted county council shall

appoint committees for the purposes of their functions

relating to (a) police and (b) poor law, and any reference

in any Act to the police committee shall be construed as a

reference to the first-mentioned committee.

(3) (a) Except where for the purpose of co-ordinating

the services provided by the council it is otherwise

specified in the appropriate administrative scheme, all

matters relating to the exercise by a county council

of their functions (other than functions relating to the

raising of money by rate or loan) relating to (a) education,

(b) police, and (c) poor law, shall stand referred to

the appropriate committee, and all matters relating

to the exercise by the town council of a burgh being

a county of a city of their functions (other than as

aforesaid) relating to education, shall stand referred

to the education committee, and the county or town

council, as the case may be, before exercising any

such functions, shall, unless in their opinion the matter

is urgent, receive and consider the report of the appropriate committee with respect to the matter in question.

(b) All matters relating to the provision of instruction

in religion in terms of section seven of the Education

(Scotland) Act, 1918, shall stand referred to the education

committee and the council, before exercising any function

relating to such instruction shall, unless in their opinion

the matter is urgent, receive and consider the report of the education committee with respect to the matter in

question.

(c) Save as otherwise provided in this section, the

county or town council may also delegate to the

appropriate committee with or without any restrictions

or conditions as they think fit any of the aforesaid

functions. Where a county or town council delegate to

their education committee the power of dismissing a

certificated teacher from their service, the provisions of

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. 611

Act, 1929.

subsection (1) of section twenty-four of the Education 8&9 Geo.5.

(Scotland) Act, 1918, shall apply with the substitution c 48.

of the education committee for the education authority.

(4) Every scheme constituting an education committee shall provide—

(a) for the appointment by the county or town

council of at least a majority of the committee

from persons who are members of the council;

(b) for the appointment by the council of persons

of experience in education and of persons

acquainted with the needs of the various kinds of

schools in the area for which the council act,

including—

(i) in all cases at least two persons interested

in the promotion of religious instruction in

terms of section seven of the Education

(Scotland) Act, 1918, to be nominated by a

meeting of representatives of the churches

or denominational bodies (other than those

having a right to nominate as hereinafter in

this paragraph provided for) having duly constituted charges or other regularly appointed

places of worship within the area, and the

scheme shall prescribe the constitution of the

meeting and the manner of convening it; and

(ii) in the case of a council maintaining

any school transferred or established under

section eighteen of the Education (Scotland)

Act, 1918, to which school the conditions

prescribed in subsection (3) of the said

section continue to apply, at least one representative nominated by the church or

denominational body by whom the teachers

in the school are required to be approved as

regards religious belief and character;

(c) for the inclusion of women as well as men among

the members of the committee; and

(d) as respects the first education committee to be

appointed, for the inclusion of one or more

members of the outgoing education authority.

(5) Any committee of a town council (other than

an education committee or a school management committee under section three of the Education (Scotland)

612 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Act, 1918) which is appointed for the purpose of any

function to which an administrative scheme under this Act applies, may to an extent not exceeding one-third

of the members consist of persons (not being members

of the council) who have special knowledge or experience

in regard to the functions of the committee, and any

committee appointed by a town council for the purposes

of poor law within one year after the commencement

of this Act, shall include one or more members of outgoing

parish councils.

(6) No county or town council shall delegate to any

committee the power of raising money by rate or loan

or of incurring capital expenditure.

(7) Subject to any regulations or directions by the

county or town council, any committee of the council

appointed for the purpose of any function to which

an administrative scheme under this Act applies may

appoint sub-committees and may delegate to such subcommittees any of the functions of the committee,

and any such sub-committee may consist in part of

persons not being members of the committee, but at

least two-thirds of the members of any such sub-committee

shall be members of the council:

Provided that—

(i) a person who is not a member of the council

or of the committee shall not be appointed

to any sub-committee except with the consent of the council;

(ii) a sub-committee of the education committee

of a council may consist, to an extent not

exceeding one half, of persons who are not

members of the council;

(iii) the education committee of a council shall not

so delegate any function in regard to—

(a) the appointment, transfer, remuneration or dismissal of teachers; or

(b) the appointment of bursars or the

exercise of the functions under section four

of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918; or

(c) the recognition, establishment or discontinuance of schools or of centres of

advanced technical instruction; and

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

613

(iv) the provisions of this subsection requiring

a minimum number of the members of a subcommittee to be members of the council shall

not apply in the case of a sub-committee

appointed by a school management committee.

(8) Subsection (2) of section nine of the Act of 1889

(which relates to disqualification for being councillors)

shall have effect as if any reference to the committee

therein mentioned included a reference to any committee

and to any sub-committee of the county council, and

section thirteen of the Tovm Councils (Scotland) Act, 63 & 64

1900 (other than paragraphs (1) and (2) thereof), shall Vict. c. 49.

have effect as if references to the council and to a

councillor respectively included references to any committee and any sub-committee of the town council and

to a member of any such committee or sub-committee:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall apply

as regards the appointment of teachers to a school

management committee in pursuance of section three of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

(9) This section shall come into operation on the

third day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine.

13.—(1) A county council may on such terms and Power of

conditions as the councils concerned may agree appoint— delegation

(a) the town council of any small burgh within the council

county, or

(b) the district council of a district within the

county, or

(c) a joint committee of such a town council and

district council (of which joint committee the

members of the county council for the burgh

and district shall be members),

to act as the agents of the county council to carry out

any function (other than a function relating to education

or police) vested in the county council and exerciseable

within the small burgh or district or small burgh and

district, as the case may be, so however that a function

relating to any form of medical or surgical treatment

shall not be so delegated except with the approval of the

Central Department, and, subject to the terms of appointment, a council or committee so acting as agent may act

through a committee or sub-committee thereof.

614

Schemes

for administration of

functions.

Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(2) Any council so acting as agent or having representation on any such joint committee may contribute

towards the expenses incurred by the council or committee

in so acting as agent, and any such contribution by a

town council may be defrayed out of such rate leviable

by the council and payable by owners and occupiers in

equal proportions as the council may determine.

Schemes for Administration.

14.—(1) The county council of every county and

the town council of every large burgh shall on or before

the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

thirty, prepare and submit to the Secretary of State

for his approval a scheme or schemes of administrative

arrangements (in this Act referred to as administrative

schemes) proposed to be made for discharging throughout

their area the functions of the council relating to

(a) education, (6) poor law, (c) public health, (d) lunacy

and mental deficiency, and (e) in the case of a coimty

council, roads, and for that purpose every transferor

authority and their officers shall give to the transferee

authority such information with respect to existing

arrangements as the transferee authority may require:

Provided that the council in preparing the administrative scheme so far as relating to education shall

consult with the education authority of the area.

(2) Any administrative scheme may and shall, if

the Secretary of State so requires, provide that the

council shall appoint a committee or committees for

the purposes of any functions to which the scheme

relates, that such matters as may be specified in the

scheme shall stand referred to such committee or

committees, and that the council before exercising any

function relating to a matter so standing referred shall,

unless in their opinion the matter is urgent, receive and

consider the report of the committee with respect to

the matter in question.

(3) Every administrative scheme (other than a

scheme relating to education) made by a coimty council

may provide for the county council appointing to act

as agents of the council, the town council of any small

burgh within the county or the district council of a

district within the county or a joint committee of such

a town council and district council (of which joint

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. 015

Act, 1929.

committee the members of the county council for the

burgh and district shall be members), to carry out the

functions specified in the scheme so far as exercisable

within the small burgh or district or small burgh and

district as the case may be, but subject always to the

terms and conditions set forth in the scheme.

(4) An administrative scheme may provide that any

assistance to winch this subsection applies, which might

after the commencement of this Act be provided either

by way of poor relief or by virtue of any enactment other

than the Poor Law Acts, shall be provided exclusively

under and by virtue of the enactments other than the

Poor Law Acts and not by way of poor relief, but nothing

in this subsection or in any scheme shall diminish or

otherwise affect the duty of the council to provide relief

for the poor.

The assistance to which this subsection applies

shall be the maintenance and treatment of sick persons,

including, without prejudice to the said generality,

persons suffering from any infectious or other disease,

or persons mentally deficient, or the provision made

for the health of expectant mothers, nursing mothers,

or children under five years of age, or for blind persons,

or for the feeding, clothing and treatment of school

children.

(5) Every administrative scheme relating to education made by the council of a county within which a

large burgh is included for the purpose of education shall,

unless the county council and the town council of the

large burgh otherwise agree, make provision whereby

for the purpose of the medical inspection, supervision,

and treatment of the children attending the schools

within the burgh the county council shall utilise to

such extent, and on such terms and conditions as the

councils agree or, failing agreement, as the Department

of Health determine, the medical and nursing staff of the

town council and the clinics and hospitals, under the

control of that council. The county council before

making any such scheme and the Department before

approving any such scheme shall consult with the town

council, and any such scheme, when so approved, shall

be binding on the town council.

(6) In order to meet as far as practicable the interests

and convenience of the county council, the town council

of the small burgh concerned and the inhabitants thereof.

616 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

every administrative scheme of a county council relating

to roads shall make provision with respect to the opening

or breaking up of any classified road within a small burgh

whether by the county council for the purpose of reconstructing, repairing or maintaining the road, or by the

town council for the purpose of laying, replacing, repairing,

or maintaining water, sewer, gas, or other pipes or electric

cables or other like things under the said road.

(7) In any case where the Public Libraries Acts

are in operation with in any part of the landward area of

a county, the administrative scheme of the county

council relating to education may provide for the

administration of the said Acts throughout the areas

within which they are in operation being under the

general supervision of the education committee, for the

appointment as a library committee for each of the said

areas of the district council of the district or of a committee consisting to the extent of not less than one-third

and not more than one-half of persons who, not being

members of the education committee, are resident within

the area, and for the functions of the committees under

the said Acts being exercised by the education committee

or the library committees as specified in the scheme, and

where the scheme makes such provision as aforesaid the

provisions of the Public Libraries Acts relating to the

appointment of committees shall not apply.

(8) The Secretary of State may approve the scheme

either as submitted or with such modifications and

amendments as he thinks proper, and upon approval

the council shall discharge their functions throughout

their area in accordance with the scheme.

(9) If a county or town council fail by the date

aforesaid to submit to the Secretary of State a scheme

in accordance with the provisions of this section, he

may, after consultation with such authorities as appear

to him to be interested, himself make a scheme for the

purpose, but before making such scheme he shall publish

in one or more newspapers published or circulating in the

area to which the scheme relates a notice stating his

intention to make a scheme, and that a copy of the draft

scheme is open to inspection at a specified place, and that

representations thereon may be made to him within

fourteen days after the publication of the notice, and

shall consider any representations which may be submitted

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

617

to him within that period, and any scheme so made shall

have effect as if it were a scheme submitted by the

council and approved by him.

(10) Any scheme submitted by a council and approved

by the Secretary of State as aforesaid may be revoked

or varied by a new scheme submitted and approved in

accordance with the foregoing provisions, and any

scheme made by the Secretary of State as hereinbefore

provided may be revoked or varied by a new scheme

submitted by the council to which it relates and approved

by the Secretary of State, or by a new scheme made by

the Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions

hereinbefore contained.

(11) This section shall come into operation on the

third day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine.

Accounts, Bates and Borrowing.

15.—(1) The provisions set out in the Third Schedule Audit and

to this Act shall have effect with respect to the audit accounts,

of the accounts of every county council and of every

town council for the year beginning on the sixteenth day

of May nineteen hundred and thirty, and for every

subsequent year, and the provisions of any enactment

so far as inconsistent with the provisions of the said

Schedule shall not apply with respect to the accounts

of any such council for those years. In the case of a

council whose financial year begins on a day other than

the sixteenth day of May, the foregoing provisions shall

have effect with the substitution of that other day for

the sixteenth day of May.

(2) The statutory provisions with respect to accounts

and budget applicable to a county council or a town

council shall apply as regards all functions transferred

to the council by or under this Act.

(3) For the purposes of the making up, balancing

and audit of the accounts for the year ending on the

fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty, of

district boards of control, education authorities and

parish councils, the statutory provisions relating to the

accounts and the audit of accounts of the said boards,

authorities and councils shall have effect subject to such

necessary modifications as the Central Department may

by order prescribe.

618

Ch. 25.

Expenditure

by local

authorities

on public

utility

schemes.

Payment by

county

councils of

travelling

expenses,

&c.

8 Edw, 7.

o. 03.

Rates

relating to

transferred

functions.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

16 . —(1) A county or town council may, subject to

the approval of the Secretary of State, make any payment

for the purpose of any scheme of public utility, so however that the total payments so made by the council

in any year shall not exceed a sum representing the

produce of a rate of one penny per pound on the rateable

valuation of the area of the council.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall apply

to any payment made for the purpose of any scheme

of public utility in pursuance of any power otherwise

competent to the council.

(3) Any payment made under this section shall be

defrayed out of such rate payable by owners and

occupiers in equal proportions as the council may

determine.

17. —(1) It shall be lawful for a county council to

incur expenditure in paying allowances at rates not exceeding those set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act

in respect of travelling and other personal expenses

necessarily incurred and time necessarily lost from

ordinary employment by members of the council or of any

committee or sub-committee thereof in attending meetings

of such council, committee or sub-committee.

(2) Any such expenditure as aforesaid incurred in

respect of meetings of the council shall be defrayed in

like maimer as general administrative expenses of the

council, and any expenditure incurred in respect of

meetings of a committee or of any sub-committee shall

be defrayed in like manner as expenditure on the

functions for which the committee or sub-committee is

appointed.

(3) Any reference in the foregoing provisions of this section to a committee shall be deemed to include

a reference to a local advisory council for the purposes

of education, and subsection (7) of section three of the

Education (Scotland) Act, 1908, as adapted by section

thirty-two of and the Fifth Schedule to the Education

(Scotland) Act, 1918, in so far as it relates to expenses or

allowances in respect of attendance at meetings shall

cease to have effect.

18. —(1) Any sums required to be raised by rate for

the purpose of any function transferred by or under this Act shall, notwithstanding any provision in any Act, be

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

019

ascertained by reference to the expenses of the transferee

authority in discharging the function throughout their

area:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall

apply—

(a) in any case with respect to which provision has

been made by a local Act where the Secretary

of State by order so provides; and

(b) in the case of a special district rate.

(2) The expenditure on functions transferred by

subsection (1) of section one of this Act from parish

councils shall (so far as falling to be defrayed out of rates)

be defrayed out of rates to be levied for the purpose in

accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(3) The expenses incurred under the Lunacy Acts

and the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 3&4 Geo. 5.

1913, by county councils and town councils of large °-

burghs as coming in place of district boards of control

and parish councils (so far as falling to be defrayed out

of rates) shall be defrayed out of a rate to be levied for

the purpose in accordance with the provisions of this Act and the provisions of the said Acts so far as inconsistent herewith shall cease to have effect:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall

prevent a county or town council from recovering from

the council of the area of the settlement of a lunatic or

mental defective the expenses incurred by them in

relation to such lunatic or mental defective.

(4) The limit of the rate of one shilling in the pound

on the public health general assessment under section

one hundred and thirty-seven of the Public Health <50 & 61

(Scotland) Act, 1897, shall cease to have effect. Vicfc - c -

(5) The proviso to section five of the Education

(Scotland) Act, 1918 (which relates to burghs or parishes

in which a library rate is levied) shall cease to have

effect.

(6) All expenses of and relating to churchyards

vested prior to the commencement of this Act in a

parish council shall be defrayed as expenses under the

Burial Grounds Acts, and the provisions of subsection (6)

of section thirty of the Act of 1894 and of section thirty -

two of the Church of Scotland (Property and Endowments)

Act, 1925, shall cease to have effect so far as inconsistent

herewith.

620

Ch. 25.

Consolidated rate.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

19.—(1) All rates leviable by a rating authority

throughout the whole area of that authority whether

under the provisions of a public general Act or of a local

Act shall be levied and recovered as one rate to be

known as the consolidated rate of the area of such rating

authorffy, and such consolidated rate shall be divided

between owners and occupiers in the same proportions

as the total amount of the separate rates would have

been divided between owners and occupiers had they

been separately levied:

Provided that—

(a) except so far as the Secretary of State by order

so directs, this subsection shall not apply to

water rates leviable under the provisions of

any local Act, which water rates shall continue

to be leviable as separate rates; and

(b) where statutory provision is made in the case of

any lands and heritages for a total or partial

exemption from any rate included in the

consolidated rate, the Secretary of State may,

on the application of the rating authority or of

any person interested, by order, provide that in

lieu of such exemption only such portion of the consolidated rate as is specified in the

order shall be leviable in respect of the said

lands and heritages and the statutory provision shall have effect subject to the provisions

of any such order.

(2) The total monies raised by the consolidated rate

and all other revenues receivable by the rating authority

shall be paid in the case of a burgh into a fund to be

called " the burgh fund " and the expenditure of the town

council payable out of rates for each branch of expenditure

shall be defrayed out of such fund.

(3) Except where otherwise provided with respect

to any rate, all rates shall be payable by owners and

occupiers in equal proportions.

(4) Every demand note in respect of the consolidated

rate shall, instead of showing the amount in the pound

of or in respect of each separate rate, show the amount

of the expenditure under each of the branches prescribed

by the Secretary of State which is being defrayed out

of the said rate and grants under Part III of this Act, and

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

621

subsection (2) of section sixty-two of the Act of 1889

and subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the Act of

1926 (which relate to demand notes) shall have effect

accordingly.

(5) Any enactment imposing a limit on the amount

per pound of any rate to which the provisions of subsection (1) of this section apply shall be construed as if

the limit imposed thereby were a limitation of the amount

of the expenditure under the appropriate branch to be

defrayed in any financial year out of rates and grants

under Part III of this Act to a sum representing the

produce of a rate of the amount specified in the enactment

on the gross annual valuation of the area to which the

expenditure relates.

(6) Subsection (5) of section sixty-two of the Act

of 1889 (which relates to the remedies and provisions for

recovery of rates under that Act) shall apply to the

consolidated rate leviable under this section by a county

council.

(7) In the case of a burgh not being a burgh to

which the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, applies,

the statutory provisions applicable to the burgh relating

to the collection and recovery of rates, including, without

prejudice to the said generality, the provisions relating

to preferences and to penalties in respect of the nonpayment of rates by a prescribed date shall, with any

necessary modifications, apply to the consolidated rate

leviable by the town council of the burgh under this

section.

20 . Subsection (6) of section seven of the House Amendment

Letting and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1911 (which relates of 1 & 2

to deduction to cover cost of collection to be allowed to Geo. 5.

owners from occupiers’ assessments levied on and c - 53 . s. 7(G)

recovered from the owners) shall from and after the

fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine,

have effect subject to the following amendments :—

(a) The words " in the city of Glasgow two pounds

" ten shillings per centum; and elsewhere, "

and the words "except in the city of Glasgow, "

shall be omitted; and

(b) The words " five pounds, " shall be substituted

for the words "two pounds ten shillings, "

wherever they occur.

022

Contributions by

burghs to

county

council

Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

21.—(1) Subsections (3) and (4) of section sixty

of the Act of 18S9 and section ten of the Act of

1926 (which relate to contributions by burghs to the

county fund) shall cease to have effect, and the expenditure (to which this subsection applies) of the county

council for each purpose for which any burgh is

included within a county, whether under this or any

other Act, shall be apportioned and allocated as between

each such burgh and the landward part of the county

according to the rateable valuation in the valuation

roll of the respective areas so far as within the

county, and the amount of the contribution apportioned and allocated to a burgh shall not be rated

for by the county council on the several lands and

heritages within the burgh but, except in so far as

defrayed out of the common good or other revenues of the burgh, shall be paid by the town council out of such

rate payable by owners and occupiers in equal proportions

as the town council may determine.

The expenditure to which this subsection applies

is, in the case of a large burgh, expenditure which falls

to be met out of rates and grants under Part III of this Act, and in the case of a small burgh, expenditure which

falls to be met out of rates.

(2) The county council annually, and not later than

the fifteenth day of July in each year, shall cause a

requisition to be sent to the town council of each burgh

included within the county for any purpose requiring

them to pay the sum apportioned and allocated as

aforesaid to the burgh, and the town council shall at

such intervals and by such instalments as they and the

county council may agree and, failing agreement, as the

Secretary of State may determine, pay over to the

county council the sum so requisitioned without any

reduction whatever, so however that the last instalment

shall be payable not later than the first day of May.

(3) The statutory powers of a town council to

borrow temporarily for their current annual expenses

shall be deemed to include power to borrow for the

purpose of paying any such instalments as aforesaid.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the Act of 1889,

where a police burgh is for the purposes of any Act held

not to be within the county, the town council of the burgh

shall not be liable to contribute towards the expenses of the county council under that Act.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

623

22 . Notwithstanding anything in the provisions of this Act, the contribution towards expenditure for the

administration of the police apportioned and allocated to

any burgh which is supplied with constables by the

county, shall not be paid by the town council of such

burgh out of any rate to which such contribution or such

expenditure would not have been chargeable if this Act

had not passed.

23 . — (1) Any sums borrowed after the commencement of this Act by a county or town council under

powers conferred by any enactment whether passed

before or after the commencement of this Act shall be

borrowed upon the security of all funds, rates and

revenues of the council, and all sums borrowed before

the commencement of this Act by any such council

on the security of any specified rate shall be deemed to

have been borrowed upon the security of all the funds,

rates and revenues of the council liable in repayment of the sums outstanding:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

construed as preventing the borrowing of money for the

purposes of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, on local

bonds in terms of that Act, or shall allect the common

good of a burgh or the revenues thereof or any existing

power to borrow on the security of such common good

or revenues.

(2) Every enactment authorising a county or town

council to borrow money for the purpose of meeting any

expenditure of a capital nature shall have effect as if it

provided that the council shall not, without the consent of the Central Department, so borrow unless the resolution to borrow has been agreed to by tw r o-thirds of the

members of the council present and voting at the

meeting at which such resolution is passed.

24 . — (1)For the purpose of affording relief to the

county councils and the town councils of large burghs

to whom liabilities in respect of loans (including overdrafts) raised by parish councils under section two of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act,

1921, are transferred under this Act, the following

provisions shall have effect with respect to such loans :—

(a) The Department of Health shall, in the case of

each county and large burgh to the council of

Contributions by

burghs to

police expenditure.

Provision as

to borrowing

by county

or town

council.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 15.

Mitigation

of liability

of county

councils

and town

councils of

large burghs

for temporary loans

raised under

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. C4.

624 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

which liability for any such loan is transferred

under this Act, certify the amount of the liability

on account of the loan outstanding at the commencement of this Act, after deducting therefrom

such amount (if any) as represents sums required

by the Department to he paid by a parish council

before the commencement of this Act which have

not been so paid;

(b) Where any such loan is a loan made by the

Scottish Board of Health, the sum so certified

with respect to the loan shall he repaid without

interest to the Department by the council

liable therefor within fifteen years from the

commencement of this Act cither by means of an

annuity equal to one-fifteenth part of the certified

sum, the first instalment being payable on the

fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

thirty-one, or by such other means as may be

agreed between the Department and the council;

(c) Where any such loan is a loan made by a person

other than the Scottish Board of Health, the

loan and the interest thereon shall continue

payable by the council liable therefor at such

times and by such instalments as are required

by the terms of the contract of borrowing; but

the Department shall pay to the council out of

moneys provided by Parliament an annuity

for fifteen years equivalent to the difference

between the sum so certified by the Department

as aforesaid with respect to the loan, and the

value of the annuity which would have been

payable to the Department by the council had

the loan been made by the said Board, and had

interest been payable thereon at the rate of

five per cent.;

(d) If the amount which under the foregoing provisions of this section would have been payable

by any council in any year in respect of sums

so certified by the Department if all those sums

had been on account of loans by the Scottish

Board of Health and had been repayable by

means of an annuity equal to one-fifteenth part

of the certified sums exceeds the amount which

1929.

• Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 23.

625

would be produced by a rate of sevenpence and

one-tifth of a penny in the pound levied on

the reduced rateable value (within the meaning

of Part III of this Act) of the county or large

burgh, such adjustments shall be made between

the Department and the council as will secure

that the amount of the excess is not required

to be defrayed by the council.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

not apply to any such loan raised by a parish council

after the twelfth day of November, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight, and in such case the council to whom

liability for the loan is transferred shall make the

payments due in respect of capital of and interest on

the loan in accordance with the terms of the contract

of borrowing.

(3) Where a parish is not wholly comprised within

one county or large burgh, the liability of the parish

council for any such loan as aforesaid shall be apportioned

between the several counties and large burghs in proportion to the unreduced rateable value (within the

meaning of Part III of this Act) of the parts of the

parish comprised therein, and the foregoing provisions

of this section shall apply as if the part of a loan apportioned to any county or large burgh were a loan the

liability for which was transferred to the council thereof.

District Councils .

25.—(1) For the purposes of the provisions of this Act relating to district councils, the reconstituted county

council of every county shall, on or before the first day of

February, nineteen hundred and thirty, prepare and

submit to the Secretary of State for his approval a

scheme (in this section called a " district council

scheme") dividing the landward part of the county

into districts in such manner that each district shall

comprise one or more electoral divisions, and the provisions of subsections (1), (8), (9) and (10) of section

fourteen of this Act shall with the necessary modifications

apply to schemes under this subsection and any new

scheme altering the boundaries of a district may make

provision for financial adjustments, and for doing anything which may be required or be expedient for the

proper carrying into effect of the new scheme.

It r

Division

counties

into districts

and establishment

of district

councils.

02fi Ch, 25. Local Government (Scotland) 10 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(2) There shall be established for every district a

district council which shall consist of the number of

members specified in the district council scheme. The

members of the county council for the electoral divisions

within the district shall be ex-officio members of the

district council, and the other members of the district

council shall be elected for the electoral divisions within

the district or for wards forming part thereof as may be

provided in the scheme.

(3) The first election of members of the district

couxicil shall take place on the eighth day of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty, and the members so elected

shall hold office until the next election of members,

which shall take place on the first Tuesday of December,

nineteen hundred and thirty-two.

(4) For the purposes of the first election of members

of district councils, the statutory provisions regulating

the election of county councillors in landward parts of

counties shall apply, subject to such modifications and

adaptations as the Secretary of State may by order

prescribe, and for the purposes of the second and subsequent elections of members of district councils the

statutory provisions regulating the election of parish

councillors in landward parishes and the landward parts

of parishes (including the provisions of section eighteen

of the Act of 1894) shall apply, subject to such modifications and adaptations as the Secretary of State may by

order prescribe, and such orders shall provide that the

expenses of elections of district councils shall be repaid

to the county councils by the district councils.

(5) In the case of each of the counties of Kinross

and Nairn, the provisions of this section shall not apply

unless the council of the county so determine, and, if

the county council do not so determine, references in

this Act to a district council and to the district of a

district council shall be respectively construed as references to the county council and to the county:Provided

that, where 1 the county council shall, after the commencement of this Act, determine that the provisions of this

section shall apply, the scheme shall make the like

provision as in the case of a new scheme altering the

boundaries of a district.

1929.

Local Government (>Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

02

26 . — (1)Every district council shall he incorpo- p rov; s; ons

rated under the name of the district council of the relating to

district, and any deed or other document shall he deemed di .triet

to have heen duly executed by the district council if councils

signed on their behalf by two members and the clerk.

(2) Every district council shall appoint a clerk,

who shall hold office during the pleasure of the council

and be paid such reasonable salary as the council may

think proper.

(3) The provisions of the Act of 1894 applicable to

parish councils with respect to meetings, conduct of

business, quorum, filling of casual vacancies, the chairman of the council and of meetings, disqualiiieation of

councillors, appointment of committees, payments and

receipts, budget and absence of councillors from meetings, shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to

district councils and the members thereof, and the

provisions of section thirty-one and subsection (2) of

section thirty-eight of the said Act (which respectively

relate to the use of schoolrooms and returns to the

Secretary of State as to outstanding loans) shall, with the

necessary modifications, apply in the case of district

councils and the electors thereof as they apply in the

case of parish councils and the parish electors.

(4) The .provisions of sections sixty-eight of the Act

of 1889 (relating to the accounts of county councils) and

the provisions of the Third Schedule to this Act (relating

to the audit of accounts of county councils and town

councils) shall, with the necessary modifications, apply in

the case of district councils.

(5) The special parish rate leviable under Part IV

of the Act of 1894 shall after the commencement of this Act be termed the district council rate, and all expenses

falling to be met by a district council, whether under

Part IV of the Act of 1894 or otherwise, shall be

defrayed out of the district council rate.

(f>) The limit on the district council rate shall be

one shilling in the pound instead of sixpence in the pound,

and subsection (1) of section twenty-seven of the Act of

1894 shall have effect accordingly.

(7) Every district council shall annually ascertain

the amount required for the purposes of their powers

Rr 2

628 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) Iff & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

and duties under the Acts of Parliament administered by

them and shall, on or before the fifteenth day of July

in each year, certify to the county council the amount

required to be provided for these purposes by the county

council, and the county council shall, subject to the limit

aforesaid, levy within the district a district council rate

of such amount as is necessary to provide the amount

specified in the certificate, and shall collect and recover

the rate and from time to time, as they collect it and at

such intervals as the county council and the district

council may agree, and, failing agreement, as the Secretary

of State may determine, pay over to the district council

the amount collected up to the amount specified in the

certificate and, so far as the amount specified in the

certificate has not been paid over by that time, the

county council shall annually on the first day of May pay

over the balance to the district council, notwithstanding

that it has not been collected, and may borrow for the

purpose.

Any surplus relating to the district council rate in

the hands of the county council which may arise in any

one year shall be applied for the purposes of the ensuing

year, and in like manner any deficiency which may occur

in any year shall be included in the rate for the ensuing

year.

(8) A district council may make byelaws for preserving and regulating any recreation ground, common,

bleaching green, open space, or other place of public

resort or recreation within the district and not under the

control of any other local authority and for regulating

the use of the same and for ensuring good order in the

use thereof, and the provisions of sections one hundred

and eighty-three to one hundred and eighty-seven of the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897 (which relate to

byelaws made under that Act), shall apply to byelaws

made under this subsection.

3 Edw. 7. (9) Section fifty-nine of the Burgh Police (Scot-

c. 33. land) Act, 1903 (which relates to byelaws for commons,

&c., beyond burgh boundaries), shall have effect with

the substitution of a reference to the consent of the

• district council for any reference to the consent of the

county council.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

G29

Miscellaneous.

27 . — (1)It shall be competent for the county provision

council of a county or the town council of a large burgh for treat-

to submit for the approval of the Department of Health menfc of sil k

a scheme for the reorganisation of the hospital facilities I*‘ rri " ns<

at the disposal of the council, with a view to the provision

of treatment for sick persons residing within their area, and

the Department before giving their approval shall have

regard to any other facilities for treatment of any such

sick persons, including those provided by any voluntary

hospital or other institution.

(2) It shall also be competent for any such council

as aforesaid to make a representation to the Department

of Health that the hospital facilities available are inadequate for the reasonable requirements of sick persons

residing within their area, and to submit a scheme for the

extension of such facilities, and the Department, before

approving such scheme, shall satisfy themselves by

inquiry that hospital accommodation at the disposal of the council, together with the accommodation provided

by voluntary hospitals or other institutions, is not

reasonably adequate for the needs of the inhabitants of the area, and that the council have taken reasonable

steps to seek and to continue to secure full co-operation

with every voluntary hospital, university, or medical

school within or serving the area of the council.

(3) The Department of Health may approve any

scheme under this section either as submitted or with

such modifications and amendments as they may think

proper.

(4) Where a scheme, with or without modification

or amendment, has been approved by the Department

of Health, it shall be lawful for the county council or

town council in accordance with the scheme as approved

to provide, furnish, and maintain for the accommodation

of sick persons residing within their area hospitals,

temporary or permanent, and houses of reception for

convalescents, and for that purpose to—

(a) themselves supply such hospital or houses; or

(b) contract for the use of any such hospital or

house; or

(c) enter into any agreement with any person

having the management of any such hospital

Ch. 25.

000

Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

or lion, so, or part thereof, on payment of such

annual or other sum as may he agreed on; or

(<]) utilise any hospital or house or other building

belonging to them.

(5) Two or more such councils as aforesaid may

submit a scheme to the Department of Health for the

provision by one of these councils of hospital facilities

for the sick persons residing within the area of the other

council or councils and, on the scheme being approved

by the Department, each of the councils concerned shall

have all powers necessary for carrying the scheme as

approved into effect, provided that the provisions of

subsection (2) of this section so far as relating to the

approval of the Department shall apply with an}’ necessary

modification to any such scheme which involves the

erection of additional accommodation.

(6) For the purposes of this section, hospital facilities,

so far as the same may be provided by a council, . shall

include arrangements with respect to the provision of

treatment.

(7) All statutory provisions relating to hospitals for

infectious diseases shall, with the necessary modifications,

apply to hospitals and other buildings provided under or

in pursuance of this section, and any expenses incurred

by a council under or in pursuance of this section shall

be defrayed by the council in like manner as expenses

under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1897.

(8) A scheme made under this section may be

revoked or varied by a subsequent scheme.

Recovery of 28.—(1) It shall be lawful for the county council

ex I cases of G f every county and the town council of every large

treatn.ui.tof p nr g} 1 to recover from any person who has been maintained by them in any institution (other than as an

inmate of an institution for the purpose of receiving

treatment for infectious disease), or from any person

legally liable to maintain that person, a reasonable charge

in respect of the expenses incurred by the council in the

maintenance and treatment of that person, or, if the

council are satisfied that the person from whom such

charge is recoverable is unable, by reason of circumstances

other than his own default, to pay the whole of such

charge such part thereof, if any, as he is in the opinion

of 1 he council able to pay.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

031

(2) For tho purpose of this section " institution "

means any hospital, maternity home, or other residential

institution.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect any right

which a council may have under any enactment or

otherwise to recover expenses other than the charge in

respect thereof to which the foregoing provisions of this

section apply.

29. It shall be lawful for any county council or

for the town council of a large burgh to incur expenditure in making contributions to the central council or

committee of an organisation approved by the Department of Health which provides services of the nature

of publicity or educational propaganda for any purpose

relating to public health, or in the provision by themselves of such services.

Power of

councils to

expend

money on

public

health propaganda.

30. —(1) A person who has become an inmate of Amendment

any poor law institution for the purpose of obtaining a3 to

medical or surgical treatment shall not, so long as he

continues to require such treatment, be disqualified on umierTfe 11 *

the ground only that he is such an inmate, for receiving 10 Geo. 5.

or continuing to receive an old age pension under the c. 102, and

Old Age Pensions Acts, 1908 to 1924, or under the 15 & 10

Widows’, Orphans’, and Old Age Contributory Pensions Geo.5. c. <0.

Act, 1925, and accordingly subsection (1) of section

three of the Old Age Pensions Act, 1919, and paragraph

one of the Third Schedule to the Widows’, Orphans',

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, shall have

effect as if the words "during a period of three months

" from the date on which he became such an inmate

" if he, " were omitted therefrom, and as if after the

words " so long, " there were inserted the words "as he."

(2) This section .shall come into operation on the

first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty.

31 . — (1)It shall not be lawful for a county council Religious

or for the town council of a burgh being a county of a instruction

city to discontinue the provision of instruction in religion n ^'hoob.

in terms of section seven of the Education (Scotland)

Act, 1918, unless and until a resolution in favour of

such discontinuance duly passed by the council has been

submitted to a poll of the local government electors

for the county or burgh taken for the purpose, and has

been approved by a majority of electors voting thereat.

632

Ch. 25.

Settlement

and irremovability.

Provisions

as to special

districts.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(2) A poll under the foregoing subsection shall be

by ballot and shall be taken in accordance with rules to

be made by the Secretary of State, which rules may

apply with any necessary modifications any enactments

relating to parliamentary or local government elections.

32. —(1) The settlement of a person shall, instead

of being ascertained by reference to a parish as under

the existing law, be ascertained by reference to a county

or large burgh. .

(2) In the case of a parish which is situated within

the areas of two or more transferee authorities, a person

shall be deemed to have a settlement in the area of that

transferee authority within which the portion of the

parish from which his settlement is derived is situated,

and where the settlement of a person within a parish is

derived partly from residence in a part of the parish

within the area of one transferee authority and partly

from residence in a part of the parish within the area

of another transferee authority, the area of the transferee

authority within which the person resided at the time

he acquired a settlement by residence in the parish

shall be deemed to be the area within which he has his

settlement.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall,

with the necessary modifications, apply as respects the

status of irremovability under the Poor Law Acts as

they apply as respects settlement.

33. —(1) Where it appears to a county council that"

the financial burden imposed or likely to be imposed upon

a special district within the county is more than it can

reasonably be expected to bear unaided, the county

council may agree to contribute towards the expenses

of the special district such sum as appears to them

equitable, and such contribution so far as defrayed out

of rates shall be defrayed out of the public health general

assessment so far as leviable within the landward part of the county, notwithstanding any statutory provision

whereby a special district shall not be liable to assessment

for the expenses of supplying to any other part of the

county the service for the purposes of which the district

was constituted.

(2) Where provision is made by any enactment

for a local authority taking steps for the purpose of

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

633

forming a special district or otherwise upon receiving

a requisition, the authority may, on passing a resolution

to that effect, proceed as if they had received a requisition

for the purpose, and the enactment relating to the

requisition shall have effect subject to the necessary

modifications.

34 . — (1)Where the Department of Health after a Provisions

local inquiry are satisfied that the local authority of for failure

any area (in this section referred to as the " defaulting of local

authority ") have failed to discharge their functions \ 1 loritie3

with respect to the provision of a water supply, or of spect to

sewers or drains, or with respect to housing, or have water

failed to discharge any other functions relating to public supply, &c.

health, the Department may by order authorise any

other local authority to discharge, for such period as the

order may prescribe, the functions of the defaulting

local authority which that authority have failed to

discharge, and any expenses incurred by the other

authority in so doing shall be a debt due by the defaulting

authority to the other authority:

Provided that the defaulting local authority may

appeal to the Department against any excessive and

unreasonable expenditure of the other authority, and the

Department if satisfied that there has been excessive

and unreasonable expenditure may reduce the sum

payable by the defaulting authority to the other authority

by such amount as they think proper.

(2) Any sum payable by the defaulting authority

to the other authority under this section in respect

of expenses shall be defrayed by the defaulting authority

in like manner as if the expenses had been incurred by

that authority.

(3) Any expenses incurred by the other authority

under this section shall be defrayed in such manner as

the order may prescribe.

35 . — (1)On any vacancy arising after the commence- Medical

ment of this Act in the post of medical officer of health officers of

being the officer of the town council of a small burgh health and

then, unless in any particular case the Department of saniUir y

Health otherwise agree, the medical officer of health ms I )ectors -

being the officer of the county council of the county

within which the burgh is situate, shall be appointed

G34 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

to the post, and the town council of such burgh shall

pay to the count} 7 council such proportion of the

salary and expenses of such officer as the county

council and the town council may agree, and, failing

agreement, as may be determined by the Department.

(2) Except with the sanction of the Department of

Health, no person shall, after the commencement of this Act, be appointed sanitary inspector of a county or

burgh unless he possesses such qualifications as may be

prescribed by the Department of Health.

Provisions

for increase

of town

councillors

in large

burghs.

36.—(1) The provisions of the Town Councils

(Scotland) Act, 1900, with regard to the alteration of the number of magistrates and councillors in burghs and

to the number of councillors in each ward, and to the

division or redivision into wards shall cease to have

effect as regards any large burgh, apd it shall be lawful

for the Secretary of State on the representation of the

town council of any large burgh by order to determine

or alter the number of councillors and magistrates of the burgh, or the number and boundaries of the wards

into which the burgh is divided, or the number of

councillors to be elected for each ward, and to apportion

the existing councillors or any increased or decreased

number of councillors among the wards, and where under

any such order the number of councillors for any ward is

a number other than three or a multiple of three the order

shall make such modification of the provisions of the said

Act of 1900 with regard to the retirement of councillors

as may be necessary to make these provisions conform

to the order.

(2) A reference in the foregoing subsection to any

provision in the Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1900,

shall be deemed to include a reference to any corresponding provision in a local Act.

(3) The number of councillors and magistrates to

be elected in each large burgh and the number and

boundaries of wards into which any such burgh is divided

shall, unless and until determined or altered under the foregoing provisions of this section remain the same as

under the law existing at the passing of this Act.

(4) This section shall-come into operation on the

first day of October, nineteen hundred a nd twenty-nine.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

035

37. —(1) Where any order made under tills Act deter- Provision an

mining or altering the boundaries o[electoral divisions to alteration

in a county or of wards in a burgh, or dividing a burgh of register of

into wards or where a scheme providing for the election l ors

of district councillors for wards of electoral divisions gi^toral

involves an alteration of the area of any registration unit divisions or

within the meaning of the Representation of the People wards are

Acts the Secretary of State may by order make such altered,

provision as may be necessary with regard to the register

of electors to be used at any election of county, town

or district councillors for any electoral division or ward

affected by such alteration in the area of the registration

unit.

(2) This section shall come into operation on the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

38. The council of every county or burgh or Reports and

district and every joint committee or joint board ap- returns,

pointed by two or more such councils as aforesaid shall

make to the Central Department such reports and returns

and give them such information with respect to their

functions as the Central Department may require.

39. The Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905, in so Repeal of

far as it relates to Scotland, shall be repealed, but the 5 Rdw. 7.

Department of Health may, on the repeal taking effect, c - l8 -

make such orders as were by section eight of that Act

authorised to be made on the expiration of the period

for which it was to continue in force, and any such order

may provide for applying, subject to the necessary

adaptations, to officers appointed under the said Act,

any of the provisions of this Act as to the transfer of

and compensation to officers.

40. A local authority may, on such terms and Power of

conditions as may be determined by them, appropriate l° cal

for any statutory purpose property vested in them for ^"^ ties

any other statutory purpose:Provided that in the case proof lands and heritages such appropriation may be made perty.

only with the consent of the Secretary of State.

41. —(1) The Public Libraries Acts shall not be Amendment

adopted in a landward parish or the landward pait of of the

a parish except with the sanction of the county council.

(2) Every estimate of sums required by a committee Acta,

under the Public Libraries Acts shall be subject to the

636

Ch. 25.

Provision as

to inquiries.

County clerk

depute.

Rateable

value of

agricultural

lands and

heritages.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

approval of the town council or county council as the

case may be.

42. —(1) The provisions of section ninety-three of the Act of 1889 (relating to local inquiries, &c.) shall

apply to any inquiry under this Act or which a Central

Department considers necessary or proper for the purposes of this Act subject to the following and any other

necessary modifications—

(a) references to the Secretary of State shall be

construed as references to the Central Department;

(b) " five guineas " shall be substituted for " three

guineas."

(2) This section shall come into operation on the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-rune.

43. A county clerk may appoint one or more

persons approved by the county council to act as his

depute or deputes, and all things required or authorised

by law to be done by or to the county clerk may be done

by or to any depute county clerk so appointed.

Part II.

Rating of Agricultural, Industrial and Freight

Transport Lands and Heritages.

44.—(1) For the purposes both of the owner’s

and of the occupier’s share of rates as hereinafter defined,

the annual value of agricultural lands and heritages

shall be arrived at by deducting from the gross annual

value, in lieu of the amount specified in the Act of 1926,

an amount representing eighty-seven and one-half per

cent., and accordingly the First Schedule to the Act of

1926 shall for the purposes of such rates have effect

as if paragraph 14 and the words in the first column

of paragraph 13 " for the purposes of thft owner’s share

of rates " were omitted, and as if for the words in the

second column of paragraph 13 " twenty-five per cent."

there were substituted the words "eighty-seven and

one-half per cent., " and any reference to the said Schedule

in any Act or in any order made under the Act of 1926

shall be construed as a reference to the said Schedule

as so amended.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

637

(2) The rateable value of agricultural lands and

heritages shall be the value ascertained in accordance

with the foregoing subsection subject to any adjustment

required in accordance with subsection (7) of section

twelve of the Act of 1926 or section forty-five of the

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, or any corresponding

provision of a local Act, and notwithstanding anything

in the Act of 1926 as amended by the Rating and 18 & 19

Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, the net annual Geo. 5. c. 44.

value of agricultural lands and heritages shall be taken

to be the gross annual value subject to any such

adjustment as aforesaid.

(3) No owner or occupier of agricultural lands

and heritages shall by reason only of the foregoing

provisions of this section be required to pay in respect

of such lands and heritages any water rate leviable

under a local Act on a higher annual value than that

on which he would have been required to pay if the

said provisions had not been enacted.

(4) Subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the Act

of 1926, in so far as it directs that for the purpose of any

apportionment between rating authorities the rateable

value of agricultural lands and heritages shall be taken

to be one-half of the gross annual value, shall cease to

have effect.

(5) The definition of "agricultural lands and heritages " contained in the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, shall be substituted for the definition thereof contained in the Act of 1926.

45.—(1) The annual value of any industrial or

freight transport lands and heritages so far as occupied

and used or treated as occupied and used for industrial or

freight transport purposes shall be—

(a) for the purpose of any rate leviable under a

public general Act with respect to which no

special provision is made in any local Act a sum

arrived at by dividing the net annual value by

four, which sum shall be the rateable value; and

(b) for the purpose of any rate leviable under a local

Act or under a public general Act with respect to

which special provisions are made in a local

Act a sum arrived at by dividing by four the

annual value on which such rate would be

leviable if this Act had not passed:

Rateable

value of

industrial

and freight

transport

lands and

heritages.

638

Ch. 25

Amendment

of 18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 44.

Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Provided that in each of the foregoing cases where the

value directed to be divided is arrived at after adjustment

in accordance with subsection (7) of section twelve of the Act of 1926, or section forty-five of the Burgh

Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, or any corresponding

provision of a local Act, the division directed by this

section shall he made before such adjustment, and such

adjustment shall thereafter be made.

(2) Where provision is made by a local Act for

rates being levied in respect of lands and heritages

belonging to any undertaking at a reduced rate per

pound or upon a reduced valuation of the lands and

heritages or other provisions are made by such an Act in

consequence of the undertaking providing services which

would otherwise have been provided by the local authority,

the Secretary of State may, on application by the local

authority or by the undertaking, by order make such

modifications or amendments of the provisions of the

local Act as are equitable in the circumstances, and the

provisions of subsections (5) and (6) of section twelve

of the Act of 1926 (relating to the procedure with respect

to orders thereunder) shall apply with respect to orders

made under this subsection.

46.—(1) For the purposes of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, lands and heritages shall

not be deemed not to be occupied and used as a factory

or workshop by reason oidy of the fact that the owner

or occupier of the lands and heritages is the only person

working therein or that no other person working therein

is in his employment.

(2) For the purposes of the Rating and Valuation

(Apportionment) Act, 1928, the following lands and

heritages shall be deemed to be industrial lands and

heritages occupied and used wholly for industrial

purposes, that is to say:—

(a) Salmon fishings, so far as the right thereto is

exercised by net or cruive, where such right of

fishing by net or cruive is regularly exercised

throughout that part of the year during which

that method of fishing is permitted by law and

win re no revenue is derived by the owner or

occupier from any other method of fishing in

the said part of the year;

(b) Minerals v T hieh are lit notwithstanding that they

are not being worked at the time.

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. 039

Act, 1929.

47.—(1) Every occupier of agricultural lands and Adjust-

heritages occupying under a lease entered into prior to ments as to

the first day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty- j' atm S reIlof

eight, shall be entitled, on the fifteenth day of May in i.^ionL

each year to recover from the owner thereof by retention and tenants,

out of rent or otherwise a sum equal to the amount of the owner’s share of the rates in respect of such lands

and heritages payable for the year beginning on the

sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty,

multiplied by two and one-half.

(2) Any sum recovered in pursuance of the foregoing subsection from the owner of an agricultural

holding shall be included among the amounts directed

by subsection (6) of section twelve of the Agricultural 13 & U

Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, to be deducted from the < ^' e0 - 5 - 10.

rent for the purpose of calculating compensation under

that section.

(3) Every landholder and every statutory small

tenant within the meaning of the Small Landholders

(Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1919, who is in occupation or

who is the statutory successor of a landholder or statutory small tenant in occupation of a holding on the' first

day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, shall,

so long as he remains in occupation of such holding,

be entitled on the fifteenth day of May in each year to

recover from the owner thereof by retention out of rent

or otherwise a sum equal to the owner’s share of the

rates in respect of such holding payable for the year

beginning on the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred

and thirty, multiplied by two and one-half. This subsection shall cease to have effect as regards any holding

on the day following the first term of Whitsunday or

Martinmas next succeeding the decision of the Land

Court on an application for alteration of the fixed rent

or in the case of a landholder, on the expiry of the

period of seven years from the first day of June, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, if during that period no such

decision has been given.

(4) Every occupier of industrial lands and heritages

occupying under a lease entered into prior to the

first day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,

shall be entitled on the fifteenth day of May in each

year to recover from the owner thereof by retention out

of rent or otherwise a sum equal to the owner’s share of

640

CIh. 25.

Relief to

occupiers of

agricultural

lands and

heritagesnot

to be taken

account of

for certain

purposes.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 39.

Provisions

as to valuation roll.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 52.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929. •

the rates in respect of such lands and heritages payable

for the year ending on the said fifteenth day of May

multiplied by three.

(5) Any sum recovered from the owner of any lands

and heritages in pursuance of the foregoing provisions

of this section shall not be taken into account in

ascertaining the gross annual value of the lands and

heritages, but such owner shall be deemed to be charged

therewith for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts.

(6) For the purposes of this section, a lease shall be

deemed to have been entered into on the date of the

term of entry thereunder, and the expression "lease "

means a letting or agreement for letting for a term of

years or for lives or for lives and years or from year to

year, and an occupier holding under tacit relocation

following on a lease shall be deemed to be occupying

under that lease, provided that this section shall not in

the case of an occupier holding from year to year or

under tacit relocation have effect after the expiry of

seven years from the sixteenth day of May, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight.

48. Neither the relief to occupiers of agricultural

lands and heritages effected by this Act or by the

Agricultural Rates Act, 1923, as amended by the Act

of 1926, nor the amounts recoverable by occupiers from

owners under section forty-seven of this Act, shall be taken

into account by the Land Court in fixing a fair or

equitable rent for a holding under the Small Landholders

(Scotland) Acts, 1886 to 1919, or by an arbiter in determining for the purposes of section twelve of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1923, what rent is properly

payable in respect of a holding.

49. —(1) Subsection (1) of section fourteen of the Act

of 1926 (which section contains provisions as to the

valuation roll), shall have effect as if after the words

" said Acts show " there were inserted the words "the

net annual value and also, " and as if the words "and

the amount of any deduction from the gross annual

value for the purpose of ascertaining the rateable value "

were omitted.

(2) Where a domestic water rate is leviable within

a district under the Public Health (Scotland) Amendment

Act, 1891, in respect of any agricultural lands and

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

641

heritages, then either the valuation roll for the district,

made up in accordance with the provisions of the Lands 17 & 18 Vict.

Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, shall, in addition to the c. 91.

other particulars required, show what would have been

the rateable value of the said agricultural lands and

heritages if this Act (other than subsection (5) of section

forty-four) had not passed, or a supplementary valuation

roll in such form as the Secretary of State may by order

prescribe shall be made up, -showing what would have

been the rateable value of such agricultural lands and

heritages if this Act (other than as aforesaid) had not

passed, and the provisions of the said Act of 1854 shall

apply accordingly with respect to the further particulars

included in the valuation roll or with respect to the

supplementary valuation roll, as the case may be.

(3) As from the sixteenth day of May, nineteen

hundred and thirty, the assessor of a county in making

up the valuation roll of the county shall distinguish in

the roll lands and heritages situated within the boundaries of each district of a district council.

(4) For the purpose of any apportionment of expenses

between rating authorities according to the valuation

roll for the year beginning on the sixteenth day of May,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, the rateable valuation

of the area of a rating authority shall be ascertained as if

the rateable value of agricultural lands and heritages in

that roll had been ascertained in accordance with the

provisions of section forty-four of this Act instead of

in accordance with the provisions of section fifty of this Act; and there shall be included in the said

valuation roll in the case of each area for the purposes

of which lands and heritages situated therein require to

be distinguished a note showing what the rateable valuation of the area would have been had the rateable value

of the agricultural lands and heritages therein been

ascertained in accordance with the said section forty-four.

50 . The provisions of this Part of this Act shall Commence-

come into operation on the sixteenth day of May, nine- mont a ad

teen hundred and twenty-nine, and as regards the year

beginning on the said day shall have effect subject to the iqo Q ear

following modifications 1929 ' 30 '

(i) The rate of deduction from the gross annual

value of agricultural lands and heritages shall

S s

642

Ch. 25.

Construction.

Discontinuance of

grants.

Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

be for the purposes both of the owner’s and of the occupier’s share of rates, ninety-two per cent.

(ii) The provisions with regard to the rateable value

of industrial and freight transport lands and

heritages shall have effect as if in lieu of any

direction to divide a value by four there were

substituted a direction to multiply such value

by eight and divide it by fifteen.

(iii) The sum recoverable under subsection (1) or

subsection (3) of section forty-seven of this Act

from the owner of agricultural lands and

heritages or of a holding shall be a sum equal to

the amount of the owner’s share of the rates for

the said year in respect of the said lands and

heritages multiplied by four, and the sum recoverable under subsection (4) of the said section

from the owner of industrial lands and heritages

shall be seven-eighths of the amount of the

owner’s share of the rates for the said year in

respect of the said lands and heritages.

(iv) For the purposes of any requisition or certificate

issued in respect of the said year, every county

council, district board of control, education

authority and parish council and other body

issuing such requisition or certificate shall proceed in all respects as if this Act had not been

passed, and the county council or town council

or other authority to whom the requisition or

certificate has been issued shall make payment

accordingly.

51. The provisions of this Part of this Act shall be

construed as one with the Act of 1926.

Part III.

Exchequer Grants and other Financial

Provisions.

Discontinued Grants.

52.—(1) The grants set out in the Fifth Schedule

to this Act (in this Act referred to as " the discontinued

grants ") shall cease to be payable—

(a) as regards the grants payable into the Local

Taxation (Scotland) Account in respect of any

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

643

period after the thirty-first day of March, -

nineteen hundred and thirty; and

(b) as regards the other grants in respect of any

period after the fifteenth day of May, nineteen

hundred and thirty.

(2) As soon as may be after the thirty-first day of

March, nineteen hundred and thirty, the Local Taxation

(Scotland) Account shall be wound up in accordance

with such directions as the Treasury may give.

(3) The provisions set out in the Sixth Schedule

to this Act shall, as from the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and thirty, have effect with respect to the

payments therein mentioned, being payments which

immediately before the said day, were payable out of the

Local Taxation (Scotland) Account.

(4) In calculating the amount of sums estimated to

be expended and the amount of the sums actually

expended in any year from the vote for education in

England and Wales for the purposes of paragraph (ii) of

subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the Education

(Scotland) Act, 1918, no account shall be taken of the

sum included in the amounts aforesaid in lieu of the

sum of eight hundred and seven thousand two hundred

and sixty pounds hitherto paid out of the Local Taxation Account for the purposes of higher education in

England.

General Exchequer Contributions.

53.—(1) There shall be paid out of moneys provided Payment

by Parliament in respect of the year beginning on the of General

sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty, and Exchequer

each subsequent year, an annual contribution towards |v^ nbu '

local government expenses in counties and large burghs

to be called the " General Exchequer Contribution."

(2) The amount of the General Exchequer Contribution shall be periodically revised. The amount

first fixed shall be for a period of three years beginning

on the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

thirty, the amount fixed on the first revision shall be

for a period of four years from the expiration of the

first period, the amount fixed on any subsequent revision

shall be for a period of five years from the expiration of the previous period, and a period for which the General

Exchequer Contribution is so fixed is hereinafter referred

to as a " fixed grant period."

644

Ch. 25.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 55.

Payments

out of Road

Fund

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(3) The amount of the General Exchequer Contribution shall be the sum of the following amounts,

that is to say :—

(a) an amount equal to the total losses on account

of rates of all counties and large burghs;

(b) an amount equal to the total losses on account

of grants of all counties and large burghs;

(c) in respect of each year in the first fixed grant

period seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds,

and in respect of each year of every following

fixed grant period such amount as Parliament

may hereafter determine with respect to the

fixed grant period so, however, that the proportion which the General Exchequer Contribution

for any fixed grant period bears to the total

amount of rate and grant borne expenditure in

the penultimate year of the preceding fixed

grant period shall never be less than the proportion which the General Exchequer Contribution

for the first fixed grant period bore to the total

amount of rate and grant borne expenditure in

the first year of that fixed grant period; in the

foregoing provisions of this paragraph—

(i) " rate and grant borne expenditure "

means the local expenditure which fell to be

borne by rates and by grants made under this

Part of this Act out of the General Exchequer

Contribution; and

(ii) if as respects any fixed grant period

the Secretary of State certifies that the

amount of rate and grant borne expenditure

in the penultimate year of that fixed grant

period was abnormally increased by reason

of any emergency involving the issue of a

proclamation under the Emergency Powers

Act, 1920, there shall be deemed to be substituted for the reference to the penultimate

year of the preceding fixed grant period a

reference to the last year preceding the said

penultimate year in which no such abnormal

expenditure was incurred.

54.—(1) Towards the General Exchequer Contribution there shall at such times and in such manner as the

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

645

Treasury may direct be paid out of the Road Fund in

respect of the year beginning the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and thirty, and each subsequent year

an annual contribution amounting to the sum of the

following amounts, that is to say—

(a) a sum equal to the certified amount of discontinued road grants for the standard year; and

(b) in respect of each year in the first fixed grant

period, eleven ninety-first parts of the sum of

three milli on pounds, and in respect of each

year of each following fixed grant period, such

sum as Parliament may hereafter determine

with respect to the fixed grant period;

and any sum so payable out of the Road Fund shall,

in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury,

be applied as an appropriation in aid of the moneys

provided by Parliament for the purposes of the General

Exchequer Contribution.

(2) So much of section two of the Roads Act, 1920,

as provides for the payment in every year to the Local

Taxation (Scotland) Account out of the sum to be issued

out of the Consolidated Fund under that section, of the

sum of sixty-four thousand and one pounds seventeen

shillings, shall as from the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and thirty, cease to have effect.

In respect of the years beginning on the first day

of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight and nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, there shall be charged on

the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof

and paid thereout to the Road Fund in addition to sums

paid into that fund under subsection (3) of the said

section two a sum of sixty-four thousand and one pounds

seventeen s hillin gs. The provisions of this paragraph

shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

55.—(1) The General Exchequer Contributions shall

be apportioned amongst the several counties and large

burghs in manner hereinafter following, that is to

say:—

(a) during the first four fixed grant periods there

shall out of the General Exchequer Contribution

for each year be allocated to each county or

towards

General

Exchequer

Contribution.

10 & 11

Geo. 5.’c. 72

Apportionment of

General

Exchequer

Contributions.

646 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

large burgh an amount equal to the appropriate

percentage of the losses on account of rates and

grants of the county or burgh;

(6) during the first four fixed grant periods the

residue, and thereafter the whole, of the General

Exchequer Contribution, shall each year be

apportioned amongst the several counties and

large burghs in proportion to their weighted

populations.

(2) The amount apportioned under this section to a

county shall be called " the county apportionment "

and the amount so apportioned to a large burgh shall

be called " the burgh apportionment."

Grants to CovMies.

General

Exchequer

Grants to

counties.

56. Out of the county apportionment of every

county there shall be set aside such amount as will be

sufficient to pay—

(1) to the councils of small burghs situate within the

county; and

(2) to the county council for behoof of the landward

area of the county

the sums hereinafter directed to be so set aside; and the

residue of the county apportionment after such sums as

aforesaid have been so set aside shall be paid to the

county council and shall be called " the General Exchequer Grant " of that council:

Provided that, if in the case of any county the county

apportionment is less than the amount to be so set aside,

the deficiency shall be paid out of the moneys provided

by Parliament, and the sums so paid shall be treated as

part of the county apportionment.

Additional

Exchequer

Grants to

counties.

57.—(1) As respects the first fixed grant period, if

in the case of any county the county apportionment falls

short of an amount arrived at by adding to the standard

sum a sum equivalent to one shilling per head of the

estimated population of the county for the standard year,

there shall in respect of each year of that fixed grant

period be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to

the county council a sum equal to the deficiency. *

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. 647

Act, 1929.

(2) As respects each subsequent fixed grant period,

if in the case of any county the county apportionment

falls short of the standard sum increased by the greater

of the two following sums, that is to say—

(a) a sum equivalent to one shilling per head of the

estimated population of the county for the

appropriate year;

(b) a sum equivalent to one-third of the excess of the county apportionment for the period in

question over what would have been the county

apportionment for the period in question had

the General Exchequer Contribution for that

period been the same as the General Exchequer

Contribution for the first fixed grant period;

there shall in respect of each year of the fixed grant

period in question be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the council of the county a sum equal to

the deficiency.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the standard

sum as respects any county shall be the amount of the

loss on account of rates and grants of that county, so,

however, that—

(a) if, for the fixed grant period in question the

General Exchequer Contribution is less than the

General Exchequer Contribution for the first

fixed grant period, the standard sum shall be

the said amount reduced proportionately to

such diminution in the General Exchequer

Contribution;

(b) if, for the fixed grant period in question the

weighted population of the county is less than

the weighted population of the county for the

first fixed grant period adjusted as regards

unemployment, the standard sum shall be the

said amount reduced (or if a reduction therein

has been made under paragraph (a) of this

subsection, that reduced amount further reduced) proportionately to such diminution in

weighted population.

(4) In this section the expression "adjusted as

regards unemployment" means calculated as if the

appropriate multiple mentioned in Rule 2 of Part III

of the Seventh Schedule to this Act had been the multiple

648

General

Exchequer

Grants to

small

burghs, &c.

Compensation for

losses on

account of

special

rates.

Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

appropriate to the fixed grant period in question, and

not the multiple appropriate to the first fixed grant

period.

(5) The sum payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament to a county council under this section in

respect of any year shall be called the " Additional

Exchequer Grant " of that council.

Grants to Small Burghs, <Ssc.

58. —(1) The sum to be set aside out of the county

apportionment for payments to the councils of small

burghs and to the county council for behoof of the landward area shall be such sum as is required to provide for

each such burgh within the county, and for the landward

area a sum calculated for each fixed grant period inaccordance with the rules set out in Part IV of the

Seventh Schedule to this Act upon the basis of the estimated

population of the burgh or landward area, as the case

may be, together with such sums as are under the section

of this Act next following required to be so set aside.

(2) There shall be paid in respect of each year

to the council of a small burgh and to the county

council for behoof of the landward area the sums

so set aside in respect of the burgh or landward area,

and the sum so payable to the council of the burgh shall

be called the General Exchequer Grant of that council,

and the sum so payable to the county council for behoof

of the landward area shall be called the Landward

General Exchequer Grant.

59. —(1) Where in the standard year a special rate

is levied in any area within a county, the loss on

account of that rate shall be ascertained in accordance

with the rules set out in Part I of the Seventh Schedule

to this Act, and—

(a) the sum to be set aside out of the county apportionment in respect of the landward area and

payable to the county council for behoof of the

landward area shall in respect of each year

during the first four fixed grant periods be

increased by a sum equal to the appropriate

percentage of the loss on account of the special

rate incurred by the area within which the

special rate is leviable; and

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

649

(6) there shall be allocated to the landward area by

the county council out of the General and

Additional Exchequer Grants payable to that

council in each year during the first and second

fixed grant periods a sum equal to twenty-five

per cent, of that loss, and thereafter such sum

as the county council may determine.

(2) Any sum paid or allocated under this section

shall be applied by the county council to such purposes

and in such manner as may be prescribed.

60 . — (1)For the purpose of adjusting as between

separately rated areas in any county any decreases and

increases in the poundage of rates (other than special

rates) due to the operation of Part I (except section

seven) and Parts II and III of this Act during the period

of nineteen years beginning on the sixteenth day of May,

nineteen hundred and thirty, the following provisions

shall have effect during that period—

(a) there shall be ascertained in accordance with the

rules set out in the Eighth Schedule to this Act

as respects every separately rated area in the

county whether the operation of Part I (except

section seven) and Parts II and III of this Act

would, apart from this section, result in a gain

or loss to the area and the amount of the gain

or loss;

(b) in the case of each such area as respects which

a loss is disclosed the amount which would

otherwise be raised by rates in that area shall

be reduced by crediting to the area the following

amounts, that is to say, for the year beginning

on the said sixteenth day of May and each of the four following years an amount equal to the

full amount of the loss and for each of the next

succeeding fourteen years an amount less than

the amount so added in the preceding year by

a sum equal to one-fifteenth of the amount

added for the year beginning on the said

sixteenth day of May;

(c) the deficiency in the revenue resulting in any

year to the county council by reason of the

Supplementary

Exchequer

Grants to

counties.

650

General

Exchequer

Grants to

large

burghs.

Additional

Exchequer

Grants to

large

burghs.

Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

provisions of the last foregoing paragraph shall

be met—

(i) as to one moiety thereof, by payments

out of moneys provided by Parliament;

(ii) as to the other moiety thereof, by

debiting to each area as respects which a

gain is disclosed an amount proportionate to

the amount of that gain and by increasing by

the amount so debited the amount which

would otherwise be raised by rates in that

area;

(d) the Secretary of State shall make regulations for

carrying into full effect the provisions of this

section in such manner as to effect the objects

thereof.

(2) The sums payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament under this section in respect of any year shall

be called the " Supplementary Exchequer Grant " of the

county council.

Grants to Large Burghs.

61. The whole of every burgh apportionment shall

be paid to the council of the large burgh and the sum so

paid shall be called the General Exchequer Grant of

that council.

62. —(1) There shall be ascertained in accordance

with the rules set out in the Eighth Schedule to this Act

as respects every large burgh, whether the operation of

Part I (except section seven) and Parts II and III of this Act would apart from this and the next following

section result in a gain or loss to the burgh and the

amount of the gain or loss:

Provided that, if a large burgh comprises two or more

separately rated areas, the gain or loss of each area shall

be so ascertained, and the gain or loss of the burgh as a

whole shall be the amount by which the gains exceed

the losses or the losses the gains of the several areas.

(2) Section fifty-seven of this Act shall apply to

large burghs as if for references to counties and the

county apportionment there were substituted references

to large burghs and the burgh apportionment and as

if for the words "the amount of the loss on

account of rates and grants of that county " there

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

651

were substituted the words "an amount equal to the

" burgh apportionment for the first fixed grant period

" increased by the loss or reduced by the gain of the

" burgh as a whole as ascertained under subsection (1)

" of section sixty-two of this Act."

63.—(1) For the purpose of adjusting as between

separately rated areas in any large burgh any decrease

and increase of the poundage of rates due to the operation

of Part I (except section seven) and Parts II and III of this Act during the period of nineteen years beginning on

the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty,

the following provisions shall have effect during that

period—

(a) there shall be ascertained in accordance with

the rules set out in the Eighth Schedule to this Act as respects every separately rated area

in the burgh whether the operation of Part I

(except section seven) and Parts II and III of this Act would, apart from this and the last

preceding section, result in a gain or loss to the

area, and the amount of the gain or loss:

(b) if a loss is disclosed as respects any one or more

of such areas, and the Additional Exchequer

Grant (if any) of the burgh is an amount less

than one-half of the aggregate amount of such

losses, there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to the council of the

burgh the following amounts, that is to say:—

(i) for the year beginning on the said

sixteenth day of May and each of the four

following years such sum as together with

the amount of the Additional Exchequer

Grant (if any) is equal to one-half of the said

aggregate amount of such losses;

(ii) for each of the next succeeding fourteen

years an amount less than the amount payable for the preceding year by a sum equal to

one-fifteenth of the amount payable for the

year beginning on the said sixteenth day of

May:

(c) the Secretary of State shall make regulations for

securing that the grants under this Part of this Act paid to the council of the large burgh shall

Supplementary

Exchequer

Grants to

large

burghs.

652 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

be applied towards making good to areas with

respect to which a loss is disclosed the amount

of such loss or of part thereof in such manner

as to effect the objects of this section.

(2) The sums payable out of moneys provided by

Parliament to the council of a large burgh under this

section in respect of any year shall be called the

" Supplementary Exchequer Grant " of that council.

Contributions to

voluntary

associations

in respect of the welfare

of the blind

and mental

defectives.

Payment of

grants.

Power to

reduce

grants.

Contributions of County and Town Councils in respect

of Welfare of the Blind and Mental Defectives.

64. The Central Department may, if they think

proper, make a scheme providing for payment by the

county councils and the town councils of large burghs

specified in the scheme of contributions of such amount

as may be therein stated to—

(a) any voluntary association which carries on

services for the benefit of blind persons resident

in the area of the specified councils; or

(b) any society undertaking the duty of assisting

or supervising mental defectives whilst not in

institutions who are resident in the area of the

specified councils.

Any scheme under this section may be revoked or

varied by a subsequent scheme.

General.

65. The grants under this Part of this Act shall be

payable to the county and town councils entitled thereto

at such times and in such manner as the Treasury may

direct.

66. The Secretary of State may reduce the grant

payable in respect of any year under this Part of this Act to any council by such an amount as he thinks

just—

(a) if he is satisfied—

(i) that the council have failed to achieve

or maintain a reasonable standard of efficiency

and progress in the discharge of their functions

relating to public health services (including

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

653

services relating to maternity and child welfare,

lunacy and mental deficiency, and the welfare

of the blind), regard being had to the standards

maintained in any other areas whose financial

resources and other relevant circumstances

are substantially similar, and that the health

or welfare of the inhabitants of the area of the council or some of them has been or is

likely to be thereby endangered; or

(ii) that the expenditure of the council has

been excessive and unreasonable, regard being

had to the financial resources and other

circumstances of the area; or

(6) if the Minister of Transport certifies that he is

satisfied that the council have failed to maintain

their roads or any part thereof in a satisfactory

condition:

Provided that the Secretary of State shall not

make such a reduction until he has made and caused to

be laid before Parliament a report stating the amount of the reduction, and the reasons therefor.

67. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act,

all sums received by a county council by way of General

or Additional Exchequer Grant shall be applied towards

meeting the expenditure of the council (other than any

part thereof apportioned and allocated to large burghs

in respect of education or police) on all purposes for which

the county council exercise functions throughout the whole

county including the small burghs therein; and all sums

received by the town council of a burgh by way of

General or Additional Exchequer Grant shall be applied

proportionately towards meeting—

(a) the expenditure which but for grants under this

Part of this Act would be defrayed out of rates

payable by owners and occupiers in equal

proportions;

(b) the expenditure which but for such grants would

be defrayed out of rates payable wholly by

owners; and

(c) the expenditure which, but for such grants, would

be defrayed out of rates payable wholly by

occupiers.

Application

of Exchequer Grants

to county

and town

councils.

654

Ch. 25.

Power of

Department

to pay

council’s

contributions to

voluntary

association

or society

out of sums

payable as

General

Exchequer

Grant.

Government

property.

Power to

make regulations.

Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

68. Upon application being made to the Department of Health by the council of any county or large

burgh requesting that the contributions of the council

towards the expenses of any voluntary association or

society having as its object the promotion of public

health services (including services relating to maternity

and child welfare, lunacy and mental deficiency, and the

welfare of the blind) may be paid directly to the association or society out of the amount payable as the General

Exchequer Grant of the council, the said Department

may pay such contributions accordingly, and any sums

so paid shall be deemed to have been paid as part of that

grant.

69. For the purposes of this Part of this Act, any

contribution made by the Crown in aid of rates in

respect of any lands and heritages owned by the Crown

or occupied by or on behalf of the Crown for public

purposes shall be treated as money paid as rates, and in

the case of agricultural, industrial, and freight transport

lands and heritages, the value upon which that contribution would, if this Act had not been passed, have been

computed for the year beginning on the sixteenth day of

May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, shall be treated

as the unreduced rateable value of the lands and heritages

and the value on which that contribution would have

been computed for that year if this Act, except section

fifty, had been in operation throughout that year shall

be treated as the reduced rateable value of the lands

and heritages.

70. —(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations for giving effect to the provisions of this Part of this Act, and in particular—

(a) as to the apportionment for the purposes of this

Part of this Act of the expenditure of any joint

authority amongst the areas liable to contribute

to such expenditure, and for the part of the

expenditure so apportioned to any area being

treated as expenditure of a spending authority

for that area for those purposes; and

(b) as to the manner in which the amounts of any

grants payable under this Part of this Act are

to be adjusted if and so far as any such

adjustment is required in consequence of any

alterations or combinations of authorities or

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

655

alterations of boundaries made on or after the

sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

thirty; and

(c) as to the manner in which, subject to the express

provisions of this Act, any calculation or estimate

is to be made for the purposes of this Part of this Act and as to the authority or person by

or to whom any information required for the

pin-poses of any such calculation or estimate is

to be given, and as to the time at which and

the form in which it is to be given; and

(d) for prescribing anything which under this Part

of this Act or under the Schedules therein

referred to is to be prescribed,

and in particular, the regulations as to the manner in

which expenditure falling to be borne by rates is to be

calculated or estimated may provide for that expenditure

being taken in appropriate cases to be the amount of the

payments made in any year and may provide for such

adjustments as may be necessary to correct any abnormal

treatment of income or expenditure in accounts.

(2) Where in the standard year a rate is levied in

the landward area of a county or in a large burgh by an

authority other than the council of the county or burgh,

regulations under this section may provide for the

ascertainment of the loss on account of the rate so

leviable in accordance with the rules set out in Part I

of the Seventh Schedule to this Act, and for the payment to the authority by the council—

(a) in each year during the first four fixed grant

periods of a sum equal to the appropriate percentage of such loss; and

(b) in each year in the first and second fixed grant

periods of a sum equal to twenty-five per cent,

of such loss, and thereafter of such sum as the

council may determine,

and any sum so paid by a council to an authority shall

be applied to such purposes, and in such manner, as may

be prescribed by the regulations.

(3) Regulations made under paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of this section shall make provision for

securing that where proposals for the development of

institutional treatment in their area were submitted to

656 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

the Scottish Board of Health by the council of any county

or large burgh at such a date that grants in aid of capital

expenditure on institutions to be provided thereunder

are payable in accordance with the directions of the

Treasury, then, if the execution of the proposals was

delayed by the directions of the said Board and liabilities

in connection with the proposals were incurred by the

council with the approval of the said Board before the

twelfth day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, and in consequence of the delay the amount of

any grants paid or payable to the council for the standard

year is less than the amount thereof which would otherwise have been so payable, the amount of the grants

paid or payable to the council in respect of that year shall

be estimated and certified as if they had been increased

by such amount as may be prescribed.

(4) All regulations made under this Part of this Act

shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon

as may be after they are made, and if an Address is

presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament

within the next subsequent twenty-eight days on which

that House has sat after any such regulations are laid

before it, praying that the regulations may be annulled,

they shall henceforth be void, but without prejudice to

the validity of anything previously done thereunder or

the making of new regulations.

Method of

apportionment

between

authorities

of expenditure and

grants for

purposes of the Seventh

and Eighth

Schedules.

71.—(1) Where by the rules contained in the Seventh

and Eighth Schedules to this Act the expenditure of any

authority is required to be apportioned between the

several counties or large burghs into which the area

of the authority extends, the apportionment shall be

made—

(a) in the case of expenditure in respect of roads,

other than loan charges, in proportion to the

certified mileage of transferred roads in the

parts of the area within the several counties;

(b) in the case of any other expenditure of a spending

authority, in proportion to the reduced rateable

value of the parts of the area within the several

counties and burghs.

(2) Where by the rules contained in the Seventh

Schedule to this Act the amounts paid or payable to

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

657

any authority out of the discontinued grants are required

to be apportioned, the apportionment shall be made—

(a) in the case of grants in respect of roads, in

proportion to the certified mileage of roads in

respect of which grants were made in the standard

year, in the parts of the area within the several

counties, *

(b) in the case of grants to any voluntary association

which carries on services for the welfare of the

blind, in proportion to the number certified as

being the estimated number of beneficiaries of the association ordinarily resident within the

jurisdiction of the several authorities;

(c) in the case of any other grants, on such basis

as the Secretary of State may by order direct.

72. The Secretary of State shall, before the

expiration of the second fixed grant period, in consultation with such associations of local authorities as appear

to him to be concerned and with any local authority

with whom consultation appears to him to be desirable,

cause an investigation to be made into the working of the rules contained in Parts III and IV of the Seventh

Schedule to this Act, and shall cause a report of the

result of the investigation to be laid before Parliament.

73. In this Part of this Act and in the Schedules

therein referred to, unless the context otherwise requires,

the following expressions have the meanings hereby

respectively assigned to them, that is to say :—

" Appropriate percentage" means as respects the

first and second fixed grant periods seventy-five

per cent., as respects the third fixed grant

period fifty per cent., and as respects the fourth

fixed grant period twenty-five per cent.:

" Appropriate year" means as respects the first

fixed grant period the standard year and as

respects any subsequent fixed grant period the

last year of the preceding fixed grant period:

" Certified " means—

in relation to roads or road grants, certified

by the Minister of Transport:

Tt

Investigation of

working of

rules of

Seventh

Schedule,

Parts III

and IV.

Interpretation of

Part III.

658 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

in relation to the number of unemployed

insured men or women certified by the Minister of Labour:

in relation to any other matter, certified

by the Secretary of State or such person as

he may appoint for the purpose:

" County " includes any small burgh situate within

the county:

" Estimated population " and " estimated number

" of children under five years of age per thousand

" of the estimated population " mean in relation

to any year, the population or number as

estimated by the Registrar-General for Scotland

for the calendar year in which the year in question begins:

" Losses on account of grants" means in relation to

any county, large burgh, or spending authority,

such losses calculated in accordance with the

rules set out in Part II of the Seventh Schedule

to this Act:

" Losses on account of rates" means in relation to

any county, large burgh or spending authority,

such losses calculated in accordance with the

rules set out in Part I of the Seventh Schedule

to this Act:

" Prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made

under this Part of this Act:

" Reduced rateable value" means in relation to any

lands and heritages, the rateable value thereof

which would have been entered in the valuation

roll for the year beginning on the sixteenth day

of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, if

this Act, except section fifty, had been in

operation throughout that year, and in relation

to any area the aggregate of such rateable values

of all the lands and heritages in the area:

" Road" means a road maintained by a highway

authority and includes a bridge:

" Separately rated area " means—

(a) as respects a county, a landward parish

or the landward part of a parish, so far as

within the district of one district council, or a

small burgh, except where the burgh is within

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25. 659

Act, 1929.

two or more parishes, in which case each part

of the burgh within a separate parish shall be

a separately rated area; and

(b) as respects a large burgh, a burghal

parish or the burghal part of a parish:

" Special rate" means a special district rate or a

special parish rate and includes a rate levied

within a landward area by the rating authority

in accordance with the provisions of a local Act

for the purpose of meeting a requisition by the

Commissioners or other body established under

that Act:

"Spending authority" means a county council,

town council, district committee, district board of

control, education authority or parish council:

" Standard year" means the year beginning on the

sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight:

" Transferred functions" means the functions transferred to the county councils of counties

and the town councils of large burghs by or

under Part I of this Act:

" Unemployed insured men " and " unemployed

insured women " mean respectively men and

women of or over the age of eighteen years,

being insured contributors under the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1927, who are

for the time being recorded as being unemployed

for the purpose of the returns of unemployment

made by the Minister of Labour:

" Unreduced rateable value" means in relation to

any lands and heritages the rateable value

thereof which would have been entered in the

valuation roll for the year beginning on the

sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, if this Act had not been passed,

and in relation to any area, the aggregate of

such rateable values of all the lands and

heritages in the area:

" L Weighted population" means in relation to any

county or large burgh, the weighted population

calculated in accordance with the rules set out

in Part III of the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

Tt 2

660

Power to

adjust

grants in

respect of

alteration of

areas before

16 th May

1930.

Commencement and

grants in

respect of

period

beginning

16 th May

1929.

Orders.

Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Transitory Provisions.

74. Where, after the commencement of the standard

year, and before the sixteenth day of May, nineteen

hundred and thirty, any alteration of authorities or

boundaries affecting any county or burgh, or any

separately rated area takes place, the Secretary of

State may make such equitable adjustments of the

amounts of the grants payable under this Part of this Act as he may deem necessary in consequence of such

alteration.

75. —(1) Save as otherwise expressly provided,

this Part of this Act shall come into operation on

the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and as respects the year beginning on

the said day there shall be paid to every authority

levying rates a sum equal to the amount estimated and

certified as being the difference between the sum receivable by the authority as the proceeds of rates in respect

of the said year and the sum which would have been so

receivable had the rateable value of the area of the

authority been calculated as if this Act had not passed:

Provided that, if the Secretary of State is satisfied that

the amount in the pound of the rates levied by any such

authority in respect of the said year has been abnormally

increased by reason of charges not ordinarily falling to be

borne by rates having been imposed thereon, the sum

payable to the authority under this section shall be such

as may be estimated and certified as the sum which

would have been so payable if the said amount in the

pound had not been so increased as aforesaid.

(2) The sums required for the payments directed

by subsection (1) of this section to be made to authorities

levying rates shall be paid, to the extent of four hundred

and seventy thousand pounds, out of the Rating Relief

Suspense Account, and, to the extent of the balance, out

of moneys provided by Parliament.

Part IV.

General.

76. —(1) The Secretary of State may by order make

any adaptations or modifications of the provisions of

any Act necessary to bring those provisions into conformity with the provisions of this Act.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

661

(2) Every order made under the foregoing subsection shall come into operation upon the date specified

therein in that behalf, and shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made, and such order

shall cease to have effect upon the expiration of a period

of three months from the date upon which it came into

operation unless prior to the expiration of that period it

has been approved by a resolution passed by each House

of Parliament:

Provided that, in reckoning any such period of

three months as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of

any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or dining which both Houses are adjourned for

more than four days.

(3) An order under the foregoing provisions of this section shall not be made after the thirty-first day

of December, nineteen hundred and thirty.

(4) The Secretary of State may by order make such

adaptations in the provisions of any local Act as may

seem to him to be necessary in order to make those

provisions conform with the provisions of this Act or in

order to make an equitable adjustment or apportionment

of any expenditure or payment under the local Act

consequent on the carrying into effect of the provisions

of this Act.

(5) Every order made under the immediately preceding subsection of this section or under subsection (2) of

section two or subsection (2) of section seventy-one of this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament

forthwith, and if an Address is presented to His Majesty

by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight days on which that House has sat,

after any such order is laid before it, praying that the

order may be annulled, it shall henceforth be void, but

without prejudice to the validity of anything previously

done thereunder or the making of a new order.

(6) Any order made under this Act may be revoked

or altered by a subsequent order.

(7) This section shall come into operation on the

sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

662

Ch. 25.

Infcerpre

tation.

52 & 63 Vict,

c. 60.

67 *68 Vict,

o. 58.

16 & 17

Geo. 6. c. 4T.

18 & 19 Vict.

c. 68.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

77.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires—

" Act of 1889" means the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889:

" Act of 1894" means the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894:

" Act of 1926" means the Rating (Scotland) Act,

1926:

" Agricultural Lands and Heritages, " " Industrial

Lands and Heritages, " " Freight Transport

Lands and Heritages, " " Industrial Purposes "

and " Freight Transport Purposes " have the

meanings respectively assigned to them in the

Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act,

1928:

" Allotments Acts" means the Allotments (Scotland)

Acts, 1892 to 1926:

" Burial Grounds Acts" means the Burial Grounds

(Scotland) Act, 1855, and the Acts amending

that Act, including this Act:

" Central Department " means—

(a) as respects poor law, public health,

medical inspection and treatment of school

children, and any other matter under the

general supervision of the Department of

Health, the said Department;

(b) as respects education (other than medical

inspection and treatment of school children)

the Scottish Education Department;

(c) as respects lunacy and mental deficiency,

the General Board of Control for Scotland;

(d) as respects registration of births, deaths

and marriages, the Registrar-General for Scotland;

(e) as respects roads, the Minister of

Transport; and

(f) as respects all other matters, the

Secretary of State:

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

663

" Classified Road" means a road classified by the Minister of Transport under the Ministry of 9 & 10

Transport Act, 1919, in Class I or Class II, or Geo. 5. c. 60.

in any class declared by him to be not inferior to

those classes for the purposes of this Act:

" Department of Health" means the Department of

Health for Scotland:

" Functions " includes powers and duties:

" Gross Annual Valuation " has the meaning

assigned to it in the Act of 1926:

" Landward " in relation to a county or parish

means the county or parish excluding any

burghs:

" Large Burgh" means a burgh containing a population of twenty thousand or upwards, and

includes the burgh of Arbroath:

" Local Act " includes a Provisional Order confirmed by Act of Parliament:

" Local Authority " has the meaning assigned to

it in the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) 54 & 55Viot.

Act, 1891: c - 34 -

" Officer " includes servant and a member of a police

force:

" Parish Council " includes any landward committee

thereof and two or more parish councils acting

in combination:

" Parish Trust" means any trust (other than an

ecclesiastical charity or educational endowment

within the meaning of the Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882) the property of

which is held wholly or mainly for the benefit

of the inhabitants of a parish or any of them

as such inhabitants or for any public purpose

connected with a parish:

" Poor Law Acts" means the Poor Law (Scotland) 8 & 9 Vict.

Act, 1845, and the Acts amending that Act, °* 83 -

including this Act:

664 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

" Property " and " liabilities " have the same

meaning as in the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1889:

" Public Libraries Acts" means the Public Libraries

(Scotland) Acts, 1887 to 1920:

" Rateable Value " and " Rateable Valuation " have

the meaning respectively assigned to them in

the Act of 1926 as amended by the Rating

and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928, and

Part II of this Act:

" Rate " includes water rate, but does not include

the fishery assessment levied under the Salmon

Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862, and the Acts

amending that Act or under any corresponding

provisions of a local Act:

"Rating Authority" means, as respects the landward part of a county, the county council,

and, as respects a burgh, the town council and

" Rating Area " shall be construed accordingly:

" Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages

Acts" means the Registration of Births, Deaths

and Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1910,

and any Acts amending those Acts, including

this Act:

" Small Burgh" means any burgh other than a

large burgh:

" Superannuation fund" means any superannuation

fund or scheme or other fund or scheme for

ensuring benefits to an officer on retirement:

Valuation Acts" means the Lands Valuation

(Scotland) Act, 1854, and the enactments amending that Act including this Act:

" Water rate " (except in the section of this Act

relating to consolidated rate) does not include a

rate levied as a domestic water rate.

(2) Any reference in this section to the population of a burgh shall be deemed to be a reference to

the population within the police boundaries thereof

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

665

according to the census of nineteen hundred and

twenty-one unless it shall be established to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State within thirty days

after the passing of this Act that in the case of any

burgh it has a larger population as at the passing of this Act; and in any such case such reference shall be taken

to be the larger population so established.

(3) Where the county council exercise any function within a burgh, the burgh shall for the purpose of

such function be deemed to be included within the

county.

(4) Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any statutory provision shall be

construed as a reference to the statutory provision as

amended or extended or applied by any subsequent Act,

including this Act.

(5) Unless the context otherwise requires, references

to any parish, burgh or other district in any statutory

provision relating to any function by or under this Act

transferred shall, so far as relating to the transferred

function, be construed as references to the area of the

transferee authority:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall apply

to references to a parish

(o) in Part V of the Act of 1894 as respects parish

trusts; or

(b) in the provisions of the Public Libraries Acts,

except those relating to the defraying of

expenses incurred under the said Acts.

(6) Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to affect

the parish, burgh or other registration district for which

a registrar is required to be appointed under the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages Acts or the

provisions of those Acts with respect to registration

districts.

(7) Save as herein expressly otherwise provided,

nothing in this Act with respect to the transfer of functions relating to police or to any other service shall be

deemed to involve the transfer of the functions under

any Act passed before this Act where the local authority

666 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

under that Act is ascertained by reference to burghs

which- have or are entitled to have a separate police

force or to provide such other service.

(8) The provisions of the Valuation Acts relating to

counties and burghs shall respectively apply to county

councils and town councils of large burghs exercising by

virtue of this Act the functions under the said Acts.

Declaration

of intention

as to future

increases

of local expenditure.

78. It is hereby declared that it is the intention of this Act that, in the event of material additional

expenditure being imposed on any class of local authorities

by reason of the institution of a new public health or

other service after the commencement of tills Act, provision should be made for increased contributions out of

moneys provided by Parliament.

Repeals. 79.—(1) The enactments mentioned in the Ninth

Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule; provided

that such of the said enactments as relate to the accounts

and the audit of the accounts of local authorities shall

continue to have effect for such period as may be

necessary after the commencement of this Act for the

purposes of the making up, balancing and audit of the

accounts of those authorities for the year ending on

the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty,

and for any previous year.

(2) Where provision is made by any Act for dividing

a county into districts for the purposes thereof, any

provisions restricting the districts for the purposes of

such Act to or by reference to the districts under the

Act of 1889 shall cease to have- effect.

Citation 00. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Local Govem-

and com. ment (Scotland) Act, 1929.

mencement. '

(2) Save as otherwise expressly provided, this Act

shall come into operation on the sixteenth day of May,

nineteen hundred and thirty.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

667

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section’2.

Part I.

Statutory Provisions regarding Functions of Town Councils of

Small Burghs transferred to County Councils.

1. The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages

(Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1910.

2. The Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, and the

enactments amending that Act.

3. The Cattlesheds in Burghs (Scotland) Act, 1866.

4 . The Explosives Acts, 1875 to 1923.

5. The Rivers Pollution Prevention Acts, 1876 and 1893.

6. The Infectious Disease (Notification) Act, 1889.

7. The Sale of Horseflesh, &c., Regulation Act, 1889.

8. The Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to 1927.

9. The Public Health (Scotland) Acts, 1897 to 1907, so far

as relating to infectious, epidemic and endemic diseases, buildings

for post-mortem examinations, vaccination and unsound food.

10. Section one hundred and ten of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

11. Section fifty-four of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act,

1903.

12. The Notification of Births Acts, 1907 and 1915.

13. The Milk and Dairies (Scotland) Act, 1914.

14. The Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915.

15. Section five (b) of the Local Government (Emergency

Provisions) Act, 1916.

16. The Venereal Disease Act, 1917.

17. Section four of the Maternity and Child Welfare Act,

1918.

18. The Rats and Mice (Destruction) Act, 1919.

19. The Blind Persons Act, 1920.

20. The Milk and Dairies (Amendment) Act, 1922.

21. The Public Health (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1925.

22. The Town Pl ann ing (Scotland) Act, 1925.

23. The Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1926.

24. The Wireless Telegraphy (Blind Persons Facilities) Act,

1926. i

25. The Midwives and Maternity Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

26. The Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 192S

27. The Petroleum (Consolidation) Act, 1928 (except section

eleven).

668

Ch. 25.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Part II.

1st Sch. Functions of Town Councils of Small Burghs relating to the

— cont. following matters which, so far as not transferred by this Act,

may be transferred to County Councils by Order of Secretary

of Stale.

1. Adulteration of food and drugs, and unsound food.

2. Diseases of animals.

3. Infectious diseases.

4. Milk and dairies.

5. Prevention of pollution of rivers.

Section 10. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Burghs united.

1. The burghs of Kilrenny, Anstruther Easter and An-

struther Wester shall be united.

2. The burgh of Elie, Liberty and Williamsburgh and the

burgh of Earlsforry shall be united.

3. The burghs of Bonnyrigg and Lasswade shall be united.

4. The burghs of Blairgowrie and Rattray shall be united.

Sections 15, THIRD SCHEDULE.

26. _

Audit of Accounts of County and Town Councils.

1. The Secretary of State shall from time to time and for

such period as he may determine appoint one or more fit persons

(hereinafter referred to as " the auditor ") to audit the accounts

of each county council and of each town council and may remove

any auditor. Intimation of the appointment of the auditor

shall be given to the council concerned and to the auditor prior

to the commencement of his term of office. The auditors of the

accounts of the corporation of the city of Glasgow shall not be

fewer than twenty without the consent of the corporation, and

the tenure of office of such auditors shall not be less than five

years from the date of appointment unless otherwise agreed with

the corporation.

2. The county council or the town council, as the case may

be, shall pay to the auditor such salary and allowances as shall

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

669

from time to time be fixed by the council subject to the approval

of the Secretary of State.

3. The Secretary of State may make regulations either

generally or in the case of any particular council as to the manner

in which the audit of the accounts of a council shall be conducted

by the auditor and any such regulations may, in the case of a

particular council where it appears to the Secretary of State

expedient so to do, vary the procedure and the times and

periods specified in paragraphs 5, 6, 7, and 11 of this Schedule.

4. Every county council and town council shall make available

for inspection by the auditor all books, deeds, contracts, vouchers,

receipts, and other documents and papers (in this Schedule

referred to as books and documents) which he may deem necessary,

and shall give the auditor every reasonable facility for carrying

out the audit, and the auditor, on giving not less than seven

days’ previous notice in writing, may require any person holding

any books or documents or accountable therefor to appear before

him and to produce the same and to make and sign a declaration

as to the correctness or identity of the same, and if such person

neglects or refuses so to appear or to produce any such books,

deeds, or documents, or to make or sign such declaration he shall

incur for every neglect or refusal a penalty not exceeding forty

shillings, and if he falsely or corruptly makes or signs any such

declaration, knowing the same to be untrue in any material

particular, he shall be liable to the penalties inflicted on persons

guilty of perjury.

5. Before each audit is completed the county clerk or town

clerk, as the case may be, shall, after receiving from the auditor

intimation of the time and place hereinafter mentioned, give

at least fourteen days’ public notice in such manner as the

Secretary of State may prescribe (a) of the deposit of the

abstract of accounts required by this Schedule, (b) of the time

and place at which the auditor will attend for the purpose of

receiving objections with respect to the accounts as hereinafter

provided, and (c) of the name and address of the auditor.

6. An abstract in duplicate of the accounts duly made

up, balanced, and signed in such manner as the Secretary of

State may prescribe shall be deposited in the office of the council

and be open between the hours of eleven forenoon and three

afternoon on any week day, other than Saturday, and between

the hours of eleven forenoon and one afternoon on Saturday,

to the inspection of all ratepayers within the county or within

the burgh, as the case may be, for seven clear days before the

date notified as aforesaid, and all such persons shall be at liberty

to take copies of or extracts from the same without any fee,

and any officer of the council duly appointed in that behalf

refusing to allow inspection thereof shall be liable to a penalty

not exceeding five pounds.

3bd Sch.

— cont.

670

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

7. Any ratepayer may make any objection to such accounts

or any part thereof and shall transmit the same and the grounds

thereof in writing to the auditor and a copy thereof to the officer

concerned and to the county clerk or town clerk, as the case may

be, two clear days before the time notified as aforesaid, and any

ratepayer may be present at the time and place notified as

aforesaid, and may support any objection made by him as

hereinbefore provided either by himself or by any other

ratepayer, and the auditor, if so requested, shall at the same

time hear any representation which may be made to him on

behalf of the council or officer concerned in regard to such

objection.

8. If it shall appear to any auditor acting in pursuance

of this Schedule that any payment is in his opinion contrary

to law and should be disallowed or that any sum which in his

opinion ought to have been is not brought into account by any

person, whether such payment or failure to account has been

made matter of objection or not, he shall, by an interim report

under his hand, report thereon to the Secretary of State setting

forth the grounds of his opinion as aforesaid, and the Secretary

of State shall cause such interim report to be intimated to the

objector, if any, to the officer or other person affected thereby,

and to the council concerned, and shall consider any statement

in writing which may be made to him thereon by or on behalf

of any party to whom such intimation was given within fourteen

days of the date of such intimation, and after such further

inquiry as he may think fit the Secretary of State shall decide

all questions raised by such interim report and shall disallow

all illegal payments and surcharge the amount of any illegal

payment or of any loss or deficiency due to failure to bring a

sum into account upon any person or persons by whose negligence

or wrongful act that payment has been made or authorised or

that loss or deficiency has been incurred:

Provided that, before deciding any question raised by an

interim report, the Secretary of State may, on the application

of the auditor or of any party to whom the interim report requires

to be intimated as aforesaid, and shall, if so directed by either

division of the Court of Session state a case on any question of

law arising on the interim report for the opinion of either division

of the Court of Session, and the procedure in the stated case shall

be such as may be prescribed by Act of Sederunt.

9. If the Secretary of State is satisfied that the person

making the illegal payment or authorising it to be made, or

failing to bring the sum into account, acted reasonably, or in the

belief that his action was authorised by law, or that the payment

was made, or the failure took place under such circumstances

as to make it fair and equitable that a disallowance or surcharge

should not be made, the Secretary of State shall abstain from

ma king a disallowance or surcharge.

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

671

10. Every sum determined by the Secretary of State under

this Schedule to be due from any person shall be paid by such

person to the council within fourteen days after such determination has been intimated to him, and if such sum is not so

paid it shall be the duty of the auditor to recover the same, and

the council shall reimburse him for his expenses (including a

reasonable allowance for his time) in so far as not recovered from

the person surcharged.

11. Within fourteen days after the completion of the audit

or, as the case may be, after any question raised under an interim

report by an auditor has been determined as aforesaid the auditor

shall report on the accounts audited, and shall certify on each

duplicate abstract thereof the amount in words at length of the

expenditure so audited and allowed, and further that all the

regulations with respect to the accounts have been complied

with, and that he has ascertained by the audit the correctness of the accounts. He shall forthwith send one duplicate abstract of the accounts to the council and the other duplicate abstract to

the Secretary of State, provided that, if the Secretary of State

shall so determine, such abstract may come in place of and render

unnecessary a return of the receipts and expenditure of the

council in pursuance of the Local Taxation Returns (Scotland)

Act, 1881. The auditor shall also send to the accountant of the

Scottish Education Department (in this Schedule referred to as

the Department) a copy of the abstract of the accounts relating

to education of every county council and of the town council of

every burgh being a county of a city with a report and certificate

thereon as aforesaid.

12. The council shall cause the certified duplicate abstract

of accounts sent to them as aforesaid to be deposited in their

office for at least fourteen clear days and a notice to be published

once weekly for at least two successive weeks in one or more

of the newspapers published or circulating in the county or the

burgh of the time and place during which the said abstract shall

be open to the inspection of all ratepayers within the county

or within the burgh, as the case may be.

13. Where any surcharge has been made as hereinbefore

provided or the auditor has made any report (other than an

interim report) respecting the accounts or the receipts and

expenditure of the council, the Secretary of State may require

the council to cause such public notice as he may direct to be

given of the surcharge or report and in case of default in such

publication the Secretary of State may cause such notice to be

given, and the cost of such notice to the amount certified by the

Secretary of State shall be a debt due from the council to His

Majesty and the county clerk or town clerk, as the case may

be, shall be liable in case of such default in such notice being

given to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

672 Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

3rd Sch. 14. In the application of this Schedule to the accounts

cont - relating to education of a county council or of a town council

of a burgh being a county of a city the following modifications

and provisions shall have effect:—

(a) References in paragraphs 8, 9, and 10 to the Secretary of

State shall be construed as references to the Scottish

Education Department;

(b) Notwithstanding anything in this Schedule and for the

purpose of securing compliance with the statutes relating

to education and the orders, regulations and minutes

thereunder—

(i) The accountant of the Department may also,

by demand in writing, require the production before

him of all the accounts of any such council relating

to education and of all bookB and documents which

he may deem necessary for the purpose of exa mining

the said accounts, and shall have the same powers

as the auditor with reference to requiring the appearance before him of any person, the production of any

books or documents and declarations aB to the same,

and the provisions of paragraph 4 of this Schedule so

far as relating to penalties for neglect or refusal or

making an untrue declaration shall apply as in the

case of a requirement by the auditor;

(ii) If it shall appear to the accountant of the

Department that any payment included in the said

accounts is in his opinion contrary to law or that any

sum which in his opinion ought to have been is not

brought into account by any person he shall report

thereon to the Department, setting forth the grounds

of his opinion, and the Department shall cause

6uch report to be intimated to the officer of the

council or other person concerned with the payment

or the failure to bring into account and also to the

council, and shall give such officer, person, or council

an opportunity of submitting representations thereon,

and if the Department agree with the accountant

they shall cause intimation to be given to the council

and to the officer or other person concerned and also

to the auditor that in the event of any expenditure

of the same nature as any such payment as aforesaid

being incurred by the council after the date of such

intimation or of any similar failure by the council to

bring any sum into account after such date it shall

be the duty of the auditor to make an interim report

with respect thereto;

In this paragraph the expression "accountant of the

Department " has the meaning assigned to it in section

twenty-three of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908.

673

3rd Sch,

— cant.

Section 17.

Maximum Rates oe Allowances in bespeot of

Travelling and other Personal Expenses

NECESSARILY INCURRED AND TIME NECESSARILY

lost from Ordinary Employment by Members

of a County Council or of any Committee or

Sub-Committee thereof in attending meetings.

I .—Travelling Expenses.

A sum representing the amount of third-class railway fare or

first-class steamer fare between the place of meeting and the

ordinary place of residence of the member of the council,

committee or sub-committee. In so far as there is no railway

service but a public service by some other means of transport is

available the amount of the fare by such other means of transport and in so far as there is no railway or other public means of

transport the cost of a hired conveyance if such cost is approved

by the council.

II .—Other Personal Expenses.

(a) When attendance at the meeting has entailed absence from

the ordinary place of residence of the member of not less than

four hours, the sum of three shillings and fourpence.

(i b)Where such attendance has entailed an absence from the

ordinary place of residence of the member of not less than eight

hours, the sum of six shillings and eightpence.

(c) Where such attendance has entailed one or more nights

of absence from the ordinary place of residence of the member,

the sum of one pound for each night necessarily spent away from

home. Eaoh such payment of one pound shall cover a period of

twenty-four hours and paragraph (a) or (b ), as the case may be,

shall apply in the case of any further period of absence of less

than twenty-four hours.

III .—Time necessarily lost from ordinary employment.

The sum of seven shillings and six pence for each half day and

the sum of fifteen shillings for each full day necessarily so lost.

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25.

Act, 1929.

15. For the purposes of this Schedule, any ratepayer within

a burgh shall as respects accounts of a county council relating to

a function for the purposes of which that burgh is included

within the county, be deemed to be a ratepayer within the county.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Uu

674

Ch. 25.

Section 52.

Sections 52.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Discontinued Grants.

1. The grants payable out of the Consolidated Fund or the

growing produce thereof into the Local Taxation (Scotland)

Account.

2. The grants in aid of certain health services, that is to

say, grants for maternity and child welfare, other than the

training of midwives and health visitors, grants for the treat

ment of tuberculosis, grants for the treatment of venereal

diseases, grants for the welfare of the blind, and grants in respect

of mental defectives.

3. Road grants, that is to say, grants made as classification

grants in respect of roads and bridges classified by the Minister

of Transport as roads and bridges of Class I. or Class II. in

large burghs, and as grants for the maintenance of unclassified

roads in counties.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Certain Payments heretofore

Payable out of the Local Taxation (Scotland)

Account.

Payment‘i to Education (Scotland)Fund.

In lieu of the payments which have hitherto been made

to the Education (Scotland) Fund out of the Local Taxation

(Scotland) Account there shall in each year be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament and carried to that Fund a sum equal

to the amount of the sums payable thereto out of the said

Account in respect of the year ending the thirty-first day of Man-h,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

Payment* to the Agriculture (Scotland) Fund.

In lieu of the sum which has hitherto been paid out of the

Local Taxation (Scotland) Account and carried to the Agriculture

(Scotland) Fund there shall in each year be paid out of moneys

provided by Parliament and carried to that Fund the sum of

fifteen thousand pounds.

1921). Local Gorernment (Scotland) Ch. 25.

Act, 1929.

Sum distributed among Universities of Scotland.

In lieu of the sum which has hitherto been paid out of the

Local Taxation (Scotland) Account and distributed among the

Universities of Scotland, there shall in each year be paid out of

moneys provided by Parliament a sum of thirty thousand pounds,

which sum shall be distributed among the Universities of Scotland

in such manner and in accordance with such conditions as may be

set forth in an Ordinance or Ordinances of the Commissioners

under the Universities (Scotland) Act, 1889.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Rules for Calculations in respect op General

Exchequer Grants.

Part I.

Rules for determining Losses on account of Rates.

1. There shall be estimated and certified as respects each

rating area—

(a) the expenditure in respect of the standard year which

would have fallen to be borne by rates levied in that area

on the assumption that the expenditure on the transferred functions was expenditure by the transferee

authority except that expenditure on any function

for the purpose of which a large burgh is included

within a county, shall, so far as such expenditure

relates to the large burgh, be assumed to be expenditure

by the town council of the burgh;

(b) the unreduced rateable value of the area;

(c) the reduced rateable value of the area;

(d) the difference between the unreduced rateable value and

the reduced rateable value of the area. That difference

increased by a percentage ascertained in the prescribed

manner in respect of unoccupied lands and heritages is

hereinafter referred to as " the loss of rateable value."

2. In estimating and certifying the expenditure on the

transferred functions by a county or large burgh for the

purposes of the foregoing rule in any case where the area of a

transferor authority is not wholly comprised in one county or

large burgh, the expenditure of the authority shall be apportioned

between the several counties and large burghs into which the area

Uu 2

675

6th Suh.

—coat.

Sections 57,

5x, 59, 70,

71, 72, 73.

Sections 59,

70, 73.

676

Ch. 25.

7th Sch.

— cont.

Section 73.

Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

extends, and the amount apportioned to any such county or

burgh shall be deemed to be the expenditure by the county

council or the council of the burgh on the transferred functions.

3. The loss on account of rates of a rating area shall be

a sum bearing the same proportion to expenditure which

would have fallen to be borne by rates as aforesaid as the loss

of rateable value of the area bears to the unreduced rateable

value thereof.

4. The loss on account of rates of a county shall be the

aggregate of the losses on account of rates of the several separate

rating areas within the county.

5. For the purpose of estimating the loss on account of a

special rate, the foregoing rules shall have effect as if the

expression " rates " meant such special rate, and the expression

rating area " meant the area in which such special rate is levied

and the loss on account of the special rates of a county shall be

the aggregate of the losses on account of special rates of the

areas within the county in which special rates are levied.

Part II.

Lutes for Determining Losses on Account of Grants.

1. There shall be estimated and certified the amounts paid

or payable in respect of the standard year to spending authorities

within each county and large burgh out of the discontinued

grants, after deducting therefrom a sum equal to such part of the amounts paid or payable in respect of the standard year out

of the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account as was in pursuance of

any statutory requirement applicable for the purposes of education

or police services within the county or burgh:

Provided that for the purposes of this rule, no part of the

annual or additional annual grant (so far as relating to agricultural

lands and heritages) made under the Agricultural Rates (Scotland)

Acts, 1896 to 1923, shall be deemed to have been so applicable

as aforesaid.

2. The amounts aforesaid shall be estimated and certified

as if the road grants had been payable in respect of the standard

year at the rates at which they were payable immediately

before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty.

3. In estimating and certifying the amount aforesaid, in

any case where the area for which a spending authority acts is not

wholly comprised in one county or large burgh, the amount paid

or payable to the spending authority out of the discontinued

grants shall be apportioned between the several counties and large

burghs into which the area extends, and the amount apportioned

1929. Local Government (Scotland) Ch. 25.

Act, 1929.

to any county or large burgh shall be deemed to be an amount

paid or payable to a spending authority within that county or

burgh.

4. The loss on account of grants of a spending authority shall

be the amounts so estimated and certified as respects that

authority, and the loss on account of grants of a county or large

burgh shall be the aggregate of the losses on account of grants

of the spending authorities within the county or large burgh.

5. For the purpose of the rules contained in this Part of this

Schedule the expression spending authorities shall include

voluntary associations and joint authorities to which grants

were paid or payable in respect of the standard year.

Part III.

Rules for determining Weighted Population.

1. The estimated population of the county or large burgh

in the appropriate year shall be increased—

(i) if the estimated number of children under five years of

age per thousand of the estimated population exceeds

fifty, by the percentage represented by the proportion

which that excess bears to fifty;

(ii) if, in the appropriate year, the rateable value per head of the estimated population of the county or burgh is less

than twelve pounds ten shillings, by the percentage

represented by the proportion which the deficiency

bears to twelve pounds ten shillings.

In ascertaining the rateable value of a county or large

burgh for the purpose of this paragraph account shall not be

taken of—

(a) any lands and heritages the occupier of which is

exempted from the payment of rates in respect thereof

by virtue of a provision contained in a public general

Act (other than a provision only empowering the council

to grant exemption); and

(b) such lands and heritages (not being lands and heritages

occupied by the council of the county or burgh) as the

Secretary of State may by order prescribe, being lands

and heritages the occupier of which is exempted from

the payment of rates in respect thereof by virtue of

any such provision as aforesaid contained in a local

Act.

2. There shall be estimated and certified the average numbers

during the three calendar years immediately preceding the

beginning of each fixed grant period of unemployed insured

677

7th~Sch.

— cont.

Sections 67,

72, 73.

678

Ch. 25.

7th Sch.

— cmi.

Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

men and of unemployed insured women resident in each county

and large burgh, and there shall he ascertained the percentage

represented by the proportion which the number of unemployed

insured men increased by ten per cent, of the number of

unemployed insured women bears to the average estimated

population of the county or burgh for those three years, and if

as respects any county or large burgh that percentage exceeds

one-and-a-half, the estimated population of the county or burgh

in the appropriate year as increased in accordance with Rule 1

contained in this Part of this Schedule shall be further increased

by a percentage equal to the amount of such excess multiplied

by the appropriate multiple.

3. There shall be ascertained and certified the number of

miles of road in every county and the estimated population of

every such county as increased in accordance with Rule 1

contained in this Part of this Schedule shall be further increased—

(a) in the case of a county in which the estimated population per mile of roads is in the appropriate year less

than one hundred, by the percentage represented by

the proportion which the difference between two hundred

and the estimated population per mile of roads bears to

two hundred; and

(b) in the case of a county in which the estimated population per mile of roads is in the appropriate year

one hundred or more, by the percentage represented

by the proportion which fifty bears to the estimated

population per mile of roads.

4. The estimated population of the county or large burgh

as increased in accordance with the provisions of the foregoing

rules contained in this Part of this Schedule shall be the weighted

population of the county or burgh.

5. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule—

The rateable value in the appropriate year for the first

fixed grant period shall be the reduced rateable

value:

" The appropriate multiple " shall, as resjects the first

and second fixed grant periods, be ten, and as respects

any subsequent fixed grant period be a number

ascertained in the following manner :—

(i) the ratio which tic total amount of the

General Exchequer Contribution in the fixed grant

period in question bears to the part thereof distributed in that fixed grant period under paragraph (b)

of subsection (1) of section iifty-five of this Act

shall be ascertained:

1929.

Local Government, (Scotland)

Act., 1929.

Ch. 25.

079

(ii) the ratio which the total amount of the

General Exchequer Contribution in the first fixed

grant period bears to the part thereof distributed

in that fixed grant period under the said paragraph

shall he ascertained:

(iii) the required number shall be such number

as hears to ten the same proportion as the ratio

ascertained under paragraph (i) of this rule bears

to the ratio ascertained under paragraph (ii)

thereof.

Part IV.

Rule* for calculating sinus to be allocated to small Burghs arid

Landward Areas on the basis of Population.

1. The number of pence produced by dividing one half of the total amount of the county apportionments (exclusive of

any sums paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to make

good a deficiency in any such apportionment) to counties

by the aggregate of the estimated populations of those counties

in the appropriate year shall be ascertained to the nearest penny.

2. The amount to be allocated to a small burgh shall be the

number of pence ascertained under Rule 1 contained in this Part

of this Schedule multiplied by the estimated population of the

burgh in the appropriate year.

3. The amount to be allocated to the landward area shall

be two-thirds of the number of pence ascertained under Rule 1

contained in this Part of this Schedule multiplied by the

estimated population of the area in the appropriate year.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Rules for ascertaining Gains and Losses of Areas.

1. There shall be estimated and certified as respects each

separately rated area the rate in the pound required to raise an

amount certified as being the amount of the expenditure for the

standard year falling to be borne by rates (other than special

rates) in that area on the assumptions that the rateable values of

all lands and heritage's were the unreduced rateable values thereof,

and that the exjit nditure on the transferred functions was incurred

by the various spending authorities as existing before the transfer

of those functions.

7th Si h.

-—< Dill.

Sections 58,

72.

Sections 60,

62, 63, 71.

680

Ch. 25.

8is S< h.

— emit.

Local Government (Scotland)19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

2. There shall be estimated and certified the rate in the

pound which would be required to raise an amount certified as

being the amount of such part of the expenditure for the standard

year as would have fallen to be borne by rates (other than special

rates) in that area on the following assumptions—

(a) that the rateable values of all lands and heritages were

the reduced rateable values thereof; and

(It) that the expenditure on the transferred functions was

expenditure by the transferee authority except that

expenditure on any function for the purpose of which

a large burgh is included within a county shall, so far

as such expenditure relates to the large burgh, be

assumed to be expenditure by the town council of the

burgh; and

(c) that the standard year was a year falling within the first

fixed grant period and that the provisions of Part III

of this Act, other than sections sixty, sixty-two and

sixty-three had been in operation.

3. In estimating and certifying the expenditure on the

transferred functions by a county counoil or the council of a

large burgh in any case where the area for which a transferor

authority acts is not wholly comprised in one county or large

burgh, the expenditure of the authority shall be apportioned

between the several counties and large burghs into which the

area extends and the amount so apportioned to any such county

or burgh shall be deemed to be expenditure by the county

council or town council of the large burgh on the transferred

functions.

4. The difference resulting from subtracting the rate under

Rule 2 contained in this Schedule from the rate under Rule 1

contained therein shall be ascertained.

5. If as respects any area the difference is a plus quantity,

the estimated proceeds of a rate equivalent to the difference levied

on the reduced rateable value of the area shall be deemed to be

the gain of the area.

6. If the difference is a minus quantity, the estimated

proceeds of a rate equivalent to the difference levied on the

reduced rateuble value of the area shall be deemed to be the lose

of the area.

1929.

Load Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

681

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed

Section 79.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 83.

The Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1S45.

17 & 18 Vict,

c. 91.

The Lands Valuation

(Scotland) Act, 1854.

18 & 19 Vict,

c. 29.

18 & Id Vict,

c. 68.

The Registration of

Births, Deaths and

Marriages (Scotland)

Act, 1855.

The Burial Grounds

(Scotland) Act, IN55.

Extent Repeal-

In se -tion fifty-five the words

from " hare the custody of "

to " duty of the said inspector to " and the word "to "

where it occurs before the

words " keep, " " visit, "

" report " and " perform."

Section fifty-seven.

In section sixty’-two the words

from " Provided always " to

the end of the section.

Section nineteen.

Section four.

Section three.

19 & 20 Vict,

c. 93.

20 Vict. c. 11.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 71.

The Commissioners of

Supply (Scotland)

Act, 1856.

The Co mm issioners of

Supply (Scotland)

Act, 1857.

The Lunacy (Scotland)

Act, 1857.

The whole Ac I.

The whole Act.

Sections fifty-four and fifty-

five.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 72.

23 & 24 Vict,

c. 85.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 62.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 53.

The Police (Scotland)

Act, 1857.

Tl e Registration of

Births, Deaths and

Marriages (Scotland)

Act, 1860

The Education (Scot

land) Act, 1S72.

The Prisons (Scotland 1

Act, 1877.

Sections fifty-eight, fifty-nine

and sixty.

In section five the words from

" and also to regulate, " to

" hereinbefore repealed."

Sections fifteen and sixteen.

In Bection forty-eight the

words from the commencement of the section to " the

expenditure thereof."

Section fifty T -two.

Sections sixty-one (so far as

not repealed) and sixty-two.

682

Ch. 25.

Local Government [Scotland) 10 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1029.

9TH bCH.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

41 & 42 Vict. The Roads and Bridges

c. 51. (Scotland) Act, 1878.

41 & 42 Vict. The Education (Scot-

c. 78. land) Act, 1878.

50 & 51 Vict. The Lunacy Districts

c. 3.9. (Scotland) Act, 1887.

50 & 51 Vict. The Public Libraries

c. 42. Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1887.

52 & 53 Vict. The Local Government

c. 50. (Scotland) Act, 1889.

Sections eighteen, twenty-

seven and twenty-nine.

Sec lions fifteen, sixteen and

seventeen.

Section one.

In section two in the definition of "parish " the words

from " for which " to " shall

" be."

In subsection (2) of section

four the words from " Pro-

" vided that " to the end

of the subsection.

Sections seven and twelve.

In subsection (2) of section

sixteen, paragraph (c). Sections seventeen and eighteen.

Part II.

In subsection (1) of section

twenty-seven the words from

" except that the rate " to

" as the case may be."

Subsection (1) of section

thirty-seven.

Section fifty-three.

Subsections (3) and (4) of

section sixty, section sixty-

six.

In subsection (1) of section

sixty-seven the words from

" with the consent " to

" appointed in pursuance of

" this Act " and the words

from " but neither the transfer, " to the end of the subsection, and in subsection (2)

of the i -ud section the words

"with the cement of the

" ■odd si •mding joint com-

" niith e."

In f •etion sixty-eight the

words "including those of

" the district committees "

in Hub. ection (1), and the

words "including as afore-

" said " in subsection (2).

Sections sixty - nine and

se venty.

1929

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Oi. 25.

683

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

52 < & 53 Vict.

The Local Government

In section seventy-one the

c. 50— cont.

(Scotland) Act, 1S8D

— ont.

words " including those of

" the district committee."

Subsection (8) of section

seventy-three.

Sections seventy-seven to

eighty inclusive and section

eighty-two.

In subsection (6) of section

eighty-three the words

" district clerk " wherever

these words occur, the words

"or by any district com-

" mittee " and the words

" or district committee as

" the ease may be."

53 & 54 Vict.

The Customs and

Section seven so far as re-

c. 8.

Inland Revenue Act,

1890.

lating to Scotland.

53 & 54 Vict.

The Local Taxation

The whole Act so far as

c. 60.

(Customs and Excise)

Act, 1890.

relating to Scotland.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 51.

The Education and

Local Taxation

Account (Scotland)

Act, 1892.

The whole Act.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 55.

The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

Section eighty-one.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 30.

The Finance Act, 1894

Section nineteen so far as

relating to Scotland.

57 & 58 Vict.

The Local Government

Section thirty-two.

c. 58.

(Scotland) Act, 1894.

Section thirty-six.

Subsection (1) of section

thirty-eight.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 37.

The Agricultural Rates

Congested Districts

and Burch Land Tax

Relief (Scotland) Act,

1896.

The whole Art.

60 & 61 Vict.

The Public Health

In section one hundred and

c. 3K.

1

(Scotland) Act, 1897

thirty-seven the words from

the commencement of the

section to the words "one

" shilling in the pound."

Section one hundred and

thirty-eight, so far ns relating to small burghs.

9th Sch.

— rant.

Ch. 25. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

9th Sch.

— cont. Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repo&l.

60 & 61 Vict. The Parish Councils The whole Act.

c. 49. Casual Vacancies

(Scotland) Act, 1897.

60 & 01 Vict. The Congested His- Paragraph (1) of section three,

c. 53. tricts (Scotland) Act,

1897.

61 & 62 Vict. The Local Taxation The whole Act.

c. 56. Account (Scotland)

Act, 1898.

63 & 64 Vict. The Town Councils Sections ninety-four and

e. 49. (Scotland) Act, 1900. ninety-five.

Section ninety-six except the

second paragraph thereof.

3 Edw. 7. The Town Councils In section seven the second

c. 34. (Scotland) Act, 1903. paragraph.

5 Edw. 7.

c. 18.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 63.

The Unemployed '

Workmen Act, 1905.

The Finance Act, 1907

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1908.

10 Edw. 7.

c. 8.

The Finance (1909-10)

Act, 1910.

1 Geo. 5. c. 2. The Revenue Act, 1911

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 49.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 37.

3 & 4 Geo. 5

c. 38.

The Small Landholders

(Scotland) Act, 1911.

The National Insurance Act, 1913.

The Mental Deficiency

and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

The whole Act so far as

relating to Scotland.

Section seventeen and the

Second Schedule so far as

relating to Scotland.

Section fifteen, so far as

relating to payment of sums

out of the Local Taxation

(Scotland) Account to the

Education (Scotland) Fund.

Subsections (1), (2) and (6) of

section twenty-three.

Section twenty-five.

Subsection (1) of section

eighty-eight so far as relating to Scotland.

Section seventeen so far as

relating to Scotland and

subsection (2) of section

eighteen.

Paragraph (a) of section five.

Subsection (4) of section forty-

one.

Section twenty-two.

The second proviso to section

twenty-six.

Section twenty-seven (so far

as relating to parish

councils).

1929.

Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 25.

C85

Session and

Chapter.

Short Titlo.

Extent of Repeal.

9th Sch.

— COtit '

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 38— cont.

6 & 7 Geo. 6.

c. 12.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 48.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 31.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

e. 39.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 38.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 33.

The Mental Deficiency

and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913—conf.

The Local Government

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 72.

The Roads Act, 1920

The Police Pensions

Act, 1921.

The Agricultural Rates

Act, 1923.

The National Health

Insurance Act, 1924.

The Agricultural Rates

(Additional Grant)

Continuance Act,

1925.

The Church of Scotland

(Property and Endowments) Act, 1925.

Sections thirty-seven and

thirty-eight.

Section sixty-four (except subsection (4)).

Sections sixty-five and sixty-

seven.

Paragraph (3) of section

twenty-two.

Sections one and two.

The proviso to section five.

Section twelve.

Subsection (4) of section thirteen.

Sections twenty-two and

twenty-three.

Paragraph (5) of section

thirty-one.

First Schedule.

Second Schedule (other than

paragraph 12).

In section two, so far as relating to Scotland, subsection

(2), and in subsection (3)

the words "balance of the "

and the words "after de-

" ducting the sums to be

" paid to the local taxation

" accounts under this seo-

" tion."

Subsection (3) of section

twenty-two so far as relating

to Scotland.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed and so far as relating

to Scotland.

Subsection (6) of section one

hundred and seven so far as

relating to Scotland, and

paragraph (a) of subsection

(2) of section one hundred

and sixteen.

The whole Act so far as relating to Scotland.

Section forty-three.

C86

Ch. 25, 2G. Local Government (Scotland) 19 & 20 Geo. '5.

Act, 1929.

9th Sch.

— cont.

Complete

exemption of

agricultural

hereditaments from

rates in

respect of

current

half-year.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1

Extent of Kepeul.

15 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Education (Scot-

Section two.

c. 89.

land) Act, 1925.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

The Eating (Scotland)

Section two (other than sub-

c. 47.

Act, 1920.

section (4) ).

Sections five, eight, ten, thirteen and eighteen.

Subsections (1), (4) and (0)’of

section twenty-five.

In subsection (1) of section

twenty-nine in the definition

of rateable valuation the

words from " except that for

the purpose " to " gross

" annual value thereof."

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to grant complete exemption from rates

during the current half-year in the case of

agricultural hereditaments in England to which

the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment)

Act, 1928, applies; and for purposes in connection therewith.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No person shall be liable to pay rates in

respect of the occupation of any hereditament during

any part of the current half-year during which the

hereditament is deemed in accordance with the provisions

of this section to be an agricultural hereditament.

(2) The occupier of any hereditament shown in a

draft special list or special list as being an agricultural

hereditament shall, so long as the hereditament is so

shown, be entitled to be repaid any sum paid by him, and

1929. Agricultural Hates Ch. 20* 687

Act, 1929.

to withhold any sum demanded from him. in payment of

any rate in respect of the occupation thereof made in

respect of the current half-year or any part thereof, but

without prejudice to his liability to pay sc much of the rate

as is chargeable against him in respect of the occupation

of the hereditament during any part of the current half-

year during which it is not deemed, in accordance with

the provisions of this section, to have been an agricultural

hereditament.

For the purposes of this subsection, a hereditament

shown in a draft special list a.s being an agricultural

hereditament, according to the conclusions finally arrived

at with respect thereto either by the rating authority

or by the revenue officer, shall be deemed to be shown

in the list as being an agricultural hereditament.

(3) Any person shall be entitled to recover from

the rating authority any sums paid by him by way of

rates in respect of the occupation of a hereditament

during any part of the current half-year during which

the hereditament is deemed, in accordance with the

provisions of this section, to have been an agricultural

hereditament.

(4) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) a hereditament shown in the valuation list

on the first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-nine, as an agricultural hereditament, shall be deemed to have been such

a hereditament throughout the current half-

year unless the assessment committee, on the

application of the rating authority or of the

revenue officer, certify that it was an agricultural hereditament only during a part of the said period, and in that ease the hereditament shall be deemed to have been an agricultural hereditament only during such part

of the period as may be specified in the

certificate; and

(b) a hereditament not so shown as aforesaid in

the said valuation list shall be deemed to

have been an agricultural hereditament during

such part, if any, of the said period as may

be specified in a certificate given by the

assessment committee upon an application

088

i grants to

rating

authorities

out of

Rating

Relief

Suspense

Account.

Ch. 20. Agricultural Rates 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

made before the first day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, by the occupier

of the hereditament; and

{<•) where after the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, an amendment is,

in consequence of an objection lodged before

that date, made in the valuation list, whereby

a hereditament is shown or ceases to be shown

in that list as an agricultural hereditament,

the hereditament shall be deemed to have

been so shown or not to have been so shown,

as the case may be, on that date.

(5) Upon application being made to an assessment

committee for a certificate under this section, the

committee shall certify whether the hereditament in

respect of w’hich. the application is made was an agricultural hereditament during any part of the current

half-year, and if so, during what part thereof.

(6) Every certificate given by an assessment committee under this section shall be subject to appeal in

like manner as if it were a decision on an objection to a

draft special list or special list; and in relation to any

application for such a certificate, the rating authority,

the occupier of the hereditament, and the revenue officer,

shall have the like rights as to receiving notice of, and

making and opposing objections to, the application, and

as to appealing, and receiving notices of and resisting

appeals, as they have respectively in relation to a draft

special list or special list.

2. There shall, at such times and in such manner

as the Treasury may direct, be paid out of the

Rating Relief Suspense Account to every rating

authority a sum equal to the amount estimated in the

prescribed manner and certified by the Minister of

Health as being the difference betw een the sum receivable

by the rating authority as the proceeds of rates

in respect of the current half-year, and the sum

which would have been so receivable if this Act had not

been passed;

Provided that, if the Minister is satisfied that the

amount in the pound of the rates levied by any rating

authority in respect of the current half-year has been

abnormally increased by reason of charges not ordinarily

1929.

Agricultural Rates

Act, 1929.

Ch. 26.

689

falling to be borne by rates having been imposed thereon,

the sum payable to the rating authority under this

subsection shall be such sum as may be estimated and

certified by the Minister as the sum which would have

been so payable if the said amount in the pound had

not been so increased as aforesaid. ij

3. For the purposes of any rateTmade or to be made

or precept issued or to be issued in respect of the current

half-year, an authority, in estimating the amount which

would be produced by a rate of a, penny in the pound, or

in determining the amount in the pound of any rate

made or to be made or precept issued or to be issued by

them, or in making any apportionment between two

or more rating areas, shall not take into account the

exemption from rates due to the operation of this Act or the

amount of any payment to be received under this Act,

and for the purpose of ascertaining the amount due

under any precept to which subsection (2) of section

nine of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, applies,

the amount produced by the rate of the amount in the

pound specified in the precept shall be taken to be the

amount which would have been so produced if this Act

had not been passed.

4. —(1) The Minister of Health may make regulations

for giving effect to the provisions of this Act, and in

particular—

(a) as to the form of certificates to be given by

assessment committees under this Act and as to

the recording of such certificates;

(b) as to any entries to be made in valuation lists,

rate books, or other documents, in consequence

of the operation of this Act;

(c) as to the modifications to be made in demand

notes in respect of the current half-year, and

for such modifications being made by means of

notices sent by rating authorities to occupiers

of agricultural hereditaments or otherwise.

(2) All regulations made under this Act shall be

laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may

be after they are made, and if either House within the

next subsequent twenty-one days on which that House

has sat after any such regulation has been laid before it

X x

Provisions

as to rates

and

precepts.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 90.

F<'« er to

make

regulations.

690

Ch. 26.

Interpretation.

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 44.

Short title

and extent *

Agricultural Rates 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

resolves that the regulation ought to be annulled, the

regulation shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done

thereunder or to the making of any new regulations.

5. In this Act the following expressions have the

meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is

to say:—

" Agricultural hereditament " has the same meaning

as in the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment)

Act, 1928:

"Current half-year" means the period beginning on

the first day of April and ending on the thirtieth

day of September, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine, save that in relation to any rating area as

respects which the date of the first new valuation under the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925,

has been postponed by order of the Minister of

Health until a date later than the said first

day of April the expression "current half-year "

means the period beginning on such later date

as aforesaid and ending on the said thirtieth

day of September:

" Prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made

under this Act:

"Rate" has the same meaning as in the Rating

and Valuation Act, 1925:

* Revenue officer, " " occupier, " " draft special list "

and "special list " have, respectively, the same

meanings as in the First Schedule to the Rating

and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928.

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural

Rates Act, 1929.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to

Northern Ireland.

(3) The Minister of Health may by order direct

that this Act shall, subject to such exceptions, adaptations, and modifications, if any, as may be specified in

the order, extend to the Isles of Scilly, but, except as so

applied, this Act shall not extend to the said Isles.

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Off. 27.

691

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the law relating to Savings

Banks, Savings Bank Annuities, and the Post

Office Register.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The security to be given in pursuance of

section eight of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863,

as amended by any subsequent enactment, may be

either in the form required by that section as so amended

or, if the Commissioners and the Inspection Committee

approve, in the form of a single bond of a guarantee

society guaranteeing all the persons employed by the

bank or at any branch thereof who are required to give

such security.

(2) When security is given in the last-mentioned

form, the annual premium on the bond shall be paid

by the trustees, and the trustees shall be entitled to

recover from each person covered by the bond such

proportion of the premium as that person’s annual

salary bears to the total amount of the annual salaries

of the persons covered by the bond.

(3) The security required by paragraph (/) of

section ten of the Savings Banks Act, 1891, to be given

in respect of the amount received on account of special

investments shall not be separate from the security

required by the said section eight of the Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1863, and accordingly the said paragraph (/)

shall have effect as if the word "separate " were not

contained therein.

2. — (1) It shall not be lawful for the trustees of a

trustee savings bank to close or dissolve the bank or

cease to carry on the business of the bank or carry on

Xx 2

Amendment

as to

security to

be given by

officer of

bank.

26 & 27 Vict.

c. 87.

54 & 55 Vict,

o. 21.

Trustee

savings

banks not to

be closed

692

without

consent of

Commissioners.

8 Edtv. 7.

c. 09.

Repeal of

8. 5 of

Savings

Bank Investment

Act, 1863.

26 & 27 Vict,

c. 25.

Expenses of

National

I>ebt Com-

mis-ioners

slid Inspection Committee to 1 'e

defrayed out

of surplus

interest-

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 13.

Ch. 27. Savings Banks Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5-

business only for the purpose of winding up its affairs

unless—

(a) the Commissioners consent; or

(b) the bank is ordered to be wound up in pursuance of section two hundred and sixty-eight

of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908.

(2) The consent of the Commissioners under this

section shall not be given unless and until they have

satisfied themselves, after consultation with the Inspection Committee and the Association, that there are no

proper persons able and willing to act as trustees and

managers of the bank.

3. Section five of the Savings Bank Investment

Act, 1863 (which provides that one half of the secui’ities

held by the Commissioners for savings banks shall

consist of securities the interest of which is chargeable on the Consolidated Fund), shall cease to have

effect.

4. —(1) The Commissioners shall in every year, out

of the amount by which the gross amount of the

interest accrued during the preceding year on the

securities standing in the name of the Commissioners

to the credit of the Fund for the Banks for Savings

appears by the account laid before Parliament under

section seventeen of the Customs, Inland Revenue and

Savings Banks Act, 1877, to have exceeded the gross

amount of the interest paid and credited in that year

to trustees of savings banks, apply, in accordance with

the directions of the Treasury, such sum as the Treasury

may from time to time authorise towards defraying—

(a) in the first place, the expenses incurred by the

Inspection Committee in the exercise of any

powers conferred by the enactments relating to

trustee savings banks;

(b) in the second place, the expenses incurred by

the Commissioners in the execution of the said

enactments.

(2) Section fifteen of the said Act shall have effect

as though the surplus of the interest accrued above the

interest paid and credited were diminished by the sum

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

693

so applied, and subsection (2) of section four of the

Savings Banks Act, 1891, shall have effect as if a

reference to the amount available under subsection (1)

of this section were substituted for the reference to the

amount available under subsection (1) of that section.

5. Bor the purpose of any enactment (including this Act) which provides that the expenses incurred in the

execution of the enactments relating to savings banks by

the Postmaster-General and the Commissioners respectively are to be defrayed out of any specified fund, the

expenses so incurred shall be deemed to include—

(a) such sum as, in the opinion of the Treasury,

approximately represents the amount in each

year of the accruing liability in respect of the

benefits for which any officers or persons employed by the Postmaster General and the

Commissioners respectively in the execution of the said enactments will on their retirement

become eligible under the Superannuation Acts,

1834 to 1919;

(l>) such proportion of the salary, or of the said

accruing liability in respect of superannuation

benefits, of any officer or person who is so

employed in part only in the execution of the

said enactments as, in the opinion of the

Treasury, is attributable to the execution of

those enactments;

(c) any capital expenditure incurred in providing

premises wholly used by the Postmaster-General

and the Commissioners respectively for the

purposes of the said enactments and such part

of any such expenditure incurred in providing

premises partly used as aforesaid as was, in the

opinion of the Treasury, incurred for those

purposes:

Provided that, if in any case where the

amount of any such capital expenditure has

been charged to the said fund the premises in

respect of which the expenditure was incurred

are sold or cease to be used for the said

purposes, there shall be deducted from the

Certain

sums to he

included in

expenses of

Postmaster-

General and

National

Debt Commissioners.

694

Ch. 2 1 .

Savings Banks Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Amendments as to

special investments.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 4.

4 Edw. 7.

c. 8.

amount thereafter chargeable to the said fund

such sum as may be determined by the

Treasury to represent the then value of the

premises or of that part of the premises which

was used for the said purposes;

(d) in the case of any premises occupied by the

Postmaster-General and the Commissioners

respectively wholly or partly for the purposes

of the said enactments and in respect of which

no rent is payable, such an amount as is

estimated by the Treasury to represent the

rental value of the premises or of that part

of the premises used for the said purposes,

after allowing for any capital expenditure incurred as aforesaid which has been charged

to the said fund.

6.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (d)

of subsection (2) of section one of the Trustee Savings

Bank Act, 1918, the Commissioners may, if they think

fit, on the application of the trustees of any trustee

savings bank, authorise not more than twenty per cent,

of the moneys received by the trustees in respect of

special investments to be invested in any Government

securities which will mature for payment not later than

twenty years after the date of the investment.

(2) It shall not be necessary for the Commissioners,

before authorising the trustees of a trustee savings bank

in pursuance of subsection (1) of section six of the

Savings Banks Act, 1904, to make special investments,

to be satisfied that the bank has an aggregate cash

liability to its depositors, irrespective of the amount of

any special investments, of not less than two hundred

thousand pounds, if

(a) the Association concur in the recommendation

of the Inspection Committee required by that

subsection; and

(b) the Commissioners, having regard to the financial

position of the bank and the size and importance

of the area served by it, think it expedient in

the interests of the depositors of the bank that

the authority should be given.

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

695

7. Where the Commissioners, in pursuance of

section two of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863,

approve the formation of a new trustee savings hank,

the Commissioners may, after consultation with the

Association and the Inspection Committee, advance to

the trustees of that bank out of such part of the separate

surplus fund as stands to the credit of closed trustee

savings banks such sums as they think fit for the

purpose of providing for expenses incurred in connection

with the formation and the initial working of the bank,

and any such advance may be made on such terms and

conditions and for such period as the Commissioners

with the consent of the Treasury may determine.

8. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the

trustees of a trustee savings bank may, with the

consent of the Commissioners, apply a part of the

surplus capital held by the bank on account of special

investments towards the purchase of land or the provision of buildings for the purposes of the bank, and

section four of the Savings Banks Act, 1901, as amended

by this Act, shall have elfect accordingly:

Provided that—

(a) the Commissioners shall not give their consent

in any case if the amount proposed to be

applied would, when added to any sums

already applied under this section (excluding

sums applied towards the purchase of any

land or the provision of any buildings which

have been sold), exceed twenty per cent, of the surplus capital as shown on the last

annual valuation; and

(b) all moneys accruing from or in connection

with the sale, exchange or lease of any land

purchased or buildings provided under this

section, or of any part of such land or

buildings, shall be invested by the trustees

as if they were moneys received for special

investments.

(2) The value of any land purchased or buildings

provided under the provisions of this section shall be

taken at such an amount as the Commissioners may

Power to

make

advances

to new

trustee

savings

banks.

Power to

apply

surplus

special in.

vestment

capital for

land and

buildings.

696 Ch. 27. Savings Banks Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

from time to time fix and shall be included in the annual

valuation.

(3) In this section the expression "annual valuation" means the valuation required to be made under

paragraph (e) of subsection (2) of section one of the

Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1918, and the expression

" surplus capital" means the amount by which the

value of the assets held by a bank on account of special

investments at the date of the annual valuation is found

on that valuation to exceed the aggregate liability of the bank on account of or in connection with special

investments.

Power to

undertake

business

calculated

to encourage thrift.

9.—(1) It shall be lawful for the trustees of a

trustee savings bank, with the consent of the Commissioners given after consultation with the Inspection

Committee and the Association and subject to such

conditions as the Commissioners after such consultation

as aforesaid may impose either generally or in the case

of any particular bank, to undertake any business which

is, in the opinion of the Commissioners, of a nature

ancillary to the purposes of the bank and calculated

to encourage thrift and within the financial capacity

of the bank.

(2) Any expenses properly incurred by a bank in

carrying on any such business shall be deemed part of the necessary expenses of the bank within the meaning

of section two of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

Amendment

as to

restriction

on number

of accounts

and double

de posits.

50 & 51 Vict 51 Vict,

c. 40.

10. —(1) Section thirty-eight of the Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1863 (which prohibits double accounts in

trustee savings banks) except in so far as it prohibits a

depositor in a trustee savings bank from having an

account at any other trustee savings bank, and subsection (2) of section one of the Savings Banks Act, 1887

(which provides that regulations shall prohibit a person

from being a depositor in both a trustee savings bank and

the Post Office Savings Bank or from having two separate

accounts in the Post Office Savings Bank) shall cease

to have effect, and accordingly subsection (1) of section

twelve of the Savings Banks Act, 1891, shall have effect

as if there were substituted for the words "has a deposit

in more than one savings bank " the w ords " has a

deposit in more than one trustee savings bank."

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

697

(2) Regulations may be made by the Treasury with

the concurrence of the Commissioners prescribing what

declaration shall be required from a depositor on opening

an account in a trustee savings bank and regulations

may be made under section eleven of the Post Office

Savings Bank Act, 1861, prescribing what declaration

shall be required from a depositor, other than the

Public Trustee, on opening an account in the Post Office

Savings Bank.

(3) For the purposes of section one of the Savings

Bank Act, 1920, and any regulations made thereunder

each account opened by the Public Trustee in the Post

Office Savings Bank shall be deemed to be the account

of a separate depositor, but the Public Trustee shall

not open more than one account in relation to any one

trust.

(4) The proviso to subsection (1) of section one of the Savings Banks Act, 1920, (which empowers the

Treasury by order to limit the amount which may be

received by savings bank authorities from any person

either in any one year or in the aggregate) shall have

effect as if for the words "which may be so received

from any person" there were substituted the words

" which may be received by the Postmaster-General

" and by a trustee savings bank respectively from any

" person."

11. The limit of the amount of an annuity granted

to any one person under the Government Annuities

Act, 1853, the Government Annuities Act, 1864, and the

Government Annuities Act, 1882, shall be three hundred

pounds a year instead of one hundred pounds a year.

12. —(1) Any description of Government stock as

hereinafter defined may be inscribed or registered in

the Post Office register, and the War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915, as amended by

section two of the War Loan Act, 1918, shall have

effect accordingly.

(2) As from the commencement of this Act—

(a) the amount of stock credited to a depositor

in pursuance of subsection (3) of section three

of the Savings Banks Act, 1880, out of stock

standing to the savings bank investment

account of the Commissioners shall be treated

24 & 25 Vict.

c. 14.

10 & 11

Geo. 5, c. 12.

Limit of

savings bank

annuities.

lf>&17Virt. c.45.

27i2SVi, t. c.43.

4u&4flVIct. c.61.

Amendment

with respect

to Post

Office register and investment of

savings

bank deposits in

Government

stock.

ft t 6 5 c. 9?,

HA 9 (Je >.5. c. 2ft.

4.* V44 Vict. o.

G98 Ch. 27. Savings Banks Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

as being inscribed in the name of that

depositor in the Post Office register; and

(b) the stock standing to the savings bank investment account of the Commissioners shall be

deemed to be held by them in respect of the

stock inscribed in the Post Office register by

virtue of the foregoing provision; and

(c) the stock register established by any savings

bank authority in pursuance of the Savings

Banks Act, 1880, shall be deemed part of the

Post Office register; and

(d) certificates of investments in Government

stock issued to savings bank depositors in

pursuance of the Savings Banks Act, 1880,

shall be deemed, until exchanged for new

certificates issued in pursuance of this section,

certificates of stock registered in the Post

Office register.

(3) The power of the Treasury to make regulations

under subsection (2) of section one of the War Loan

(Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915, shall include power

to make regulations containing such consequential and

supplemental provisions as appear necessary or expedient

for giving full effect to the foregoing provisions of this

section and shall include power to make separate regulations, with the consent of the Commissioners, with

respect to any part of the Post Office register kept by

the trustees of a trustee savings bank.

(4) Paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule to the

11 & 12 Finance Act, 1921, shall be amended by omitting the

Geo.5. c.32. words "in the case of Government stock standing to

" the credit of any person in the stock register of a

" trustee savings bank, at that bank, " and by substituting the following proviso for proviso (a )—

" (a) in the case of stock inscribed in the

name of any person in a part of the Post Office

register kept by a trustee savings bank, payment

may be made by crediting the amount of the

payment to the account of that person at that

bank."

(5) In this section the expression "Government

stock " has the same meaning as in the Savings Bank

Act, 1893, as amended by any subsequent enactment.

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

699

(6) The War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act,

1915, as amended by the War Loan Act, 1918, and by

this section, shall so far as it relates to the Post Office

register extend to the Isle of Man.

13. There shall be included among the securities

in which the Commissioners may invest in pursuance of

section nine of the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1861,

section three of the Savings Bank Investment Act, 1863,

and section nineteen of the Trustee Savings Banks Act,

1863, any securities issued in respect of any loan raised

by the Government of Northern Ireland.

14. — (1) The trustees of a trustee savings bank

may with the consent of the Inspection Committee—

(a) grant to an officer of the bank who has served

for not less than ten years as an officer of

trustee savings banks, and who retires from his

office on becoming incapable of discharging the

duties thereof by reason of old age or permanent

infirmity of mind or body:

(i) an annual allowance not exceeding one-

eightieth of the annual salary and emoluments

of his office for each year of service as such an

officer, subject to a maximum of forty -

eightieths thereof; and

(ii) an allowance by way of lump sum not

exceeding one-thirtieth of the amiual salary

and emoluments of his office for each year of

such service, subject to a maximum of forty-

five thirtieths thereof; and

(b) grant to the legal personal representative of any

such officer who, after ten years’ service as such,

dies while still employed in the service of the

bank, a gratuity of an amount not exceeding

the annual salary and emoluments of his office;

and

(c) grant to the legal personal representative of any

such officer who, after becoming entitled to an

annual allowance, dies after he has retired

from the service, and in whose case the sums

actually received by liim at the time of his

death on account of the amiual allowance

together with the sum received by him by way

Amendment

as to investment by

Commissioners.

Superannuation

allowances

to, and

gratuities in

case of

death of,

officers of

trustee

savings

banks.

700

Ch. 27.

Savings Banks Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Superannuation

allowances

to, and fir

gratuities

in case of

death of,

officers of

Inspection

Committee

Testing of

property of

trustee

savings

hank in

custodian

trustees.

of lump sum allowance are less than the amount

of the annual salary and emoluments of his

office, a gratuity not exceeding the deficiency.

(2) Any sums payable under this section shall be

paid as part of the current expenses of the bank, or

with the sanction of the Inspection Committee, out of

any moneys standing to the credit of the bank in the

separate surplus fund.

(3) An annual allowance under this section shall only

be continued so long as, in the opinion of the Inspection

Committee, the funds of the bank admit of its payment.

15. —(1) Subject to the consent of the Treasury

given on the recommendation of the Commissioners, the

Inspection Committee shall have the same power of

granting superannuation allowances and gratuities to

officers of the Committee and to the legal personal

representatives of such officers as is by subsection (1) of the last preceding section of this Act conferred on the

trustees of a trustee savings bank with respect to officers

of the bank and their legal personal representatives.

(2) The amounts payable under this section shall,

for the purpose of the provisions of this Act relating

to the manner in which the expenses of the Inspection

Committee are to be defrayed, be deemed to be expenses

incurred by the Committee in the exercise of their

powers.

16. —(1) All property of whatsoever description

belonging to a trustee savings bank, including things in

action or interests arising out of or incident to any

property, shall be vested in the custodian trustees of the

bank to be appointed under this section.

(2) It shall be the duty of the trustees of every

trustee savings bank (in this section referred to as " the

general trustees ") as soon as may be after the commencement of this Act to appoint out of their own

number four persons to be the custodian trustees of the

bank, and from time to time, w'lien a vacancy occurs in

the number of the custodian trustees, to appoint out of

their own number a person to fill the vacancy.

(3) If the general trustees of a trustee savings bank

fail within three months after the commencement of this Act or the occurrence of a vacancy, as the case may be,

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

701

to appoint custodian trustees of the bank or to fill a

vacancy in the number of the custodian trustees, the

powers of the general trustees to make the appointment or fill the vacancy shall be transferred to the

Inspection Committee, and the Committee shall make

the appointment or fill the vacancy accordingly.

(4) The Inspection Committee may, on the application of the general trustees of a trustee savings bank,

remove any custodian trustee of the bank if, in the

opinion of the Committee, he is unfit to continue in

office or incapable of performing his duties, and a custodian trustee may, with the approval of the Inspection

Committee, resign his office as such.

(5) A custodian trustee may continue to hold office

as a general trustee, and may continue to hold office as

custodian trustee notwithstanding that he has ceased to

be a general trustee.

(6) All property of whatsoever description vested in

any person in trust for a trustee savings bank at the date

of the first appointment of the custodian trustees of the

bank shall, by virtue of this Act vest in the custodian

trustees so appointed, and thereafter all property of

whatsoever description vested in the custodian trustees

of a trustee savings bank shall, on the occurrence of any

vacancy in the number of custodian trustees or any

change in the persons who are custodian trustees, by

virtue of this Act, vest in the custodian trustees of the

bank for the time being:

Provided that, on there ceasing to be any custodian

trustees of a bank, the property shall thereupon, by

virtue of this Act, vest in the general trustees of the

bank until the appointment of new custodian trustees.

(7) The management of the property and the exercise

of any power or discretion exerciseable by the general

trustees shall remain vested in the general trustees, and

the custodian trustees shall concur in and perform all

acts necessary to enable the general trustees to exercise

their powers of management or other power or discretion

vested in them.

(8) The custodian trustees of a trustee savings bank

may sue and be sued by the name of " the Custodian

Trustees for the Trustee Savings Bank "

without further description, and in all legal proceedings

702

Cn. 27.

Savings Banks A^ci, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

concerning any property of the bank the property may

be stated to be the property of the custodian trustees of the bank:

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect

any proceedings by or against or relating to the property

of a trustee savings bank, which are pending at the time

of the first appointment of custodian trustees for that

bank.

(9) The Commissioners shall in respect of each

trustee savings bank keep a register of the custodian

trustees of the bank, and shall enter in the register

the date of the appointment of each custodian trustee

and, on his vacating office, the date on which he vacates

office.

(10) A certificate purporting to be signed by the

Comptroller-General or Assistant Comptroller of the

National Debt Office to the effect that the persons

named in the certificate were on any specified date

custodian trustees of a trustee savings bank or that any

property mentioned in the certificate was, at the date

of the first appointment of custodian trustees for a

trustee savings bank, held by a person named in the

certificate in trust for that bank, shall be conclusive

evidence for all purposes of the facts stated in the

certificate.

(11) The general trustees of every savings bank

shall forthwith, after the appointment of custodian

trustees, send to the Commissioners such particulars

as the Commissioners may require for the purposes of the last two foregoing subsections, and thereafter shall

from time to time send to the Commissioners such

particulars as the Commissioners may require for the

purposes of the said register.

(12) Any person acting in pursuance of any such

certificate shall not by reason only of anything contained

therein be affected with notice of any trust or of the

fiduciary character of the persons named therein or of

any fiduciary obligation attached to the holding of any

property.

(13) On the first appointment of custodian trustees

of a bank, section ten of the Trustee Savings Banks Act,

1863, shall cease to have effect in relation to that bank.

1929.

Savings Rqnks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

703

(14) In section four of the Savings Banks Act, 1904,

the words "of a trustee savings bank " shall be inserted

after the word "trustees " where that word first appears,

and the word "custodian " shall be inserted before the

words " trustees for the time being."

17. —(1) The Commissioners shall at the close of

each year ending on the twentieth day of November

prepare an account with respect to trustee savings

banks and friendly societies respectively containing such

particulars and in such form as the Treasury may direct.

(2) The account so prepared shall be transmitted to

the Treasury as soon as may be after it is made, and shall

be laid before Parliament not later than the fifteenth day

of February in each year, or, if Parliament be not

then sitting, within ten days after the next assembly

of Parliament.

(3) The provisions of this section shall have effect

in substitution for the provisions of sections sixty and

sixty-one of the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863.

18. —(1) The Treasury shall have power, with the

concurrence of the Commissioners, to make regulations

prescribing the manner in which and the persons by

whom any document required by the Post Office Savings

Bank Act, 1861, the Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863,

and the Trustee Savings Banks Act, 1863, to be used in

connection with a trustee savings bank is to be signed

or executed, and the provisions of the said Acts with

respect to the manner in which or persons by whom

any particular document is to be signed or executed

shall, in so far as they conflict with any regulations

made under this section, cease to have effect as from

the date when the regulations come into force.

(2) The certificate required to be furnished in

pursuance of section forty of the Trustee Savings Banks

Act, 1863, in connection with the transfer of a depositor’s

account from one trustee savings bank to another shall,

instead of being in the form prescribed by that section,

be in such form as may be prescribed by the Commissioners under section sixty-four of that Act.

V

19. In this Act—

The expression "the Association" means the

association registered under the Companies

Accounts to

be presented

by National

Debt Commissioners

with respect

to trustee

savings

banks.

Regulations

as to form

and execu-

tion of

documents.

Interpretation.

704

Ch. 27. Savings Banks Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Short title,

application,

construction and

repeals.

Acts, 1908 to 1917, by the name of the

Trustee Savings Banks Association:

The expression "the Commissioners" means the

National Debt Commissioners:

The expression "Inspection Committee " means

the inspection committee of trustee savings

banks established under section two of the

Savings Banks Act, 1891:

The expression "separate surplus fund " means

the fund created in pursuance of section

twenty-nine of the Trustee Savings Banks

Act, 1863:

The expression "special investments " means

investments made in pursuance of section

sixteen of the Trustee Savings Banks Act,

1863:

The expression "trustee savings bank" means a

bank certified under the Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1863.

20.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Savings

Banks Act, 1929.

(2) This Act, so far as it relates to the Post Office

Savings Bank, shall be construed as one with the Post

Office Savings Banks Acts, 1861 to 1908, and so far as

it relates to trustee savings banks shall be construed as

one with the Trustee Savings Banks Acts, 1863 to 1920.

(3) This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands

and the Isle of Man, and shall be registered by the Royal

Courts of the Channel Islands.

(4) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the

third column of that Schedule.

(5) This Act shall come into force on the twenty-

first day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine.

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

705

SCHEDULE.

Section 20.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

26 & 27 Vict,

c. 25.

The Savings Bank

Investment Act,

1863.

Section five.

26 & 27 Vict,

c. 87.

The Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1863.

As from six months after

the commencement of this Act, section ten:in section

thirty-five the words "the

" same or ": in section

thirty-seven the words "the

same or " and " by this Act

in section thirty-eight the

words "in the same or any

other savings bank " and

the words "any other account

at the same or" and the

words from " and that every

" person " to the end of the

section: in section thirty-nine

the words "the same or in

section forty the words from

" and every such certificate "

to the end of the section: sections sixty and sixty-one:in

section sixty-six the words

from " and out of the fund "

to the end of the section:

Schedule B.

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 36.

The Savings Banks

Act, 1880.

The whole Act excepting sections five, six and eight.

47 & 48 Vict. The National Debt

c. 23. (Conversion of

Stock) Act, 1884.

Section five.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 40.

The Savings Banks

Act, 1887.

Yy

Subsection (2) of section one;

sections five and seven.

706

Ch. 27.

Savings Banks Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

51 & 52 Vict. The National Debt Section sixteen,

c. 2. (Conversion) Act,

1888.

54 & 55 Vict. The Savings Banks Subsection (1) of section four:

c. 21. Act, 1891. in paragraph (/) of section ten

the word " separate ": in subsection (1) of section twelve

the words "or has deposits

" standing to the credit of

" more than one account in

" the Bame savings bank in

" the United Kingdom, " the

words " in the case of deposits

" to the credit of more than

" one account in a post office

" savings bank, the Post-

" master-General, and in any

" other case, " and the

words from " or from having

" deposits" to the end of the subsection, and in subsection (2) of that section

the words "and may pro

" vide that the addition of

" such names shall not be

" deemed to be the opening

" of a new account in the

" bank."

56 & 57 Vict. The Savings Banks Section four and subsection (1)

c. 69. Act, 1893. of section five.

4 Edw. 7. c. 8. The Savings Banks Section three; as from six

Act, 1904. months after the commencement of this Act, in section

four the words from " Section

ten " to " added thereto."

8 Edw. 7. c. 52. The Post Office The whole Act.

Savings Bank (Public Trustee) Act,

1908.

8 Geo. 5. c. 4. The Trustee Savings Subsection (2) of section three

Banks Act, 1918.

1929.

Savings Banks Act, 1929.

Ch. 27.

707

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Geo. 5. The Savings Banks

c. 12. Act, 1920.

Extent of Repeal.

In subsection (1) of section one

the words "or on the amount

" of Government stock which

" may be credited by a

" savings bank authority to

" the account of any de-

" positor " and the words

" or the amount of Govern-

" ment stock which may be

" so credited to any person

" whatsoever either in one

" year or in the aggregate."

and in paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of that section

the words "or in w T hose case

" the Government stock

" credited at that date ex-

" ceeds the hmit fixed by

" the order as regards the

" Government stock, " and in

section eight the words

" either a depositor in a

" savings bank to whom

" Government stock has been

" credited or

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

o. 32.

The Finance Act, In paragraph one of the Third

1921, Schedule, the words "in the

" case of Government stock

" standing to the credit of

" any person in the stock

" register of a trustee savings

" bank, at that bank, " and

proviso (o) to that paragraph.

Yy 2

708 Ch. 28. Industrial Assurance 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and Friendly Societies Act, 1929.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to permit the issue by Friendly Societies

and Industrial Assurance Companies of policies

of assurance on the duration of certain lives for

a specified period, to validate certain endowment

policies issued by such societies and companies,

to exclude repayments of premiums under

endowment policies from the computation of the

maximum sums which may be paid on death

by such societies and companies, and to make

provision as to the rights of owners of certain

endowment policies upon the surrender thereof.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Amongst the purposes for which registered

friendly societies and industrial assurance companies

may issue policies of assurance, there shall be included

insuring money to be paid to the member or person

assured on the duration for a specified period of the life

of his parent, child, grand-parent, grandchild, brother or

sister, either with or without provision for the payment

of money in the event of the death of any such person

before the expiration of the period:

Provided that no such society or company shall

insure or pay on the death of any person under such a

policy as aforesaid, issued after the commencement of this Act, any sum of money exceeding a reasonable

amount for funeral expenses.

(2) The issuing of such policies by a collecting

society or an industrial assurance company shall, unless

the premiums in respect thereof are payable at intervals

of two months or more, be treated as part of the

industrial assurance business of the society or company.

Extension

of purposes

for which

policies

may be

issued.

1929.

Industrial Assurance

and Friendly Societies Act, 1929.

Ch. 28.

709

(3) In relation to such policies, subsection (2) of

section four of the Industrial Assurance Act, 1923 (which

makes provision as to the persons to whom payments

may be made on the death of a child under ten years of

age), shall, in lieu of section sixty-three of the Friendly

Societies Act, 1896, apply to all registered friendly

societies as it applies to collecting societies.

2. For the purpose of calculating the maximum

sum which may be insured or paid under the last foregoing section or under section sixty-two of the Friendly

Societies Act, 1896, no account shall be taken of any

repayment of the whole or any part of the premiums

paid in respect of any endowment policy, and sections

sixty-three to sixty-six of that Act and subsection (2) of

section four of the Industrial Assurance Act, 1923, shall

not apply as respects any such repayment.

3. —(1) Where under any policy to which this section applies not less than One year’s premiums have

been paid, the owner of the policy shall be entitled at

any time within one year from the date on which the

last premium was paid or, if no premium has been paid

since the date of the commencement of this Act, within

one year from that date, to surrender the policy and to

claim either—

(a) a free paid-up policy in conformity with the

rules contained in the Schedule to this Act; or

(b) payment of a surrender value equal to ninety

per cent, of the value of the sum or sums

payable under such a free paid-up policy as

aforesaid, calculated in accordance with the last

four rules contained in the Fourth Schedule to

the Industrial Assurance Act, 1923,

and if any society or company fails to comply with any

claun made in accordance with the provisions of this

subsection, then, without prejudice to any other liability,

the society or company shall, in the case of a friendly

society not being a collecting society, be guilty of an

offence under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, and, in

the case of a collecting society or industrial assurance

company, be guilty of an offence under the Industrial

Assurance Act, 1923.

13 & 14 Geo.

5. c. 8.

69 & 60 Vict,

c. 25.

Provisions

as to repayment of

premiums.

Rights of

owners of

certain

endowment

policies.

710 Ch. 28. Industrial Assurance 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and Friendly Societies Act, 1929.

(2) This section applies to any policy issued, or

deemed under this Act to have been issued, in accordance

with the provisions of section one of this Act and to any

other endowment policy issued on the life of a child

under ten years of age, being in either case a policy in

force at some time after the thirty-first day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-three.

(3) Every policy to which this section applies and

every premium receipt book in respect of such a policy,

being a policy or book issued after the thirtieth day of

September, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, by a collecting society or an industrial assurance company, shall

set out the provisions of this section, and of the Schedule

to this Act, printed in distinctive type, or, if the Industrial Assurance Commissioner consents, a statement in

lieu thereof which, in the opinion of the Commissioner,

sufficiently sets forth the effect of those provisions; and

no registered friendly society shall, after the thirtieth

day of September nineteen hundred and thirty, issue any

policy to which this section applies unless the rules of the society contain a rule which, in the opinion of the

Registrar of Friendly Societies, sufficiently sets forth the

effect of the said provisions.

(4) If any such policy or premium receipt book as

aforesaid does not comply with the provisions of the

last foregoing subsection, or if any policy is issued in

contravention of the said provisions, the society or

company effecting the insurance shall in the case of a

friendly society, not being a collecting society, be guilty

of an offence under the Friendly Societies Act, 1896,

and in the case of a collecting society or industrial

assurance company, be guilty of an offence under the

Industrial Assurance Act, 1923.

(5) Every collecting society and industrial assurance

company shall cause every collector of the society or

company to deliver, at least once within three months

after the commencement of this Act, at every house or

other place at which he makes a visit for the purpose of

receiving a premium payable on a policy of insurance on

human life, a notice, in a form approved by the Commissioner, setting forth the effect of the provisions of this section and of the Schedule to this Act, and if any

1929.

Industrial Assurance

and Friendly Societies Act, 1929.

Ch. 28 .

711

collector fails to deliver any notice in accordance with

the requirements of this subsection he and the society

or company of which he is a collector shall be guilty of

an offence under the Industrial Assurance Act, 1923.

4. Any endowment policy issued before the first day Retro-

of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-four, which spective

would have been in force on that date if this Act had operation of

been in operation on and from the date on which ct *

the policy was issued shall be deemed for the purposes

of this Act to have been in force on the said first day

of January and, in the case of a policy of the description

mentioned in section one of this Act, to have been issued

in accordance with the provisions of that section, and as

respects any endowment policy in force on, or issued since,

that date, this Act shall be deemed to have been in operation

on and from the date on which the policy was issued.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Industrial Short title,

Assurance and Friendly Societies Act, 1929, and this citation,

Act and the Industrial Assurance Acts, 1923 and 1926, construe,

may be cited together as the Industrial Assurance Acts, ^°£nt!

1923 to 1929, and this Act and the Friendly Societies

Acts, 1896 to 1924, may be cited together as the Friendly

Societies Acts, 1896 to 1929.

(2) For the purposes of this Act—-

" Policy " includes any contract of assurance and

the date of the making of any such contract

shall be deemed to be the date of the issue of a

policy; and

" Endowment policy" means a policy issued or

deemed under this Act to have been issued in

accordance with the provisions of section one of this Act, or a policy insuring money to be paid

on the duration for a specified period of the life

of the member or person assured, either with or

without provision for the payment of money in

the event of the death of that person before the

expiration~of_the’period.

(3) References in this Act to the Friendly Societies

Act, 1896, and to the Industrial Assurance Act, 1923,

shall be construed as references to those Acts as

amended or applied by any subsequent enactment, and

712 Ch. 28. Industrial Assurance 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and Friendly Societies Act, 1929.

this Act in its application to collecting societies and

industrial assurance companies shall be construed as one

with the Industrial Assurance Acts, 1923 and 1926,

and in its application to friendly societies, not being

collecting societies, shall be construed as one with the

Friendly Societies Acts, 1896 to 1924.

p 5 (4) This Act shall extend to Great Britain, the Isle

of Man and the Channel Islands.

Section 3.

SCHEDULE.

Rules as to Free Paid-up Policies.

1. The free paid-up policy shall assure payment on the

events on which the sums assured by the surrendered policy

were payable, of sums bearing the same proportion to those

sums (including any addition by way of bonus) as the amount

of the premiums actually paid under the surrendered policy

bears to the amount of the premiums which would have been

payable under the surrendered policy had the full number of

premiums become payable thereunder:

Provided that, where any sum has been paid by the society

or company under the surrendered policy, before the surrender

thereof, the sums assured by the free paid-up policy shall be

computed on such basis as may be approved by the Industrial

Assurance Commissioner.

2. Where the surrendered policy provided for payment of

a sum by way of return of premium on any event, the free

paid-up policy shall provide that on that event such part of the premiums actually paid under the surrendered policy shall

be repaid as would have been repayable on that event if the

surrendered policy had remained in force.

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Cfl. 29.

713

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to consolidate the Government Annuities

Acts, 1829 to 1888, and the enactments amending those Acts.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Government Annuities.

1. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the National Debt Commissioners (in this Act

referred to as the Commissioners), may grant—-

(a) immediate or deferred life annuities, that is to

say, annuities depending on a single life, or on

two joint lives and the life of the survivor,

or on the joint continuance of two lives:

(b) immediate or deferred annuities for years, that

is to say, annuities to continue for a certain

limited term of years:

Provided that no deferred aimuity for years shall

be granted to commence after the death of any specified

person.

(2) The Commissioners may refuse to grant any

annuity under this Part of this Act in any case where

there are, in the opinion of the Commissioners, sufficient

grounds for refusing so to do.

2. —(1) The Commissioners may accept as consideration for an annuity—

(a) the transfer of any amount, not less than one

hundred pounds, of Government stock; or

Power to

grant annuities.

Consideration for

annuities.

714

Ch. 29.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 2.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(6) the transfer of any amount of annuities for a

certain term of years, payable as part of the

permanent annual charge for the National Debt,

or the payment of money, in each case equal in

value to not less than one hundred pounds of

consolidated stock; or

(c) in the case of a deferred life annuity, the

payment in money of a sum not less than

five pounds a year payable at such time or times

in each year and subject to such regulations

as the Commissioners may direct:

Provided that, where the annuity is a further annuity

granted to the same person who purchased a former

annuity, and depending on the same fife or fives, the

consideration may be any amount not less than twenty

pounds of Government stock, or the equivalent of twenty

pounds of consolidated stock in terminable annuities

or money.

(2) Transfers of stock and annuities and payment of

money for the purchase of annuities shall be accepted

at such days and times only as the Commissioners may

by notice in the London Gazette appoint for the

purpose.

(3) For the purposes of this Act the expression

" Government stock" means stock, annuities and securities of the following classes (not being stock, annuities

or securities registered in the Post Office Register), that

is to say :—

(a) two and a half per cent, consolidated stock

within the meaning of the National Debt

(Conversion) Act, 1888 (in this Act referred to as

consolidated stock);

(b) perpetual annuities payable as part of the

permanent annual charge for the National

Debt;

(c) any securities (in this Act referred to as war

securities) issued under the War Loan Acts,

1914 to 1919.

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

71

3. A person purchasing a life annuity may nominate

himself or any other person as a person on whose life

the annuity is to depend (in this Part of this Act referred

to as a nominee), so, however, that a nominee must be

of the age of fifteen years or upwards at the time of

nomination, and must, unless he is also the purchaser,

or one of the purchasers, be a native of and usually

resident within the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or

the Chamiel Islands.

4. — (1) Before any stock or annuities are transferred,

or money is paid, to the Commissioners for the purchase

of a life annuity, there shall be delivered to the Comptroller-General or other officer acting under the Commissioners a declaration signed by the person desirous of

purchasing the annuity, or by a person on his behalf,

stating the name of the person by whom or on whose

behalf the annuity is to be purchased, the name of the

nominee, or, as the case may be, the names of both the

nominees, and such other particulars as the Commissioners

may direct, and there shall also be produced to such

officer such proof of age of the nominee or each nominee

as may appear to the Commissioners to be satisfactory,

and such declaration of identity, as is in this section

mentioned:

Provided that, where any person proposed as a

nominee is a person on whose life an annuity has previously been granted it shall not be necessary to produce

further proof of the age of that person, but where the

person desirous of purchasing the annuity is not the

same as the person who purchased the previous annuity

depending on the life of that nominee, a declaration

as to the identity of the proposed nominee with the

person on whose life the previous annuity was granted

shall be produced to the Commissioners.

(2) The declaration of identity required shall be a

declaration by the purchaser of the annuity or one of the

purchasers, or by some person on his or their behalf,

that the person named in the certificate of birth or

baptism, or declaration as to age, tendered in proof of

age is the person who is appointed to be nominee.

(3) Where a certificate of the baptism and not of the birth of any person is produced, the age of that

Conditions

as to

nominee.

Declarations, &c.

required

in respect

of life

annuities.

716

Ch. 29.

Declaration required in respect

of annuities for

years.

Amount of

annuity.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

person shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act

be calculated as if he had been bom on the date of

baptism.

5. A person intending to purchase an annuity for

years, or some person on his behalf, shall sign and

produce to the Commissioners such a declaration of his

intention as the Commissioners may approve.

6. —(1) The annuity to be granted shall be calculated

and ascertained according to the age of the nominee,

or the continuance of the term, as the case may be,

and according to the average price of consolidated stock

on the day preceding the date of the authority or certificate hereinafter mentioned.

(2) Where the consideration for the annuity is

consolidated stock, the annuity shall be of such amount

as the consolidated stock would purchase according to

such tables approved by the Treasury under this Part

of this Act as are for the time being in force.

(3) Where the consideration for the annuity consists

of other Government stock or annuities or money, the

stock, annuities or money shall first be converted into

terms of consolidated stock, according, in the case of

stock or annuities, to the average price thereof, to be

ascertained as hereinafter mentioned, and the annuity

shall be calculated with reference to the amount of

consolidated stock produced by such conversion, and

whenever the consideration is a sum of money, a charge

of two shillings and sixpence shall be made for every

entire one hundred pounds of consolidated stock produced

by such conversion as aforesaid.

(4) Where the amount of the annuity so calculated

produces a fraction less than fourpence, the fractional

part of the annuity less than fourpence shall be omitted

from the annuity.

(5) For the purposes of ascertaining the average

price of stock and annuities according to which the

amount of annuity to be granted under this Part of this Act is to be so calculated, the Bank of England shall

on every day on which any Government stock or annuities

have been bought at the Bank of England cause to be

made out and transmitted to the Comptroller-General

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

717

an account of the average price at which such stock

and annuities have been bought on that day, and a

copy of the account shall be put up in some conspicuous

place in the office of the Comptroller-General, for the

purpose of enabling persons to ascertain the price at

which stock or annuities may be transferred or money

laid out in the purchase of annuities.

(6) If no stock or annuities have been so bought on

any day, the calculation shall be made in accordance with

the average price of the stock or annuities on the nearest

preceding day.

(7) The amount of every annuity shall be calculated

and ascertained by the Comptroller-General or other

officer acting under the Commissioners, and checked by

the actuary or other check officer of the check branch

in the office of the Commissioners.

7.—(1) Where in the case of a life annuity the

necessary proofs of age and identity have been produced

and the amount of the annuity checked as aforesaid,

the Comptroller-General or other officer of the Commissioners shall give to the purchaser of the annuity an

authority for the Bank of England to accept the

consideration for the annuity.

(2) Where in the case of an annuity for years the

necessary declaration has been produced and the amount

of the annuity checked as aforesaid, the Comptroller-

General or other officer of the Commissioners shall grant

a certificate to the purchaser, and transmit a duplicate

of the certificate to the Bank of England, and shall

also when the consideration consists of a money payment

give to the purchaser an authority for the Bank of

England to accept the payment.

(3) As soon as the transfer or payment of the consideration has been made in the case of a life amiuity,

the Commissioners shall give a receipt to the person

by whom or on whose behalf the transfer or payment

) 3 made.

(4) As i-oon as the transfer or payment of the

consideration has been made in the case of an annuity

for years, the Bank, upon the production of such original

Provisions

as to payment of

consideration.

718

Ch. 29.

Security for

and payment of

annuities.

27 & 28 Vict,

c. 46.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

certificate as aforesaid, shall give a receipt to the person

by whom or on whose behalf the transfer or payment

is made.

(5) Such receipt as aforesaid shall be a discharge

for the stock or annuities transferred or the moneys

paid as consideration, and the purchaser shall thereupon

become entitled to the annuity.

(6) As soon as the purchaser has become so entitled to

the annuity he shall, in the case of a life annuity, if so

required by the Commissioners, sign an acceptance

thereof in the books of the Commissioners himself or by

his duly authorised agent, and in the case of an annuity

for years, if so required by the Bank of England, sign

an acceptance thereof in the books of the Bank of England

himself or by his duly authorised agent.

(7) No such authority as aforesaid, and, when stock

or annuities are transferred as consideration for an

annuity for years, no such certificate as aforesaid, shall

continue valid to authorise the transfer of stock or

annuities or the payment of money being made after

the expiration of five days from the date of the authority

or certificate.

(8) Any person appointed by the Commissioners

for the purpose is hereby authorised to accept the transfer

of stock or annuities under this section.

(9) Any sum of money paid to the Bank of England

upon production of any such authority as aforesaid shall

be accepted by the Bank.

8.—(1) All immediate life annuities and all annuities

for years, whether immediate or deferred, shall be charged

on the Consolidated Fund and issued thereout or out of the growing produce thereof at such times as the Treasury

may direct.

(2) All deferred life annuities shall be charged on and

paid out of the fund established under the Government

Annuities (Investments) Act, 1864, and regulated by

Part III of this Act, which fund is hereinafter in this Act

referred to as the "Government Annuities Investment

Fund."

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Cir. 29.

719

9. —(1) All annuities granted under this Part of this Act shall be payable quarterly, on the fifth day of

January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and

the fifth day of October, in each year.

(2) The first quarterly payments of such annuities

(other than deferred annuities) shall be made on the days

of payment specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

(3) On the expiry of a life annuity by reason of the

death of a single nominee, or of the survivor of two joint

nominees, or of either of two joint nominees, a sum equal

to one-fourth part of the annuity, over and above all

quarterly arrears thereof, shall, if claimed within two

years after the death of that nominee, but not otherwise,

be payable to the person entitled to the annuity, or to

his executors, administrators or assigns, as the case may

be, at any time after the expiration of thirty days after

proof of the death:

Provided that such sum shall not be payable in

respect of any deferred fife annuity unless one quarterly

payment of the annuity has been made or has become

due at the time of the death of the nominee.

10. —(1) The quarterly payments of life annuities

shall be made by the Commissioners by warrants,

addressed to the Bank of England, upon proof of the

existence of the nominee, or, if the annuity depends on

two joint lives and the life of the survivor, of either of the nominees, or, if the annuity depends on the joint

continuance of two lives, of both the nominees, either—

(a) by the personal appearance of such nominee or

nominees before an officer of the Commissioners

on the quarterly day for payment or some day

subsequent thereto; or

(b) by the production of such certificate and declaration as are in this section mentioned; or

(c) by other evidence to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners.

(2) The certificate so required shall be a certificate

by any person prescribed in that behalf by a warrant

of the Treasury that the nominee was living on a day

specified in the certificate, being the quarterly day for

payment, or some day subsequent thereto.

Times of

payment.

Mode of

payment of

life annuities.

720

Ch. 29.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Mode of

payment of

one-fourth

of life

annuity on

expiration

of annuity.

(3) The declaration so required shall be a declaration

by a person entitled to the life annuity, or some person

on his behalf, stating that the person mentioned in the

certificate is the nominee or one of the nominees on whose

life the annuity depends, and where an annuity depends

on the life of two nominees and the fife of the survivor,

the declaration, if referring to one only of the nominees,

shall state whether the other of the two nominees is

living or dead, and, if living, his usual place of residence,

or that the person making the declaration is wholly

ignorant whether such other nominee is living or dead,

or of his place of residence, as the case may be.

(4) Where two or more annuities have been granted

upon the life of the same nominee, then—

(a) if the existence of the nominee has been proved

by his personal appearance before an officer of the Commissioners for the purpose of one of

those annuities, no further proof of his existence shall be required in respect of any other

such annuity; and

(b) if a certificate of the existence of the nominee has

been produced in accordance with the provisions

of this section by a person entitled to one

annuity, it shall not be necessary for a person

entitled to another such annuity to produce

a certificate, but a declaration by or on behalf

of the person entitled to such other annuity as

to the identity of the person to whom the

certificate relates with the person on whose fife

his annuity depends shall be sufficient.

11.—(1) The sum equal to one-fourth of a life

annuity payable under this Part of this Act on the

expiration of the annuity, shall (with all quarterly arrears)

be paid by the Commissioners by warrant addressed

to the Bank of England, on production to the proper

officer of the Commissioners of a certificate of the death

or burial of the nominee on whose death the annuity

expired, together -with a declaration as to the identity of the person named in the certificate with that nominee,

which declaration shall also state the date of his

death:

Provided that, where it is proved to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners that such certificate as aforesaid

cannot be produced, the Commissioners may admit such

1929- Government Annuities Ch. 29.

Act, 1929.

other evidence of the death of the nominee as in each

case may be considered sufficient.

(2) Certificates of death or burial for the purpose of this section shall specify the date of' death or burial, and

shall be given by such persons as are authorised by a

warrant of the Treasury.

(3) Extracts or copies from the registers of the

Society of Friends (commonly called Quakers) or from

the register of any Nonconformist or Roman Catholic

chapel or any non-parochial chapel, if certified by the

registrar or other person keeping the register, shall be

accepted as evidence of death or burial.

12. —(1) The quarterly payments of annuities for

years shall be made at the Bank of England.

(2) All annuities for years granted under this Part

of this Act shall be carried to the separate account in the

books of the Bank of England and the books of the

Commissioners to which such annuities have heretofore

been carried, and the account shall be known under the

title of " Annuities for terms of years granted by the

National Debt Commissioners."

13. —(1) Life annuities shall be transferable in the

books of the Commissioners in such form and subject to

such regulations as the Commissioners may approve:

Provided that every such annuity shall only be

transferable entire and not in parts or shares.

(2) Annuities for years shall be transferable entire

or in parts in the books of the Bank of England during the

continuance of the terms for which the annuities are

severally granted.

(3) On the transfer of an annuity the person to whom

the transfer is made shall, if the Commissioners or the

Bank of England so require, sign his acceptance thereof

himself or by his duly authorised agent.

14. Where the consideration for any deferred life

annuity is payable by means of annual sums and default

is made in paying such sums in accordance with the

agreement made with the Commissioners the right to

the annuity shall be extinguished and no person shall

have the right to claim the repayment of any sums which

may have been paid in respect thereof.

Zz

721

Mode of

payment of

annuities

for years.

Transfers of

life annuities.

Forfeiture

of deferred

annuities

for nonpayment of

instalments,

722 Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Unclaimed 15.—(1) The Commissioners shall, on the fifth day

annuities. of January in every year, make up an account of all life

annuities which have remained unclaimed for the space

of the last three years, and all annuities so remaining

unclaimed, together with the unclaimed quarterly arrears

thereof, and all fife annuities which may have expired,

and all quarterly arrears thereof, shall cease to be charged

upon and shall not be issued out of the fund on which

they are charged by this Part of this Act, as from the

date from which they have remained so unclaimed or on

which they have so expired:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prejudice

the rights of any person entitled to any such unclaimed

annuity to claim the quarterly arrears and future payments thereof, the claim being supported by such proof

of the existence of the nominee as is required by section

ten of this Act, and in every such case the Commissioners

may reinstate the annuity so claimed and charge it and

all arrears thereof on the same fund as previously.

(2) The Bank of England shall in each quarter

make up an account of all annuities for years which

have remained unclaimed for the space of ten years

preceding that quarter, and all such unclaimed annuities

and all arrears thereof shall be transferred to the Commissioners and shall be subject to the restrictions and

regulations to which other stocks and annuities are

33 & 34 Vict, subject by Part VII of the National Debt Act, 1870, as

c - 71. amended by any subsequent enactment.

Tables for 16.—(1) For the purpose of ascertaining the values

annuities. of the several annuities authorised to be granted under

this Part of this Act, the Treasury may direct the Commissioners to use such tables, framed on the principles

laid down in this Part of this Act for ascertaining the

values of annuities granted thereunder, as may from time

to time be approved by the Treasury.

(2) The Treasury may from time to time alter

or revoke any such tables and direct the adoption of

such other tables in lieu thereof as may be approved

by the Treasury.

(3) The Commissioners before adopting any such

table shall give notice in the London Gazette that the

tables have been approved by the Treasury.

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

723

17 . — (1)All stock and. annuities transferred to the Manner in

Commissioners as consideration for annuities (other than which con-

deferred life annuities) under this Part of this Act shall sideration

forthwith be cancelled, and all sums of money paid to the ^beMiealt 68

Commissioners in consideration for any such annuity With _

(other than a deferred life annuity) shall be laid out on

behalf of the Commissioners as they direct in the purchase

of Government stock, and the stock so purchased shall

forthwith be cancelled.

(2) All stock, annuities and money received as

consideration for deferred life annuities shall be carried

to the credit of or paid into the Government Annuities

Investment Fund.

18 . All sums payable as consideration for any Accounts of

annuities granted under this Part of this Act shall be money paid

paid into the Bank of England, and inconsidera-

(a) if paid with respect to the purchase of life annuities.

annuities, shall be carried to the account of the Commissioners in respect of life annuities;

(b) if paid in respect of deferred life annuities,

shall be carried to the Government Annuities

Investment Fund;

(c) if paid in respect of annuities for years, shall

be carried to the account of the Commissioners

in respect of annuities for years.

19 . The Comptroller-General, acting under the Com- Certification

missioners, shall within fourteen days preceding the of amounts

fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day Payable on

of July, and the fifth day of October, in each year, certify quarter* 4

to the Treasury the amount on account of annuities j ay3

which will become payable under this Part of this Act

out of the Consolidated Fund on each of those dates

respectively, and the Treasury shall thereupon by warrant

direct the issue out of the Consolidated Fund to the

account of the Commissioners of the sum specified in the

certificate.

20 . Where probate or letters of administration Validity of

have been granted to any person in respect of the estate payments to

of a person entitled to an annuity under this Part of executors

this Act, the production of the probate or letters of arL d admird.

administration granted by any court in the United

Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands shall

Zz 2

724

Ch. 29.

Payment of

small sums

on death

without

letters of

administration.

Exemptions

from duties.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

be a sufficient authority to the Commissioners to pay to

the person to whom the probate or letters of administration have been granted any sum which may be due on

account of such amiuity if the amount of the estate

exceeds that sum.

21. On the death of a person to whom any sum

not exceeding one hundred pounds is due from the

Commissioners in respect of any life annuity granted

under this Part of this Act, then, if the Commissioners

so direct and subject to the regulations (if any) made

by the Treasury, probate or other proof of the title

of the personal representative of the deceased person

may be dispensed with, and the said sum may be paid

or distributed to or among the persons appearing to

the Commissioners beneficially entitled to the personal

estate of the deceased person, or to or among any one

or more of those persons, or in the case of the

illegitimacy of the deceased person or his children, to

or among such persons as the Commissioners may think

fit, and the Commissioners shall be discharged from

all liability in respect of any such payment or

distribution.

22. —(1) No stamp duty shall be payable in respect

of—

(a) any certificate, declaration, or affidavit made

or taken in pursuance of this Part of this Act; or

(b) the transfer of any stock or annuities to the

Commissioners under this Part of this Act; or

(c) any certificate or other instrument respecting the

payment of money for the purchase of an

annuity under this Part of this Act; or

(d) any transfer or acceptance of any such annuity

in the books of the Commissioners or the books

of the Bank of England; or

(e) any warrant or receipt for the payment of any

such annuity or any part thereof; or

(f) any other instrument (except a power of attorney)

made out by or under the authority of the

Commissioners.

1920.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

725

(2) Annuities granted under this Part of this Act

shall not be liable to any taxes, charges, or impositions,

other than those to which dividends on consolidated stock

may for the time being be liable.

23. —(1) The Commissioners may, in any case Evidence

where a declaration is required under this Part of this Act, require the declaration to be confirmed by

an affidavit before the Comptroller-General or officer

appointed for the purpose by the Commissioners, or

before a justice of the peace or magistrate.

(2) Where a declaration is required to be produced

under this Part of this Act for the purpose of receiving

an annuity, an affidavit may be produced in lieu thereof.

(3) Where any evidence is produced by any person

for the purpose of the purchase or receipt of an annuity

which is not strictly conformable with the provisions of this Part of this Act, the Commissioners may admit

such evidence if it appears satisfactory.

(4) The Commissioners or the Comptroller-General or

any officer appointed for the purpose by the Commissioners

may administer oaths for the purposes of affidavits

under this Part of this Act.

24. —(1) All warrants of the Commissioners for the Provisions

payment of sums payable by them under this Part of as to

this Act may, subject to regulations made by the Com- warrants,

missioners, be sent by post.

(2) A warrant so sent by post shall be deemed to be

a cheque of the Commissioners within the meaning of any

enactment relating to cheques for the time being in

force.

(3) Any person desirous of having a warrant for an

annuity sent to him through the post shall give to the

Commissioners an address in the British Islands to which

a letter containing the warrant is to be sent, and, subject

to the provisions of any regulations made under this Part

of this Act, the posting by the Commissioners of a letter

containing the warrant addressed to an annuitant at his

request at the address given by him to the Commissioners shall, as respects the liability of the Commissioners

and of the Consolidated Fund, be equivalent to the

delivery of the warrant to the annuitant himself.

726

Provisions

as to

certificates,

&c.

Power to

correct

errors.

Regulations.

Transfers

between

Banks of

England and

Ireland.

Ch. 29.’Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act the

expression " warrant " shall he deemed to include any

draft, order, cheque, or other document for the time

being used by the Commissioners as a medium for the

payment of annuities under this Part of this Act.

25. —(1) Certificates, declarations, and other instruments required for the purposes of this Part of this Act

shall be in such form and shall conform with such regulations as the Commissioners may approve.

(2) No fee shall be taken by any officer acting under

the Commissioners for granting any certificate, or for

any other act, matter or thing to be done in pursuance

of this Part of this Act.

26. The Commissioners may correct, rectify or

amend any contract for an annuity, or any certificate or

other instrument, in cases where any mistake or accidental error has been made in carrying out any provisions

of this Part of this Act.

27. —(1) The Commissioners may make regulations

providing for the production or transmission by post or

otherwise to the persons prescribed in the regulations

of the certificates and declarations which are required

to be produced before the payment of annuities, and

with respect to any matters which under this Part of this Act are expressed to be subject to regulations of the

Commissioners.

(2) The Commissioners, with the concurrence of the

Treasury, may make regulations as to the mode in

which any sum payable by the Commissioners hi respect

of an aimuity under this Part of this Act may be paid,

and the maimer in which a valid discharge is to be given

to the Commissioners for any such payment, and payments made and discharges given in accordance with

the regulations shall be valid notwithstanding anything

in this or any other Act to the contrary.

28. Annuities for years granted under this Part of this Act may be transferred to and from the books of the

Bank of England from and to the books of the Bank of

Ireland for the purpose of having corresponding sums

in the like annuities written into the books of those

banks respectively, in like manner and under the same

1929. Government Annuities Ch. 29. 727

Act, 1929.

regulations as Government stock is permitted to be

so transferred.

29 . Such allowances to the Bank of England as Allowances

the Treasury approve in respect of services rendered by to Bank of the cashiers and other officers of the Bank in the England,

execution of this Part of this Act, shall be paid by the

Treasury out of moneys provided by Parliament.

30 . There shall annually be prepared and laid before Annual

Parliament on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in account,

each year if Parliament is then sitting, or if not then

sitting within fourteen days after the commencement

of the next session of Parliament, an account made up

by the Commissioners to the preceding fifth day of

January, of the gross amount of all stock and annuities

transferred, and of all sums of money paid, to the

Commissioners in consideration for annuities under this

Part of this Act, and of the gross amount of the life

annuities and annuities for years which have been granted

under the provisions of this Part of this Act within the

year ending on the said fifth day of January.

31 . If any person contrary to the provisions of this Punishment

Part of this Act receives any payment in respect of any fur improper

life annuity after the death of the nominee, or of the receipt, of

survivor, or of either of two nominees in the case of an annuit, y '

annuity depending on the joint continuance of two lives,

knowing such nominee to be dead, he shall forfeit treble

the amount of all money so received and also a further

sum of five hundred pounds.

32 . — (1)If any certificate or affidavit is produced Punishment

to an officer of the Commissioners which contains any for false

untrue statement of the age of any person proposed or statements -

appointed to be a nominee with intent to obtain an

amiuity on the continuance of the life of any person

under the age of fifteen years, or to obtain a higher

rate or amount of annuity than would be allowed under

the provisions of this Part of this Act according to the

true age of that nominee, all stock or annuities which

may have been transferred, and all money which may

have been paid, as consideration for the amiuity, shall

be forfeited, and all right and title to any annuity in

respect thereof shall determine, and the person by

whom or on whose behalf the stock or annuities have

728 Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

been transferred or money paid shall forfeit treble the

amount of every sum which may have been received by

him or on his behalf in respect of the annuity and also

a further sum of five hundred pounds.

(2) If any certificate of the existence or death or

burial of any nominee given under this Part of this Act

by a person prescribed in that behalf by a warrant of the

Treasury is false, the person giving it shall, if he acted

wilfully, be guilty of a misdemeanour, and, if he acted

negligently, be liable on summary conviction to a fine

not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) If any declaration made for the purposes of this

Part of this Act is untrue in any particular, the person

making the declaration shall, in addition to any other

penalty to which he may be subject, forfeit the sum of

one hundred pounds.

(4) If, in Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Channel

Islands or the Isle of Man, any person in any declaration

or affidavit for the purposes of this Part of this Act before

any justice of the peace, magistrate, or officer of the

Commissioners, wilfully makes any false statement, he

shall be liable on conviction to be punished as if he were

guilty of perjury.

torgery. 33. If, in Scotland, the Channel Islands or the Isle

of Man, any person forges or knowingly assists hi forging

or, with intent to defraud, utters to any person acting

under this Part of this Act—

(a) any register of the birth, baptism, death, burial

or marriage of any person appointed or to be appointed a nominee under this Part of this Act,

or any copy or certificate of any such register,

or the name of any witness to any such

certificate;

(b) any declaration, warrant, order, or other instrument, or any affidavit required to be made by

this Part of this Act or by the Commissioners

under any authority given to them for that

purpose;

(c) any certificate of any justice of the peace or

magistrate of any such affidavit having been

taken before him, or any certificate or order of

any officer of the Commissioners;

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

729

(d) any certificate of any person authorised under

this Part of this Act to grant any certificate of the life or death of any nominee;

(e) any certificate or order of any cashier or clerk

of the Bank of England;

(f) the name of any person on any transfer of any

stock or annuities, or on any certificate, order,

warrant, or other instrument for the payment

of money, for the purchase of any annuity under

the provisions of this Part of this Act;

(g) the name of any person on any transfer or

acceptance of any such annuity in the books of the Bank of England or in the books of the

Commissioners;

(h) the name of any person on any receipt or discharge for any such annuity, or on any receipt or

discharge for any payment due or to become

due thereon;

(i) the name of any person on any letter of attorney

or other authority or instrument authorising the

transfer or acceptance of any stock or annuities,

or of any annuity under the provisions of this

Part of tins Act, or authorising the receipt of

any such annuity, or any payment due, or to

become due thereon;

he shall on conviction be liable to penal servitude for

life.

34. If any person, with intent to defraud, wilfully Personation,

personates any nominee, he shall be guilty of felony and

liable on conviction to penal servitude for life.

35. —(1) All pecuniary penalties and forfeitures im- Recovery-

posed by this Part of this Act (other than fines recoverable and appli-

summarily) shall be recoverable by information in the cation of

High Court or as respects Scotland in the name of the P enalties -

Lord Advocate hi the Court of Session.

(2) Every such penalty or forfeiture shall be paid

into the Exchequer.

(3) It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to cause

such reward as they think fit, not exceeding one-half of

any such penalty or forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all charges and expenses incurred in recovering it,

730 Ch. 29. Government Anmiities 19 & 20 Geo. 5-

Act, 1929.

to be paid to any person who may appear to them to

be entitled thereto as informer.

Repeals and 36.—(1) The enactments mentioned in Part I of the

savings. Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the

extent specified in the third column of that part of that

schedule.

(2) This Part of this Act shall apply to all annuities

granted before and in force at the commencement of this Act under any enactment so repealed as if they had

been granted under this Part of this Act, and where a

person entitled to an annuity granted before the commencement of this Act purchases an annuity under this

Part of this Act depending on the life of the same nominee

as the former annuity, the annuity so purchased shall

be added to the former annuity, and the two shall be

treated as a single annuity depending on the life of such

nominee, as if both annuities had been granted under

this Act:

Provided that—

(a) An annuity being a deferred life annuity

granted before the fourteenth day of July

eighteen hundred and sixty-four shall remain

charged upon and issuable out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce

thereof; and

(b) This Part of this Act shall apply to an annuity

granted under any such repealed enactment

before the twenty-eighth day of July eighteen

hundred and eighty-eight, subject to the

modifications set forth in Part I of the Third

Schedule to thi3 Act.

(3) All regulations and tables made under any

enactment so repealed shall continue in force and have

effect as if they had been made under this Act.

(4) All powers of attorney and other instruments in

respect of any annuity granted under any enactment so

repealed, or in respect of an application for any such

annuity, executed before the commencement of this Act,

shall continue in force and have the same validity as if

this Act had not been passed.

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

731

Part II.

Savings Bank Annuities and Insurances.

37 . —(1)Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act and of the regulations made thereunder, the

Commissioners may, either themselves directly, or through

savings banks or parochial or other societies or other

duly authorised agents, grant savings bank annuities,

that is to say :—

(a) immediate or deferred annuities depending on a

single life; or

(b) immediate annuities depending on joint lives

and the life of the survivor, or on the joint

continuance of two lives.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the Commissioners may

also in like manner enter into contracts (hereinafter

referred to as savings bank insurances)—

(a) for the payment of a sum of money on the

death of the person or one of the persons with

whom the contract is made; or

(b) for the payment of a sum of money to be made

on the attainment by the person with whom

the contract is made of a specified age, or sooner

in the case of his death.

(3) The Commissioners may refuse to giant a

savings bank annuity or a savings bank insurance in

any case where there are, in the opinion of the Commissioners, sufficient grounds for refusing so to do.

(4) The Treasury may by warrant addressed to the

Commissioners discontinue the granting of savings bank

annuities or insurances if they think fit so to do.

38 . —(1)The amount of a savings bank annuity

shall not, nor shall the aggregate amount of any savings

bank annuities granted on the life of any one person,

exceed one hundred pounds a year, or such larger

amount as may be provided by any Act passed whether

before or after the passing of this Act in the present

session of Parliament.

Power

to grant

savings bank

annuities

and insurances.

Limits on

amount o

annuities

and insurances.

732 Ch. 29.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(2) The amount of a savings bank insurance shall

not, nor shall the aggregate amount of any savings

bank insurances granted in respect of the life of any one

person, exceed one hundred pounds.

Limit of 39.—(1) A savings bank annuity may be granted to

a ge- any person not under the age of five years.

(2) A savings bank insurance may be granted to a

person not over the age of sixty-five and not under the

age of fourteen years, or, if the amount does not exceed

five pounds, not under the age of eight years.

Ascertainment of

amount of

40. AH savings bank annuities and insurances

shall be granted in accordance with the tables for the

annuities and time being in force made in pursuance of this Part of this Act.

Security for, 41.—(i) All immediate savings bank annuities shall

ment'of " charged on the Consolidated Fund and issued thereout

annuities or ou ^he g row hig produce thereof at such times as

andinsur- the Treasury may direct.

t m«. (2) All deferred savings bank annuities and all

savings bank insurances shall be charged on and paid

out of the Government Annuities Investment Fund.

(3) In the event of any contract for a savings bank

annuity or insurance being cancelled or varied in

pursuance of this Part of this Act, or any error therein

being corrected, the Commissioners may vary the

charge on the Consolidated Fund, or on the Government Annuities Investment Fund, in such manner as

may be necessary for carrying into effect such cancellation

variation or correction, and the Treasury may, if need

be, create new securities in lieu of any securities which

have been cancelled, and the securities so created shall

be charged on the Consolidated Fund and payable in

like manner and be subject to the same conditions as

the securities so cancelled.

Times of 42.—(1) All savings bank annuities shall be payable

payment of quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of

annuities. April, the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of October,

in each year.

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

733

(2) The first quarterly payments of such annuities

shall be made on the days of payment specified in the

First Schedule to this Act.

(3) On the expiry of a savings bank annuity by

reason of the death of a single nominee or of the survivor

of joint nominees, or of either of two joint nominees, a

sum equal to one-fourth part of the annuity, over and

above all quarterly arrears thereof, shall, if claimed

within two years after the death of that nominee, but

not otherwise, be payable to the person entitled to the

annuity, or to his executors or administrators, as the

case may be, at any time after the expiration of thirty

days after proof of the death:

Provided that such sum shall not be payable in

respect of any deferred annuity unless one quarterly

payment of the annuity has been paid or has become

due at the time of the death of the nominee.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expression

" nominee" means a person on whose life the savings

bank annuity depends.

43. All moneys becoming due on account of savings

bank annuities and insurances shall be paid to the persons

entitled thereto in accordance with regulations made under

this Part of this Act.

44. —(1) A savings bank annuity depending on the

life of any person other than the person to whom it is

granted may be transferred.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing subsection, the Commissioners may permit the

transfer under such regulations as the Commissioners

think fit—

(a) of a savings bank annuity granted jointly to two

or more persons on the life of one of them, so,

however, that the person on whose life the

annuity depends is the transferee or one of the

transferees;

(b) of a savings bank annuity granted to two or

more persons on the joint lives of two or more

persons, so, however, that all the persons on

whose lives the annuity depends, or such of

Mode of

payment of

annuities

and insurances.

Transfer of

annuities

and insurances.

734 Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

those persons as the Commissioners think fit,

are the transferees or included amongst the

transferees.

(3) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this

section, a savings bank annuity shall not, nor shall

any interest therein, be assignable so as to enable the

assignee to receive the annuity during the lifetime of the proprietor, except in the case of the bankruptcy of

an individual proprietor, in which case the annuity shall

become the property of the trustee in bankruptcy; and

in the case of such bankruptcy, the Commissioners shall

repurchase the annuity according to the value thereof

computed upon the tables upon which the annuity was

originally purchased, and the receipt of the trustee shall

be a sufficient discharge to the Commissioners who shall

forthwith cancel the annuity:

Provided that in the case of the bankruptcy of

one of two or more joint proprietors of a savings bank

annuity nothing in this subsection shall prevent his

interest therein vesting in the trustee in bankruptcy.

(4) Any person entitled to a savings bank insurance

may, after having duly paid for two years or upwards

premiums thereon, assign his right and interest therein

upon payment of such fee and on such conditions as may

be fixed by regulations under this Part of this Act, and

the assignee shall have all the rights and interests therein,

including the right to sue, possessed by the assignor, but

no greater right or interest.

Commuta- 45.—(1) Any person entitled to a savings bank

tion of in- insurance shall be entitled to commute it for such fife

surances for annu fty as ma y be equivalent to the sum payable oil

death under the insurance on depositing during his

lifetime with the Commissioners a direction in writing

to that effect, and nominating the person to whom

the annuity is to be paid, in a form approved by the

Commissioners.

(2) The annuity when approved by the Commissioners shall commence on the sixth day of January,

the sixth day of April, the sixth day of July, or the

sixth day of October, as the case may be, next following

the death of the person insured, and the first quarterly

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

735

payment shall be made in respect of the quarter

commencing on that date.

46. If a person entitled to a savings bank insurance,

after having paid the premiums due thereon for a period

of not less than two years, desires to surrender his policy,

or makes default in the payment of premiums due in

respect thereof, the Commissioners, at the option of the

person entitled to the policy, shall pay him such sum

of money as may be ascertained in accordance with the

regulations under this Part of this Act, or shall grant to

him such paid-up policy of insurance, or such an immediate or deferred savings bank annuity, as under the

tables for the time being in force under this Part of this Act may be equivalent in value to the sum which under

this section would be paid to him in money:

Provided that this section shall not apply where the

insurance was granted on the condition that no portion of the premiums paid are to be returnable.

47. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act and the regulations made thereunder, all enactments

for the time being in force relating to savings banks, and

all regulations made in pursuance of those enactments,

shall, so far as is consistent with the tenour thereof,

apply for the purposes of this Part of this Act, and a

person to whom a savings bank annuity or insurance has

been granted shall be deemed for the purpose of those

enactments and regulations to be a depositor in a savings

bank:

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this Act shall exempt any person

obtaining or becoming entitled to any savings

bank insurance from any estate duty or stamp

duty;

(b) for the purposes of arbitration references to

trustees of savings banks shall, where necessary, be construed as references to the

Commissioners.

48. —(1) If payment of any sum of money alleged

to be due under a savings bank insurance is refused by

the Commissioners, the person entitled thereto may, if

he thinks fit, instead of proceeding by arbitration in the

manner provided by the enactments relating to savings

Provisions

as to

surrender

of insurance

and default

in paying

premium.

Application

of (Savings

Banks Acts.

Power to recover money in county courts.

736

Ch. 29.

Miscellaneous provisions as to

annuities

and insurances.

Unclaimed

annuities.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

banks as applied by this Part of this Act, take proceedings

for recovering the amount claimed against the Commissioners in the county court of the district in which the

contract was entered into, or, with the consent of the

Commissioners, in the county court within the district of

which such person is resident.

For the purposes of this section the contract shall be

deemed to have been entered into at the place where the

insured person resided at the date specified in the contract

as the date thereof.

(2) A county court in which proceedings may be

taken under this section shall have jurisdiction in the

matter, and the decision of the court thereon shall be

final and shall not be subject to any appeal.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland

references to the sheriff court shall be substituted for

references to the county court.

(4) In the application of this section to the Islands

of Jersey or Guernsey, references to the Royal Courts

of those islands, and in the application of tins section

to the Isle of Man, references to the Common Law

Division (Summary Jurisdiction) of the High Court,

shall be substituted for references to the county court.

49. —(1) Where a savings bank annuity or insurance

has been granted to two or more persons they shall be

entitled thereto as joint tenants.

(2) Where any person entitled to a savings bank

annuity or insurance is insane or otherwise incapacitated

from acting, then, subject to any regulations made

under this Part of this Act, payment of the annuity

or insurance may be made at such times and in such

sums and to such persons as may seem proper and

the receipt of those persons shall be a good discharge.

50. The Commissioners shall on the fifth day of

January in every year make up an account of all

savings bank annuities which have remained unclaimed

for the last three years, and all annuities so remaining

unclaimed, together with the unclaimed quarterly arrears

thereof, and all savings bank amiuities which may

have expired, and all quarterly arrears thereof, shall

cease to be charged upon and shall not be issued out

1929. Government Annuities Act, 1929. Ch. 29. 737

of the fund on which they are charged by this Part

of this Act, as from the date from which they have

remained so unclaimed or on which they have so

expired:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prejudice

the rights of any person entitled to any unclaimed annuity

who may at any subsequent period prove his title to the

annuity to the satisfaction of the Commissioners.

51. — (1) The Postmaster-General may, with the

consent of the Treasury, if he thinks fit, authorise such of his officers as he may select to receive any moneys becoming payable on contracts entered into under this Part of this Act, and to pay on behalf of the Commissioners any moneys becoming due under such contracts.

Power of

Commissioners to

act through

medium of

Post Office

and trustee

savings

banks.

(2) The Commissioners may, with the consent of the

Treasury, if they think fit, authorise the trustees of

savings banks, with the consent of the trustees, to receive

any moneys which may become payable upon contracts

entered into under this Part of this Act for remittance

to the Commissioners, and to pay on behalf of the

Commissioners, any moneys which may become due under

such contracts, and the Commissioners may make to the

trustees a reasonable allowance for their expenses out of the moneys so received and paid over by the trustees to

the Commissioners.

52. — (1) The Commissioners, with the concurrence Regulations,

of the Treasury, may make regulations as to the mode

in which any sum payable by the Commissioners in

respect of any savings bank annuity may be paid, and

the manner in which a valid discharge is to be given

to the Commissioners for any such payment, and payments

made and discharges given in accordance with those

regulations shall be valid notwithstanding anything in

this or any other Act to the contrary.

(2) The Commissioners, with the concurrence of the

Treasury, may make regulations for carrying out the

provisions of this Part of this Act, so far as regards any

annuities and insurances granted by the Commissioners

either directly or through any parochial or other society,

and so far as the trustees of savings banks are concerned;

and for the execution of contracts on behalf of the ,

3 A

738 Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

Commissioners by officers appointed for the purpose by

the Commissioners, or by the Postmaster-General with

the consent of the Commissioners, and the regulations

' so made shall provide—

(a) For proofs of age, identity, state of health,

and such other matters as appear necessary or

proper for the grant of annuities and insurances,

and, in the case of an insurance for such sum

not exceeding twenty-five pounds as may be

fixed by the regulations, for diminishing the

amount to be paid to the insured in the event

of any regulation as to medical certificates

or any other matters having been dispensed

with; and

(b) For regulating the time and mode of making

the payments to obtain savings bank annuities

and insurances, and enabling them to be

made out of the deposits in a savings bank;

and

(c) For crediting the accounts of depositors in a

savings bank with sums due in respect of

savings bank annuities or insurances; and

(d) For regulating the mode of payment of savings

bank annuities and insurances and the receipts

to be given for the same; and

(e) For cancelling or varying contracts for the grant

of annuities and insurances and correcting errors

arising on any such grant; and

(f) For enabling a person to whom an insurance is

granted to nominate a person to whom the

money due under the insurance, not exceeding

one hundred pounds, is to be paid, and for

the discharge to be given therefor; and

(g) In the case of minors under the age of twenty-one

years, for the making of contracts, the making

of payments to obtain savings bank annuities

and insurances out of the deposits in savings

banks, the giving of receipts, and the doing of

other acts, on their behalf; and the contracts

and payments so made, the receipts so given,

and the acts so done, shall be valid and binding

on the minor; and

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

739

(h) For making payments on the death of children

under ten years of age subject to the provisions

contained in sections sixty-two to sixty-seven

of the Friendly Societies Act, 1896, as amended 59 & 60 Vict,

by section two of the Friendly Societies Act, c - 25.

1924, hi like maimer as if they were payments

to which those sections apply.

(3) Regulations may be made by the Postmaster-

General with the concurrence of the Treasury for carrying

out the provisions of this Part of this Act so far as his

department is concerned.

(4) Regulations made under this section, other than

those made under subsection (1) thereof, shall be laid

before Parliament, and shall have effect as if enacted

in this Act.

53.—(1) The Treasury may from time to tune cause Tables for

tables to be constructed for calculating the amounts of annuities

savings bank annuities and insurances. and msur '

(2) Every such table when approved by the Treasury

shall, together with a statement of the rules observed

in constructing it, be laid before both Houses of Parliament for not less than thirty days, and if an address is

presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament

praying that such table may be cancelled, the table shall

be cancelled without prejudice to the framing of another

table in lieu of the table so cancelled.

(3) After the expiration of the said thirty days the

Treasury may cause the table, if not cancelled as above

provided, to be published in the London Gazette, and

the table shall come into operation on the day on which

it is so published or such later day as may be fixed by

the Treasury.

(4) The tables shall be framed in such maimer that

the fund formed by the receipt of sums in respect of

deferred annuities and of insurances, and the amounts

paid for immediate annuities, shall respectively be

adequate (after payment of expenses) to meet all claims

without causing any loss to the Exchequer.

(5) The tables shall be framed so that the payments

to obtain the annuities and insurances may be made in

one sum or in annual or more frequent instalments, and

be made dining life or during a limited period.

3 A 2

740 Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(6) The tables may also provide for such variations

in the rates for, and conditions of, annuities and insurances, and such surrender of insurances, and such other

matters, as may seem expedient.

(7) Upon any new table made under this section

coining into operation, any previous existing table in

lieu of which the new table is expressly made shall be

revoked, without prejudice nevertheless to a nn uities or

insurances granted in accordance therewith.

(8) If the fund formed by the receipt of sums in

respect of insurances is so much in excess of the liabilities

that it is possible to reduce the payments made to obtain

insurances, and a new table is made under this section

for that purpose, the Treasury may provide for the giving

to persons entitled to insurances in force at that time

such portion of the surplus as seems just, in such manner

as seems expedient.

Application 54.—(1) All sums paid for savings bank annuities

ment of eSt anc insurances shall be paid into the Bank of England or

sums paid the Bank of Ireland to the account of the Commissioners,

for annuities and there carried to such account or accounts and under

or insur- such title or titles as the Commissioners direct, but current

ances. outgoings as hereinafter defined may be defrayed

thereout, either before or after payment into the bank.

(2) The sums paid for immediate annuities shall,

subject to the payment of current outgoings, be forthwith applied in the purchase of Government securities

(that is to say) of consolidated stock, perpetual or terminable annuities, exchequer bills, exchequer bonds, or

treasury bills and any securities issued under the War

Loan Acts, 1914 to 1919, or any Act extending or

amending those Acts, and the securities so purchased

shall be forthwith cancelled, and cease to be charged on

the Consolidated Fund.

(3) All moneys received by the Commissioners for

deferred savings bank annuities, and for savings bank

insurances, shall, subject as aforesaid, be paid into the

Government Annuities Investment Fund and invested in

manner provided by this Act.

(4) The expression "current outgoings " includes all

sums payable by the Commissioners in respect of savings

bank annuities or insurances, and also all such expenses

of carrying into effect this Part of this Act as are payable

1920. Government Annuities Ch. 29. 741

Act, 1929.

out of the sums paid by persons for savings bank annuities

and insurances.

All expenses incurred by any savings bank in the

execution of this Part of this Act to such amount as may

be from time to time allowed by the Commissioners

(subject to the directions of the Treasury) shall be paid

by the Commissioners, and defrayed by them as part of the expenses of the grant of annuities and insurances.

55. The Comptroller-General, acting under the Certification

Commissioners, shall within fourteen days preceding of amounts

the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth Payable on

day of July, and the fifth day of October, in each year, qil era

certify to the Treasury the amount on account of savings davs.

bank annuities which will become payable under this

Part of this Act out of the Consolidated Fund on each of

those dates respectively, and the Treasury shall thereupon

by warrant direct the issue out of the Consolidated Fund

to the account of the Commissioners of the sum specified

in the certificate.

56. Where probate or letters of administration have Validity of

been granted to any person in respect of the estate of a payments to

person entitled to a savings bank annuity, the production executors

of probate or letters of administration granted by any ^tors" 11 *

court in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the

Channel Islands shall be a sufficient authority to the

Commissioners to pay to the person to whom the probate

or letters of administration have been granted any sum

which may be due on account of such annuity if the

amount of the estate exceeds that sum.

57. On the death of a person to w T hom any sum not Payment of

exceeding one hundred pounds is due from the Commis- small sums

sioners in respect of any savings bank annuity, then, if

the Commissioners so direct and subject to the regulations i etters 0 f

(if any) made by the Treasury, probate or other proof administra-

of the title of the personal representative of the deceased tion.

person may be dispensed with, and the said sum may be

paid or distributed to or among the persons appearing to

the Commissioners beneficially entitled to the personal

estate of the deceased person, or to or among any one

or more of those persons, or in the case of the illegitimacy

of the deceased person or his children, to or among such

persons as the Commissioners may think fit, and the

Commissioners shall be discharged from all liability in

respect of any such payment or distribution

742

Exemption

of certain

documents

from stamp

duty.

Provisions

as to

warrants.

Trusts not

to be

recognised.

Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

58. No stamp duty shall be payable in respect

of—

(a) any copy of any register of birth, baptism,

marriage, or burial, made for the purposes of this

Part of this Act; or

(b) any certificate or declaration required for the

purposes of this Part of this Act; or

(c) any certificate or other instrument respecting the

payment of money for a savings bank annuity

or insurance; or

(' d)any power of attorney authorising the receipt, or

any receipt for the payment, of any savings

bank annuity or any part thereof, or for the

payment of any sum of money payable at death

under any savings bank insurance.

59. —(1) Where any savings bank annuities are

payable by warrants of the Commissioners the warrants

may, subject to regulations made by the Commissioners,

be sent by post.

(2) A warrant so sent by post shall be deemed to be

a cheque of the Commissioners within the meaning of any

enactment relating to cheques for the time being in force.

(3) Any person desirous of having a warrant for an

annuity sent to him through the post shall give to the

Commissioners an address in the British Islands to which

a letter containing the warrant is to be sent, and, subject

to the provisions of any regulations made under this

Part of this Act, the posting by the Commissioners of a

letter containing the warrant addressed to an annuitant

at his request at the address given by him to the Commissioners shall, as respects the liability of the Commissioners and of the Consolidated Fund, be equivalent to

the delivery of the warrant to the annuitant himself.

(4) For the purposes of this section the expression

" warrant " shall be deemed to include any draft order,

cheque or other document for the time being used by

the Commissioners as a medium for the payment of

annuities under this Part of this Act.

60. No notice of any trust, express implied or constructive, alfccting any savings bank annuity or insurance (except such trusts as are for the time being recog-

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

743

nised by law in. relation to deposits in savings banks, and

except such trusts as are provided for by section eleven

of the Married Women’s Property Act, 1882, or any

other enactment relating to the property of married

women) shall be entered upon any contract for such

annuity or insurance, or in any deposit book relating

thereto, nor shall any such notice be receivable by the

Commissioners or any savings bank.

61. —(1) If any person receives any payment in

respect of any savings bank annuity after the death of the person at whose death the annuity is to cease, or

receives the amount of any insurance payable at the

death of a person before the death of that person, he

shall be liable to pay to the Commissioners double the

amount of the sum received with interest thereon at the

rate of five per cent, per annum from the date of the

receipt, recoverable in a county court or any other competent court.

(2) If a person receiving any such sum as above-

mentioned received the sum with intent to defraud he

shall, in addition to the above-mentioned payment, be

liable on conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding twelve months.

62. —(1) If any one person by his own act holds

or claims to be entitled to any savings bank annuities

or insurances, w liich exceed in the whole the maximum

annuity or insurance allowed by this Part of this Act to

be granted to any one person, such person shall be liable,

in the discretion of the Commissioners, to forfeit the

whole or any part of such annuities or insurances.

(2) Any person who makes a false declaration in

relation to any matter or thing required by tins Part of this Act, or by the regulations made thereunder, or

produces any false declaration or certificate, shall be

liable, in the discretion of the Commissioners, to forfeit

the whole or any part of the savings bank annuity or

insurance to which the false declaration or certificate

related, or for the purpose of obtaining which it was

made or produced, and all or any part of the money paid

for obtaining the annuity or insurance, or the Commissioners may, in lieu of all or any part of such forfeiture,

adjust the contract made by such person so as to be in

accordance with what it would have been if the false

declaration or certificate had not been made or produced.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 75.

Punishment

for fraudulently

receiving

annuity or

insurance.

Punish ent

for false

declarations, &c.

744 Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

(3) If, iii Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Channel

Islands or the Isle of Man, a person makes any such false

declaration as aforesaid knowing the same to be false in

any material particular, he shall, in addition to such

forfeiture, be liable on conviction to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding twelve months.

(4) If, in Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Channel

Islands or the Isle of Man, a person in any declaration

for the purposes of this Part of this Act before any

justice of the peace, magistrate, or officer of the Commissioners, wilfully makes any false statement or declaration, he shall be liable on conviction to be punished

as if he were guilty of perjury.

Forgery. 63. If, in Scotland, the Channel Islands or the Isle

of Man, a person forges or with intent to defraud utters

to any person acting under the authority of this Act:—

(a) Any register of birth, baptism, death or burial,

required under the provisions of this Part of this Act, or any copy or certificate of any such

register, or the name of any witness to any such

certificate;

(b) Any declaration required to be taken for any of the purposes of this Part of this Act;

(c) Any certificate of any justice of the peace or

magistrate of any such declaration having been

taken before him or any certificate of any officer

of the Commissioners;

(d) Any certificate of any person authorised under

this Part of this Act to grant a certificate of the life or death of any annuitant;

(e) Any certificate of any cashier or clerk of the

Bank of England or Bank of Ireland;

(f) The name of any person on any certificate or

other instrument for the payment of money for

the purchase of any annuity or insurance under

the provisions of this Part of this Act;

(g) The name of any person on any receipt or discharge for any such annuity, or on any receipt

or discharge for any payment due or to become

due thereon, or for any sum payable under any

insurance under the provisions of this Part of this Act;

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

745

(h) The name of any person on any certificate

or other instrument authorising the receipt

of any life annuity or any annuity for years

of whatsoever kind, or sum payable under

any insurance, granted under this Part of this Act, or any payment due or to become due

thereon;

he shall be liable on conviction to the like punishment

as if he had been convicted of forgery.

64. If any person with intent to defraud wilfully Personation,

personates any person entitled to receive an annuity,

lie shall in England or Northern Ireland be guilty of a

misdemeanour, and be liable on conviction to imprisonment, with or without hard labour, for any term not

exceeding two years; and in Scotland the Channel

Islands or the Isle of Man be liable on conviction to the

like punishment as if he had been convicted of forgery.

65. —(1) There shall annually be prepared and laid Annual

before Parliament on or before the tw r enty-fifth day of accounts.

April in each year if Parliament is then sitting, or if not

then within fourteen days after the commencement of the next session of Parliament, an account .made up by

the Commissioners to the preceding fifth day of January

of the gross amount paid to the Commissioners under

this Part of this Act, and of the gross amount of

savings bank annuities and insurances which have been

granted during the year ending on the said fifth day

of January.

(2) The annual accounts of the Postmaster-General

and the Commissioners to the thirty-first day of December

in each year in respect of all moneys received or invested

under this Part of this Act shall annually prior to the

thirty-first day of March in each year be submitted by

the Postmaster-General and the Commissioners to the

Comptroller and Auditor-General.

66. —(1) The enactments mentioned in Part II Repeals and

of the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed savings.

to the extent specified in the third column of that

Schedule.

(2) This Part of this Act shall apply to all savings

bank annuities and insurances granted before, and in

force at, the commencement of this Act under any

746 Ch. 29. Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

enactment repealed by this section, or any similar

previous enactment, as if they had been granted under

this Act:

Provided that—

(a) Nothing in this section shall affect the validity

of any such annuity or insurance or the terms

and conditions on which it was granted, and

any deferred savings bank annuity granted

before the fourteenth day of July, eighteen

hundred and sixty-four, shall remain charged

upon the Consolidated Fund; and

(b) This Part of this Act shall apply to a savings

bank annuity granted under any such repealed

enactment before the eleventh day of October,

nineteen hundred and twenty-four, subject to

the modifications set forth in Part II of the

Third Schedule to this Act.

(3) All regulations and tables made under any

enactment repealed by this section shall continue in force

and have effect as if they had been made under this

Part of this Act.

(4) All powers of attorney and other instruments

executed for the purpose of any savings bank annuity

or insurance before, and in force at, the commencement

of tins Act shall continue in force and have the same

validity as if this Act had not been passed.

Part III.

General.

67.—(1) All moneys and securities which at the

commencement of this Act form part of the Government

Annuities Investment Fund, and all stock and annuities

which are carried to the credit of, and all moneys which

are paid into, that fund under the provisions of this Act,

and all securities for the time being representing

the same, shall be held by the Commissioners applicable

to meet the claims of such deferred annuities and

insurances as are made pavable thereout under this Act.

(2) All moneys for the time being forming part of the said Fund shall be invested in such securities as the

Provisions

as to fund

established

under 27 &

28 Vict,

c. 4(>.

1920.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

747

Commissioners are authorised by law to purchase on

account of savings banks, and the Commissioners shall

in respect of all such moneys have the like powers as

are vested by law in them in respect of moneys

received by them from trustees of savings banks for

investment.

(3) The Treasury may at any time, if they think

it advantageous to the public service, convert any

stock held by the Commissioners on account of the

fund into an equivalent amount of annuities for a term

of years charged on and payable out of the Consolidated

Fund, and wherever such conversion takes place the

stock so converted shall be cancelled, and copies of the authorities under which the conversion has been

made shall be laid before Parliament.

(4) An account of all moneys stock and annuities

paid into the fund and of the disposal thereof, and of all

contracts for the grant of deferred annuities and insurances

charged on the fund made in any calendar year, shall be

laid before Parliament not later than the thirty-first

day of March next following, showing—

(a) the amount of receipts during the year on

contracts;

(b) the number and amount of payments made on

account of contracts during the year;

(c) the amount of expenses during the year;

(d) the number and amount of new contracts entered

into;

(e) the total number and amount of all current

contracts at the end of the year;

(f) the whole amount of capital, distinguishing the

manner in which invested, how much in cash,

how much in securities, specifying their nature;

(g) the average rate of interest received upon each

class of investments;

(h) the table of mortality and the rate of interest

used in calculating the premiums.

(5) The Commissioners shall prepare and transmit to

the Treasury at the end of every five years a statement of the result of a valuation of the engagements

entered into and the liabilities incurred during the

preceding five years, and the assets applicable to meet

748

Ch. 29.

Powers of

Comptroller-

General and

Assistant

Comptroller.

Repeals.

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

the same, and if it appears that the amount of the

liabilities is greater than that of the assets, the Treasury

shall charge the deficiency upon the Consolidated Fund,

and if it appears that the value of the assets is more

than sufficient to discharge the liabilities, the Treasury

shall direct that there be cancelled out of the securities

held by the Commissioners an amount not exceeding

four-fifths of that surplus.

(6) The Treasury shall, upon being satisfied at any

time that the assets are not sufficient to meet the

liabilities and upon a certificate to that effect under the

hand of the Comptroller-General acting under the

Commissioners, direct such sums to be issued out of the

Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof as

may be necessary to meet the liabilities:

Provided that no such sums shall be issued as, taken

together, exceed the amount charged upon the Consolidated Fund under this section.

68. Anything under this Act required or authorised

to be done to by or in respect of the Commissioners

may be done to by or in respect of the Comptroller-

General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the Commissioners, and anything under this Act authorised to

be done by the Comptroller-General, may be done by

the Assistant Comptroller.

69. The enactments mentioned in Part III of the

Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the

extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

70. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Government

Annuities Act, 1929, and shall come into operation on

the twenty-first day of November, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine.

(2) This Act shall extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall extend to the Channel Islands and

the Isle of Man, and the Royal Courts of the Channel

Islands shall register it accordingly.

1929.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

719

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Dates on which First Quarterly Payments op

Annuities are to be made.

Where the purchase of an annuity has been completed

between the dates mentioned in the first column of the following

table the date for the first quarterly payment shall be that

mentioned in the second column of that table.

Between the closing of the stock The fifth day of April

transfer books of the Bank of next following the date

England under section twenty- of purchase,

eight of the National Debt

Act, 1870, in the month of

December and the last day of

February.

Between such closing in the The fifth day of July

month of March and the last next following the date

day of May. of purchase.

Between such closing in the The fifth day of October

month of June and the last next following the date

day of August. of purchase.

Between such closing in the The fifth day of January

month of September and the next following the date

last day of November. of purchase.

For the purpose of this Schedule a purchase shall be deemed

to be completed—

(i) in the case of an annuity to which Fart I of this Act

applies, by the transfer of the stock or annuities or the

payment of the money accepted as consideration therefor; and

(ii) in the case of a savings bank annuity by the actual

payment of the purchase money.

Section 9.

750 Ch. 29.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section 36.

Enactments repealed.

Part I.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

48 Geo. 3.

The Life Annuities Act,

Sections twenty-one, twenty-

c. 142.

1808.

three, and twenty-eight.

10 Geo. 4.

c. 24.

The Government Annuities

Act, 1829.

The whole Act.

11 Geo. 4. &

The Government Annuities

Sections six and nine so far

1 Will. 4.

c. 26.

Act, 1830.

as they relate to annuities

under the Government Annuities Act, 1829.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

c. 59.

The Government Annuities

Act, 1832.

The whole Act.

3 &4 Will. 4.

c. 24.

The Government Annuities

Act, 1833.

The whole Act.

7 Will. 4.

& 1 Vict,

c. 84.

The Forgery Act, 1837 -

The whole Act.

1 & 2 Vict.

The Government Annuities

Sections eleven and twelve,

c. 49.

Act, 1838.

except so far as they relate

to savings bank annuities,

and sections thirteen and

fourteen.

33 & 34 Vict 34 Vict.

The National Debt Act,

Section fifty, section sixty-

o. 71.

1870.

eight from " In the enactment described " to the end

of the section, and Parts

III. and IV. of the Second

Schedule so far as unrepealed.

36 & 37 Vict.

The Government Annuities

The whole Act, except so far

c. 44.

Act, 1873.

as it relates to savings bank

annuities.

61 & 52 Vict,

c. 15.

The National Debt (Supplemental) Act, 1888.

Sections one and two.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 46.

The Revenue Act, 1898 -

Section eighteen.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 46.

The Revenue Act, 1903 -

Section fifteen, and, so far as

it relates to annuities granted

under the Government Annuities Act, 1829, section

sixteen.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

c. 62.

The Finance Act, 1915 -

Subsection (2) of section

twenty-five.

1920.

Government Annuities

Act, 1929.

Ch. 29.

751

Part II.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

1 & 2 Vict.

The Government Annuities

Sections eleven and twelve

c. 49.

Act, 1838.

so far as they relate to

savings bank amiuities.

16 & 17 Vict,

c. 45.

The Government Annuities

Act, 1853.

The whole Act.

27 & 28 Vict,

c. 43.

The Government Annuities

Act, 1864.

The whole Act.

36 & 37 Vict.

The Government Annuities

The whole Act so far as it

c. 44.

Act, 1873.

relates to savings bank

annuities.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 51.

The Government Arum ities

Act, 1882.

The whole Act.

46 & 47 Vict.

The Provident Nomina-

In section three the words

c. 47.

tions and Small Intestacies Act, 1883.

" and subhead (e) of section

" six of the Government

" Annuities Act, 1882."

50 & 51 Vict.

The Savings Banks Act,

In section eight the words

c. 40.

1887.

" and of the Government

" Annuities Act, 1882."

Section nine.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 46.

The Revenue Act, 1903 -

Section sixteen so far as it

relates to savings bank

annuities.

14 & 15

Geo. 5.

c. 21.

The Finance Act, 1924 -

Section thirty-nine.

Part III.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

27 & 28 Vict.

The Government Amiuities

The whole Act.

c. 46.

(Investments) Act, 1864.

50 & 51 Vict.

The Savings Banks Act,

Section twelve from " the

c. 40.

1887.

1

" Government Annuities

" Acts, 1829 to 1882 " to

the end of the section.

In section thirteen the words

" and the Government

" Annuities Acts, 1829 to

(" 1887."

2nd Soh.

— cont.

Section 66.

Section 69.

752

Ch. 29.

Section 36.

Section 66.

Government Annuities 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Modifications with respect to Annuities granted

BEFORE THE TWENTY-EIGHTH DAY" OF JUNE,

Eighteen hundred and eighty-eight.

The annuities shall continue payable half-yearly on the fifth

day of January and on the fifth day of July, or on the fifth day of

April and the tenth day of October, in each year, as the case may

be, and references to quarterly days of payment and quarterly

arrears shall be construed as references to such half-yearly days

of payment and half-yearly arrears.

No such annuity shall be added to or treated as one with an

annuity granted after the 27th day of June, 1888, and depending

on the life of the same nominee, but a power of attorney with

respect to any such annuity shall be in force with respect to any

annuity granted after the 27th day of June, 1888, and depending

on the life of the same nominee and standing in the same name

or names in the books of the Commissioners.

The date at which the fourth part of the annuity payable

under subsection (3) of section nine of this Act is to be payable

shall be the half-yearly day of payment next succeeding the death

of the deceased nominee:

Provided that the payment may if the Commissioners think

fit be paid at any time after the expiration of thirty days after

proof of the death of the nominee.

Part II.

Modifications with respect to Sayings Banks-

Annuities granted before the Eleventh day

of October, Nineteen hundred and twenty-

four.

The annuities shall continue payable half-yearly on the fifth

day of January and on the fifth day of July, or on the fifth day

of April and the tenth day of October in each year, as the case

may be; and references to quarterly days of payment and

quarterly arrears shall be construed as references to such half-

yearly days of payment and hah-yearly arrears.

1929.

Chatham and Sheerness

Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1929.

Ch. 30.

753

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to prevent difficulties arising in the event

of the office of stipendiary magistrate for

Chatham and Sheerness not being filled.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For the purpose of preventing any difficulty or

failure of justice which might otherwise arise in the

event of the office of stipendiary magistrate for Chatham

and Sheerness becoming vacant, the provisions set out

in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect as from the

day on which the Secretary of State by order declares

that the said office will become vacant.

2.—(1) If it appears to the Secretary of State that

the provisions contained in the Schedule to this Act are

in any way insufficient or defective, he may by order

amend the Schedule by making such further or better

provision as appears to him necessary.

(2) An order made under this section—

(a) may be varied, amended or revoked by

a subsequent order:

(b) shall be laid before Parliament as soon as

may be after it is made:

(c) shall come into operation on the date

specified therein in that behalf, but

shall cease to have effect on the expiration of a period of three months from

the date on which it came into operation, unless before the expiration of that

period it has been approved by resolution

passed by each House of Parliament:

Provided that, in reckoning any such

period of three months as aforesaid, no

3 B

Provisions

for preventing

difficulties. ■

Amendment

of provisions.

754 Ch. 30. Chatham and Sheerness 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1929.

account shall be taken of any time

during which Parliament is dissolved or

prorogued or during which both Houses

are adjourned for more than four days.

[Short title.] 3. This Act may be cited as the Chatham and

Sheerness Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1929.

SCHEDULE.

1. A person for whose apprehension a warrant has been

issued by the stipendiary magistrate for Chatham and Sheerness

(in this Schedule referred to as " the stipendiary magistrate ")

may be brought before a court of summary jurisdiction either for

the North Aylesford petty sessional division or the Sittingbourne

petty sessional division.

2. Any further proceedings relating to, connected with or

arising out of any conviction, order or determination of the

stipendiary magistrate may be taken before, and any power to

revoke, vary or revive any order or determination of the

stipendiary magistrate may be exercised by, a court of summary

jurisdiction for the petty sessional division within which the

conviction was pronounced or the order or determination made.

3. All fines, penalties, costs and other sums payable in

pursuance of a conviction or order of the stipendiary magistrate

to the clerk to the stipendiary magistrate shall be paid to the

clerk of the Sittingbourne petty sessional division or the clerk

of the North Aylesford i>etty sessional division, according as the

conviction was pronounced or the order made within the one

division or the other, and all such fines, penalties, costs or sums

shall be applied and accounted for in like manner as if the conviction or order were a conviction or order of a court of summary

jurisdiction for the petty sessional division.

4. —(1) Any register or other document in the custody of the clerk to the stipendiary magistrate by virtue of his office shall

be transferred to the custody of either the clerk of the Sittingbourne petty sessional division or the clerk of the North

Aylesford petty sessional division according as the register or

document relates to a proceeding which was had or to a matter

wdiich was done within the one divison or the other, and shall

be kept and dealt with by the clerk of the petty sessional division

as if the proceeding or matter to which it relates were a proceeding

or matter which was had or done before a court of summary

jurisdiction for the division.

1929.

Chatham and Sheerness Ch. 30, 31.

Stipendiary Magistrate Act, 1929.

755

(2) Every register and document transferred under the

foregoing provision shall be open to inspection by every person

by whom it might have been inspected it it had remained in the

custody of the clerk to the stipendiary magistrate.

(3) Copies and extracts of or from any such document or

register as aforesaid made or certified by the clerk of the petty

sessional division by whom it is to be kept under this provision

shall be of the same effect as if they had been made or certified

by the clerk to the stipendiary magistrate.

5. Where the stipendiary magistrate has ordered that the

payment of any money ordered to be paid periodically shall be

made through an officer of his court, the payment shall, instead

of being so made, be made through the collecting officer of the

court of summary jurisdiction for the petty sessional division in

which the order was made unless that court otherwise directs.

6. Where the stipendiary magistrate has entered on the

consideration of, but has not finally disposed of, any matter

brought before him, the matter may be heard and determined

by a court of summary jurisdiction for the petty sessional

division within which the stipendiary magistrate was sitting

when the matter came before him.

7. Where a person has been committed for trial by the

stipendiary magistrate but not admitted to bail, any justice of the county of Kent shall have the same power of admitting him

to bail as if he had been committed for trial by a justice for that

county.

8. Any enactment enabling a deputy to act during any

vacancy in the office of the stipendiary magistrate shall cease to

have effect.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to enable the Council of the Pharmaceutical

Society of Great Britain to make byelaws providing for the registration, without examination,

of persons registered as pharmaceutical chemists

in Northern Ireland.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

3 B 2

756

Registration

of persons

registered as

pharmaceutical chemists in

Northern

Ireland.

15 & lCViet.

c. CO.

<S Edw. 7.

e. 55.

Short title.

Regulation

of sale of

artificial

cream.

Ch. 31, 32. Pharmacy Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The power of the Council of the Pharmaceutical

Society of Great Britain to make byelaws under section

tw r o of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, as extended by section

four of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908, shall be

deemed to include power to make byelaws providing

for the registration, upon payment of the prescribed fee,

as pharmaceutical chemists or chemists and druggists

under the Pharmacy Acts, 1852 and 1868, without

examination, of persons registered as pharmaceutical

chemists in Northern Ireland who produce evidence

satisfactory to the Council that they are persons of

sufficient skill and knowledge to be so registered.

2. This Act maybe cited as the Pharmacy Act, 1929.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to regulate the sale and manufacture of

artificial cream.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) No person shall sell or offer or expose for

sale for human consumption under a description or

designation including the word "cream " any substance

purporting to be cream or artificial cream as defined in

this Act unless—

(a) the substance is cream as defined in tins Act, or

(h) where the substance is artificial cream as defined

in this Act, the word "cream " is immediately

preceded by the word "artificial."

(2) Every receptacle used for the conveyance of

artificial cream for sale for human consumption, or containing artificial cream at any time when it is exposed

for such sale, shall have the words "artificial cream "

1929.

Artificial Cream

Act, 1929.

Ch. 32.

757

printed in large and legible type either on the receptacle

itself or on a label securely attached thereto.

(3) If any person contravenes any of the provisions

of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

2. — (1) Artificial cream shall not be manufactured,

sold or exposed or kept for sale for human consumption

except at premises registered with the Food and Drugs

Authority:

Provided that this requirement shall not apply—

(a) to the manufacture of artificial cream, by

any person solely for his domestic purposes;

or

Registration

of premises

where

artificial

cream is

manufactured or

sold.

(b) to the manufacture on any premises of artificial

cream for use in the preparation on those

premises of some other article of food; or

(c) to the sale, exposure or keeping for sale of

artificial cream on any premises where it is not

supplied otherwise than in the properly closed

and unopened receptacles in which it was

delivered to those premises.

(2) The Food and Drugs Authority shall keep a

register of premises under this section, and shall on

application being made by the owner or occupier of any

premises enter the premises in the register and shall

from time to time revise the register as occasion may

require.

(3) Any officer of the Food and Drugs Authority

duly authorised in that behalf by the authority may at

all reasonable times enter and inspect any premises

registered with the authority under this section.

(4) If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information

on oath that there is reasonable ground for supposing

that any unregistered premises are being used for the

manufacture of artificial cream contrary to the provisions

of this section, he may grant a search warrant authorising

any such officer as aforesaid to enter and inspect the

premises and to search for and seize any machine suitable for use in the manufacture of artificial cream.

(5) If any person uses any unregistered premises

for the manufacture or sale of artificial cream in contravention of this section, or obstructs any such officer

758

Ch. 32.

Artificial Cream

Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Application

to artificial

cream of

provisions

relating to

cream.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

c. 66.

Enforcement of

Act.

18 & 19

Geo. 5. c. 31.

Penalties.

as aforesaid in the execution of his powers under this

section, or fails to give any such officer all reasonable

assistance in his power, or to furnish him with any information he may reasonably require, he shall be guilty of

an offence against this Act.

3. Such of the provisions of the Public Health

Acts, 1875 to 1926 (or, in London, the Public Health

(London) Acts, 1891 to 1926), and the Milk and Dairies

(Consolidation) Act, 1915, and of any order or regulation

made under any of those Acts, as relate to cream (other

than those relating to registration) shall apply to artificial cream.

4. It shall be the duty of every Food and Drugs

Authority to enforce the provisions of this Act, and any

expenses incurred by the authority for that purpose

shall be defrayed as expenses under the Food and Drugs

(Adulteration) Act, 1928:

Provided that this section shall not apply to such

of the provisions of any Act, order or regulation applied

by this Act as are enforceable by any other authority.

5. -(l) If any person commits an offence against

this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to

a fine not exceeding, in the case of a first offence, five

pounds, in the case of a second or subsequent offence,

fifty pounds, and in any case where the offence is a

continuing offence, to a further fine not exceeding forty

shillings for each day during which the offence continues.

(2) For the purposes of proceedings under this Act—-

(a) where artificial cream is sold or offered, exposed

or kept for sale, it shall be presumed to be sold

or offered, exposed or kept for sale for human

consumption unless the contrary is proved;

(b) where any article having the composition of

cream or artificial cream is sold or exposed or

kept for sale on premises registered under this Act, it shall be presumed to be artificial cream

unless the contrary is proved.

(3) The provisions of subsection (6) of section

twenty-seven and of sections twenty-nine and thirty of the Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 1928, relating

1929.

Artificial Cream

Act, 1929.

Ch. 32.

759

to offences and warranties under that Act, as set out

with the appropriate modifications in the Schedule to

this Act, are hereby incorporated with this Act and shall

apply to proceedings under this Act.

6. In this Act—

" Food and Drugs Authority " has the same

meaning as in the Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 1928;

" Cream" means that portion of natural milk rich

in milk fat which has been separated by

skimming or otherwise;

" Artificial cream" means an article of food

resembling cream and containing no ingredient which is not derived from milk except

water or any ingredient or material which

by virtue of the proviso to subsection (2) of

section two of the Food and Drugs (Adulteration) Act, 1928, may lawfully be contained in

an article sold as cream.

7. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the

following modifications:—

(a) The following section shall be substituted for

section three—

Such of the provisions of the Milk and

Dairies (Scotland) Act, 1914, and of any

order, regulation or byelaw made under that

Act as relate to cream (other than those

relating to registration) shall apply to artificial cream:

(b) The expression "defendant " shall mean " respondent, " and the expression "information "

shall mean " complaint."

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Artificial

Cream Act, 1929.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Definitions.

Application

to Scotland.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 46.

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

760

Ch. 32.

Artificial Cream 19 & 20 Geo. 5

Act, 1929.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Food and Drugs (Adulteration)

Act, 1928, applied.

1. Where an employer is charged with an offence against

this Act, he shall be entitled, upon information duly laid by him,

to have any other person whom he charges as the actual offender

brought before the court at the time appointed for hearing the

charge, and if, after the commission of the offence has been

proved, the employer proves to the satisfaction of the court that

he had used due diligence to enforce the execution of this Act,

and that the said other person had committed the offence in

question without his knowledge, consent or connivance, the said

other person shall be summarily convicted of the offence, and

the employer shall be exempt from any penalty.

2. Subject to the provisions of this schedule a defendant

shall be discharged from any prosecution under this Act for

selling, or offering or exposing for sale artificial cream, if he

proves to the satisfaction of the court that he had purchased

the article in question as cream, and with a written warranty or

invoice to that effect, and that he had no reason to believe at

the time of the commission of the alleged offence that the article

was not cream and that at that time the article was in the same

state as when he purchased it.

3. A warranty or invoice shall only be a defence to proceedings under this Act if—

(a) the defendant has within seven days of the service of the

summons sent to the prosecutor a copy of the warranty

or invoice w T ith a written notice stating that he intends

to rely on it and specifying the name and address of the

person from whom he received it and has also sent a like

notice of his intention to that person; and

(b) in the case of a warranty or invoice given by a person

resident outside the United Kingdom the defendant

proves that he had taken reasonable steps to ascertain,

and did in fact believe in the accuracy of the statement

contained therein.

4. The person by whom the warranty or invoice is alleged

to have been given shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and

to give evidence, and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the

hearing to enable him to do so.

1929.

Artificial Cream

Act, 1929.

Ch. 32, 33.

5. Where the defendant is a servant of the person who

purchased the article under a warranty or invoice he shall be

entitled to rely on the provisions of this schedule in the same

way as his employer would have been entitled to do if he had

been the defendant, provided that the servant further proves

that he had no reason to believe that the article was not cream.

6. Every person who wilfully applies to an article in any

proceedings under this Act a warranty or invoice given in

relation to any other article, shall be guilty of an offence against

this Act.

7. Every person who, in respect of artificial cream sold

by him as principal or agent, gives to the purchaser a false

warranty in writing, shall be guilty of an offence against this Act, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that when

he gave the warranty he had reason to believe that the statements

or descriptions contained therein were true.

8. Where the defendant in a prosecution under this Act has

been discharged under the provisions of this schedule relating

to warranties, any proceedings under this schedule for giving

the warranty relied on by the defendant in the prosecution, may

be taken as well before a court having jurisdiction in the place

where the contravention of this Act took place as before a court

having jurisdiction in the place where the warranty was given.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to enable highway authorities and the owners

of bridges carrying public carriage roads to make

agreements with respect to the maintenance,

improvement, reconstruction and transfer of such

bridges, and of the approaches thereto and the

roads carried thereby; to empower the Minister

of Transport, in the absence of any such agreement, to make orders with respect to the matters

aforesaid and for purposes incidental to the

making of such agreements and orders.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

{Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

702

Application

of Act.

Powers of

highway

authorities

and bridge

owners to

enter into

agreements

Ch. 33. Bridges Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The bridges to which this Act applies are

bridges or viaducts by which a public carriage road is

carried over any railway, canal, river, creek, watercourse, marsh or other place where water flows or is

collected, or any ravine or other depression, not being

bridges or viaducts for the maintenance and repair of

which a highway authority is responsible.

(2) The powers conferred by this Act on a highway

authority shall be exercisable—

(a) in the case of a bridge in a county borough, by

the council of the borough;

(b) in the case of a bridge in the City of London,

by the common council of the City;

(c) in the case of a bridge in an urban district, if

the road at each end of the bridge is vested in

the county council, and in the case of a bridge

in a rural district, by the council of the county

in which the bridge is situate;

(d) in the case of any other bridge, either by the

council of the county in which the bridge is

situate, or by the council of the metropolitan

borough or urban district in which the bridge

is situate, or by such councils jointly.

Where a bridge is situate partly in one area and

partly in another, any council may exercise the powers of

a highway authority in relation to the bridge if the council

could have exercised those powers in relation thereto

had the bridge been situate wholly within the area for

which the council acts.

For the purposes of this subsection, " bridge " includes the road carried thereby and the approaches

thereto.

2. —(1) A highway authority may agree with the

owner of a bridge—

(a) for the payment by the highway authority of

contributions towards the cost of the maintenance, improvement, or reconstruction of the

bridge, or the road carried thereby, or the

approaches thereto;

(b) for the transfer to the highway authority, on

such terms as may be agreed, of the responsibility

1929.

Bridges Act, 1929.

Ch. 33.

763

for the maintenance and improvement of the

road carried by the bridge or the approaches

thereto;

(c) for the transfer to the highway authority, on

such terms as may be agreed, of the property in

the bridge and the road carried thereby and

the approaches thereto, and of all or any rights

and obligations attaching to such bridge, road

or approaches;

and it shall be lawful for the owner of the bridge,

notwithstanding that the bridge was constructed under

statutory powers, to enter into and carry into effect any

such agreement.

(2) Where any such agreement provides for the

transfer to the highway authority of any rights or

obligations attaching to a bridge, then, as from the date

of the transfer, it shall be lawful for the highway

authority to exercise the rights, and they shall, to the

exclusion of the owner, be subject to the obligations,

so transferred.

3. — (1) If the owner of a bridge, or a highway

authority, considers that the bridge is or may be, by

reason of its construction, position, or state of repair,

dangerous or unsuitable for the requirements of road

traffic as then existing or the anticipated development

thereof, or that the responsibility for the maintenance

and improvement of the road carried by the bridge or

the approaches thereto should for any reason be

transferred from the owner to a highway authority,

the owner or authority may apply to the Minister for

an order to provide for the reconstruction or improvement or maintenance of the bridge or road carried

thereby or the approaches thereto.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Minister

on any such application, after consultation with the

owner of the bridge and every highway authority

entitled to exercise with respect thereto the powers

conferred by this Act and after holding an inquiry, if

either the owner or any such highway authority requests

him in writing to hold an inquiry, may make an order,

and may by the order—

(a) require the execution of such works of reconstruction or improvement either by the owner

Power to

make orders

as to reconstruction,

maintenance, &c.

of bridges.

764

Ch. 33.

Bridges Act, 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

or by a highway authority as may he specified

in the order;

(b) determine and direct by whom the bridge and

the road carried thereby and the approaches

thereto shall be maintained;

(c) in the case of a swing bridge, determine and

direct by whom and in what manner it shall be

operated, so, however, that in the case of a

swing bridge crossing a canal, he shall not

direct that the bridge shall be operated otherwise than by the owner of the canal unless

he is satisfied, after considering any representations made to him by the owner, that

the facilities for traffic on the canal will not be

prejudiced thereby;

(d) provide for the transfer to and vesting in a

highway authority of the property in the bridge

or the road carried thereby or the approaches

thereto and of all or any rights and obligations

attaching thereto;

(e) modify, so far as he considers necessary to give

effect to the order, any statutory provisions

applicable to a bridge other than the provisions

of any general Act; so, however, that, in the

case of a bridge crossing a railway or a canal,

he shall not, without the consent of the owner

of the railway or canal, modify any provisions

relating to the headway of that bridge or the

width of the canal and, in the case of a swing

bridge, he shall not modify any provisions

relating to precedence of traffic;

(f) make such incidental, consequential, and supplemental provisions as may appear necessary

or proper for the purposes of the order, including such provisions authorising the acquisition

of land or casements or the construction of

works as could have been made under paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section three of the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919, for the

purposes specified in that paragraph.

(3) Before making any order under this section with

respect to a bridge crossing tidal lands, the Minister shall

consult with the Board of Trade, and any order made

1920.

Bridges Act, 1929.

Cri. 33.

705

by him with respect to such bridge shall include such

provisions as the Board of Trade may deem necessary.

(4) Before making an order under this section for

the reconstruction or improvement of a bridge, the Minister shall take into consideration the desirability of

special facilities or accommodation being provided for

carrying across the bridge the mains, pipes, cables or

wires of public utility undertakings:

Provided that, in any case where the provision of

facilities or accommodation greater than those available

in the bridge before reconstruction or improvement would

increase the cost of the reconstruction or improvement,

he shall have regard to the amount of any contribution

towards such cost which any public utility undertaking

may be willing to make.

(5) No order shall be made under this section

with respect to any bridge to which any right to take

tolls attaches.

(6) The Minister may postpone the date of the

operation of an order made under this section in any

case where it appears to him that, owing to the number

or nature of the orders and applications affecting the

same highway authority or bridges belonging to the same

owner, the making of an order which would be

immediately operative would work hardship to the

authority or to the owner.

(7) An order made under this section shall be final

and have effect as if enacted in this Act.

4.—(1) An order made under this Act with respect

to a bridge owned by a railway company which carries

a road over a railway of the company, or carries both a

road and a railway of the company, or with respect to

a bridge owned by a dock authority, shall not, without

the consent of the owners of the bridge, either require

works for the reconstruction or improvement of the

structure of the bridge to be carried out otherwise

than by the owners, or direct the structure of the

bridge to be maintained otherwise than by the owners,

or transfer the property in the structure of the bridge

to a highway authority, or, in the case of a swing

bridge, direct the bridge to be operated otherwise than

by the owners.

(2) In the case of a bridge owned by a railway company or a canal company and crossing a railway or

Provisions

as to bridges

of railway

and canal

companies

and dock

authorities.

706 Ch. 33. Bridges Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

canal of the company, or owned by a dock authority

and crossing any railway, lock, passage or other work of the dock authority, nothing in any order made under

this Act shall, without the consent of the owners of the bridge, require the bridge to be altered or reconstructed in such a manner as to necessitate any alteration

in the level, or reduction in the width, of that railway,

canal, lock, passage or work, or to reduce the headway

of the bridge as existing at the date of the order.

(3) An order made under this Act requiring the

reconstruction of a bridge crossing a canal, or of the

approaches to such a bridge, shall, unless the owner of the bridge agrees to the contrary, direct the structure

of the bridge and the road carried thereby and the

approaches thereto to be maintained by a highway

authority.

(4) Nothing in this Act or in any order made thereunder shall be construed as authorising the stoppage of

traffic on any canal without the consent of the owner

thereof, and any highway authority carrying out any

works authorised by this Act, or by any order made

thereunder, with respect to a bridge crossing a canal

shall take such steps as may be necessary to prevent, so

far as practicable, any interference with traffic on that

canal:

Provided that the consent of the owner of a canal

to the temporary stoppage of traffic thereon shall not be

unreasonably withheld, and any question whether such

consent has been unreasonably withheld shall be determined by the Minister.

5. Where an order made under this Act provides for

the transfer to or vesting in a highway authority of the

property in a bridge or the road carried thereby or the

approaches thereto, or the responsibility for the maintenance of, or any rights and obligations attaching to,

such bridge, road or approaches, any statutory provisions

in force in relation thereto for the protection or benefit

of any public utility undertaking, shall, except so far as

may be otherwise expressly provided by the order after

agreement between the parties concerned, remain in

force notwithstanding such transfer and vesting, and in

relation to any property, responsibilities, rights or

obligations so transfeiTed as aforesaid, those statutory

provisions shall apply to the highway authority and to

Provisions

as to public

utility

undertakings.

1929.

Bridges Act, 1929.

Ch. 33.

767

the exercise by them of any powers under or in pursuance

of the order in like manner as they applied to, and to the

exercise of powers by, the owner of the bridge, road or

approaches previously to the transfer.

6.—(1) Where an order has been made under this Act requiring the reconstruction or improvement of a

bridge or the road carried thereby or the approaches

thereto, or relating to the maintenance of any such bridge,

road or approaches, or to the operation of a swing bridge,

the expenses of such reconstruction, improvement, maintenance or operation shall be paid either wholly by the

owner of the bridge, or wholly by one or more of the

highway authorities entitled to exercise with respect to

the bridge the powers conferred by this Act, or partly by

the owner of the bridge and partly by one or more

of the highway authorities, as in default of agreement

may be determined by arbitration:

Provided that, unless otherwise agreed—

(a) where the bridge is a bridge crossing a railway

or canal of a railway company or of a canal

company, or a railway, lock, passage, or other

work of a dock authority, any additional

expense incurred by the owners of that

railway, canal, lock, passage or work by

reason of any alteration thereof due to the

provisions of the order, not being provisions

applied for by the owners for the improvement of their undertaking, shall be defrayed

by one or more of the highway authorities;

(b) where the bridge is a swing bridge, any

additional expense incurred by the owner in

relation to the operation of the bridge due to

the provisions of the order, not being provisions applied for by the owner for the improvement of his undertaking, shall be defrayed by

one or more of the highway authorities;

(c) except so far as any additional expense is due

to works executed at the instance of the

owner of the bridge for the improvement of

his undertaking, the owner’s share of the

expense of the reconstruction, improvement,

maintenance or operation shall be an amount

equivalent to what would have been the

amount of the owmer’s liability if no such

order had been made.

Apportionment of

costs.

768

Ch. 33.

Bridges Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Arbitration,

&c.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 49.

(2) Where the reconstruction or improvement of a

bridge crossing a railway or canal of a railway company

or of a canal company, or a railway, lock, passage or

other work of a dock authority, effected in pursuance of

an order made under this Act upon the application of a

highway authority has caused the width between the

parapets of the bridge, or the width of the approaches

thereto, to be increased, any additional expense thereafter incurred in consequence of such increase by the

owners of that railway, canal, lock, passage or work in

connection with the widening or alteration thereof

under the bridge or the approaches thereto shall

be defrayed by one or more of the highway authorities; and any question whether any such additional

expense has been so incurred or as to the amount

thereof shall, in default of agreement, be determined by

arbitration.

(3) Where it is determined by agreement or an

award that the whole or part of the expenses of reconstruction, improvement, maintenance or operation is to

be borne by two or more highway authorities, the amount

shall be apportioned between them in such maimer as,

failing agreement, may be determined by arbitration.

7.—(1) Where any question is by this Act, or by any

order made thereunder, to be referred to arbitration, the

Arbitration Act, 1889, shall apply subject to the following

modifications, that is to say :—

(a) the reference shall, unless otherwise agreed, be to

a single arbitrator appointed by the President

of the Institution of Civil Engineers;

(b) the arbitrator shall, if so required by any of the

parties, state his award, as to the whole or any

part thereof, in the form of a special case for the

opinion of the High Court.

(2) Where by virtue of an agreement or award under

this Act the owner of a bridge is required to contribute to

the expenses of a highway authority, the contribution

shall, at the option of the owner of the bridge, be either—

(a) a lump sum; or

(b) an annual payment of such amount and continuing for such number of years as, in default

of agreement, may be determined by arbitration;

or

1929.

Bridges Act, 1929.

Ch. 33.

769

(c) an annual payment continuing indefinitely of

such amount as, in default of agreement, may

be determined by arbitration.

(3) Any such lump sum and so much of any such

annual payment as represents capital shall be applied by

the highway authority for purposes for which capital

money is applicable by them, and any question as to

what part of any such annual payment represents capital

shall be determined by the Minister of Health.

8. —(1) Any expenses incurred by a council under Expenses

this Act shall be defrayed by the council as part of their and bor-

expenses as highway authority. rowing.

(2) The payment of expenses by a council under this Act shall be a purpose for which the council may borrow

as a highway authority under the enactments applicable

to the council as a highway authority.

9 . — (1)The Minister may hold inquiries for the Inquiries,

purposes of this Act as if those purposes were purposes

of the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919, and section

twenty of that Act shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Where any mquiry is held under this Act, the Minister may make such order as to the payment of the

costs incurred by him in connection with the inquiry

as he may think just.

10 . — (1)The Minister may make rules in relation Power to

to matters preliminary to the making of orders under make rules

this Act (including as respects orders which may of proce-

authorise the acquisition of land or easements, the dure '

breaking up of roads, or the construction of works,

the publication of notices and advertisements, and the

deposit of plans and sections and books of reference to

those plans), and the manner in which and the time

within which representations or objections are to be

made, and to the holding of inquiries.

(2) Any rules so made shall be laid before Parliament

as soon as they are made and shall have effect as if

enacted in this Act:

Provided that, if an Address is presented to His

Majesty by either House of Parliament within twenty-one

days on which that House has sat next after any such

770

Ch. 33.

Bridges Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Saving for

Manchester

Ship Canal

Company.

Saving for

Weaver

Navigation

Trustees.

Saving for

Postmaster-

General.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 70.

Definitions.

rules are so laid prajmig that any such rule may be

aimulled, His Majesty may annul the rule, and it shall

thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the

validity of anything done thereunder.

(3) Where it is proposed by an order made under this Act to authorise the acquisition of land or easements, or

the construction of works, the provisions of the Second

Schedule to the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919, shall

apply in relation to the order in like manner as it applies

to orders made under paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of

section three of that Act.

11. This Act shall not apply to any bridge owned

by the Manchester Ship Canal Company and crossing

the Manchester Ship Canal.

12 . An order made under this Act with respect to

a bridge owned by the Weaver Navigation Trustees shall

not, without the consent of the Trustees, either require

any reconstruction or improvement of the bridge to be

carried out otherwise than by the Trustees, or direct

the structure of the bridge to be maintained otherwise

than by the Trustees, or transfer the property in the

structure of the bridge to a highway authority, or, in

the case of a swing bridge, require the bridge to be

operated otherwise than by the Trustees.

13 . For the purposes of section seven of the

Telegraph Act, 1878 (which makes provision as to work

done in pursuance of special Acts of Parliament which

involves alteration in telegraphic lines), any work

authorised or required by an order made under this Act

shall be deemed to be work done in the execution of an

undertaking authorised by an Act of Parliament, and the

owner of a bridge or highway authority carrying out the

w ork shall be deemed to be the undertakers.

14 . In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, —

" Minister" means the Minister of Transport:

" Highway authority" means the council of any

county, county borough, metropolitan borough

or urban district and the common council of the City of London:

" Bridge " includes the abutments thereof:

" Swing bridge " includes any opening bridge

operated by mechanical means:

1929.

Bridges Act, 1929.

Ch. 33.

771

" Approach " in relation to a bridge includes any

road and the works supporting and carrying

such road for the maintenance of which the

owner of the bridge is responsible and which

connect the bridge with a road for the maintenance of which a highway authority is

responsible:

‘‘ Reconstruction " hi relation to a bridge includes

the construction of a new bridge and approaches

thereto in substitution for the existing bridge

and the approaches thereto:

" Canal " includes inland navigation, and the towing-

path of a canal shall be deemed to form part

thereof:

" Tidal lands" means such parts of the bed, shore or

banks of a tidal water as are covered and

uncovered by the flow and ebb of the tide at

ordinary spring tides, and " tidal water " means

any part of the sea or any part of a river,

channel, creek, bay or estuary within the flow

and ebb of the tide at such tides:

" Dock authority" means the owners of any harbour

or dock undertaking established by Act of

Parliament:

" Public utility undertaking" means any company

or authority which carries on a gas, water,

hydraulic power, electricity, tramway, light

railway or trolley vehicle undertaking, and

" trolley vehicle " has the same meaning as in

the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927:17 & 18

T _ Geo. 5. c. 37.

Where a bridge crossing a railway or canal is owned

by a railway company or canal company, and the

railway or canal is leased to another company,

any expression referring to the owner of such

bridge, railway, or canal, shall be construed as

including a reference to the company to which

the railway or canal is leased.

15. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to the Application

following modifications:— Scotland.

(a) Subsection (2) of section one of this Act shall

not apply and the expression "highway

authority " shall mean a county council

772

C'h. 33.

Bridge s Act, 1929. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Short title

and extent.

or a town council charged with the management and maintenance of the highways in

the burgh, and the powers conferred by this Act on a highway authority shall be exercisable

in the case of any bridge by the highway

authority within whose area the bridge is

situated, provided that where any bridge is

situated partly in one area and partly in

another area, the said powders shall be exercisable

by the highway authority of either area or by

the highway authorities of the tw r o areas jointly.

For the purpose of this provision " bridge "

shall include the road carried thereby and the

approaches thereto.

(b) Subsection (1) of section seven of this Act shall

not apply, and where any question is by this Act or by any order thereunder to be referred

to arbitration, the reference shall be to a single

arbiter to be mutually chosen or, failing agreement, appointed by any sheriff having jurisdiction, and the arbiter may, and if so required

by any of the parties shall, state in the form

of a special case for the opinion of the Court of

Session any question of law T arising in the course

of the arbitration.

(c) Any reference to the Minister of Health shall be

construed as a reference to one of His Majesty’s

Principal Secretaries of State, and

(d) The expression "easement " shall mean " servitude."

16 . —(1) This Act may be cited as the Bridges Act,

1929, and the Bridges Acts, 1740 to 1815, and this Act,

may be cited together as the Bridges Acts, 1740 to 1929.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1920.

Infant Life (Preservation)

Act, 1929.

Ch. 34.

773

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to amend the law with regard to the

destruction of children at or before birth.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject as hereinafter in this subsection Punishment

provided, any person who, with intent to destroy for child

the life of a child capable of being born alive, by any destruction,

wilful act causes a child to die before it has an existence

independent of its mother, shall be guilty of felony, to

wit, of child destruction, and shall be liable on conviction

thereof on indictment to penal servitude for life:

Provided that no person shall be found guilty of an

offence under this section unless it is proved that the act

which caused the death of the child was not done in

good faith for the purpose only of preserving the life of the mother.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, evidence that a

woman had at any material time been pregnant for a

period of twenty-eight weeks or more shall be prima

facie proof that she was at that time pregnant of a child

capable of being born alive.

2.—(1) A court of quarter sessions shall not have Prosecution

jurisdiction to inquire of, hear, or determine any indict- of offences,

ment for an offence under this Act, or for an attempt

to commit any such offence.

(2) Where upon the trial of any person for the

murder or manslaughter of any child, or for infanticide,

or for an offence under section fifty-eight of the Olfences 24 & 25 Vict,

against the Person Act, 1801 (which relates to c. 100.

administering drugs or using instruments to procure

abortion), the jury are of opinion that the person

charged is not guilty of murder, manslaughter or

infanticide, or of an offence under the said section

fifty-eight, as the case may be, but that he is shown

774

Ch. 34, 35. Infant Life (Preservation) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

G1 & 62 Vict,

c. 36.

Short title

and extent.

by the evidence to be guilty of the felony of child

destruction, the jury may find him guilty of that felony,

and thereupon the person convicted shall be liable to be

punished as if he had been convicted upon an indictment

for child destruction.

(3) Where upon the trial of any person for the

felony of child destruction the jury are of opinion that

the person charged is not guilty of that felony, but that

he is shown by the evidence to be guilty of an offence

under the said section fifty-eight of the Offences against

the Person Act, 1S61, the jury may find him guilty of

that offence, and thereupon the person convicted shall

be liable to be punished as if he had been convicted

upon an indictment under that section.

(4) Section sixty of the Offences against the Person

Act, 1861 (which provides that a person acquitted of the murder of any child, or of infanticide, may, if shown

by the evidence to be guilty of concealing the birth, be

convicted and punished accordingly), shall apply in the

case of the acquittal of a person on an indictment for

child destruction as it applies to the acquittal of a person

on an indictment for murder or infanticide.

(5) Section four of the Criminal Evidence Act, 1898,

shall have effect as if this Act were included in the

schedule to that Act.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Infant Life

(Preservation) Act, 1929.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or

Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend section eighteen of the Fire

Brigade Pensions Act, 1925.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

775

1929. Fire Brigade Pensions Ch. 35.

Act, 1929.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The following amendments shall be made in Amendment

section eighteen of the Fire Brigade Pensions Act, 1925 of 15 & 16

(which provides for the return of rateable deductions in Geo. 5. c.47,

certain cases) that is to say:B - 18 '

(a) at the end of subsection (1) there shall be

inserted the words "together with any sum

paid by him to the local authority under subsection (2) of section twenty-two of this Act ";

(b) in subsection (2), after the words "rateable

deductions, " in both places where those words

occur, there shall be inserted the words "and

sum ";

(e) after subsection (2) there shall be inserted "the

following subsection ";

" (3) Where a professional fireman while

serving in the fire brigade, dies in such

circumstances that no pension, allowance, or

gratuity is payable under section three of this Act at Ids death, the local authority shall

pay to his widow or if he leaves no widow,

to his personal representatives the whole of the rateable deductions which have been made

from his pay, together with any sum paid by

him to the local authority under subsection (2)

of section twenty-two of this Act.

Provided that, \\ here the deceased leaves

no widow, the local authority may, if in the

circumstances of the case they consider that

it would be unreasonable to recpiire probate

or other proof of the title of his personal

representatives, pay or distribute the amount

payable under this subsection to or among

the persons appearing to the local authority

to be beneficially entitled to the personal

estate of the deceased or to or among any

one or more of those persons as the local

authority may think fit, and the local

authority, and any officer of the local

authority making the payment, shall be

discharged from all liability in respect of

any such payment or distribution."

776

Ch. 35, 36.

Short title

and citation.

15 & 16 Geo.

5. c. 47.

Avoidance

of marriages

where either

party is

under sixteen.

48 & 49

Vict. c. 69.

Consequential amendment of

35 & 36

Vict. c. 65.

Fire Brigade Pensions 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

• Act, 1929,

2. This Act may be cited as the Fire Brigade

Pensions Act, 1929, and shall be construed as one with

the Fire Brigade Pensions Act, 1925, and that Act

and this Act may be cited together as the Fire Brigade

Pensions Acts, 1925 and 1929.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to make void marriages between persons

either of whom is under the age of sixteen.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) A marriage between persons either of whom

is under the age of sixteen shall be void:

Provided that in any proceedings against a person

charged under subsection (1) of section five of the Criminal

Law Amendment Act, 1885, or charged with indecent

assault, it shall be a sufficient defence to prove that at

the time when the offence' is alleged to have been committed he had reasonable cause to believe that the girl in

respect of whom it is alleged to have been committed

was his wife.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect—

(«) any marriage solemnized or contracted before

the passing of this Act, and any such marriage

shall be or become valid in any case where, if

this Act had not been passed, it would be or

become valid, or

(b) in Scotland any right or capacity of legitimation

per subsequens matrimonivm.

2. A single woman who has been delivered of a

child may, upon proof that before the birth she was

a party to what but for the passing of this Act would

have been a valid marriage and that the other

party thereto had access to her within twelve months

1929.

Age of Marriage

Act, 1929.

Ch. 30, 37.

777

before the birth of the child, make at any time an

application under section three of the Bastardy Laws

Amendment Act, 1872, for a summons to b< j served on

that party, notwithstanding that he may not within the

twelve months next after the birth of the child have

paid money for its maintenance.

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Age of Marriage Short title

Act, 1929, and the Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1898, and this and extent.

Act so far as it relates to England may be cited together

as the Marriage Acts, 1811 to 1929, and the Marriage

(Scotland) Act. 1834, the Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1856, 4&5WU1.4.

the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, the Marriage

(Scotland) Act, 1916, and this Act so far as it relates to y ict " (J6

Scotland may be cited together as the Marriage (Scotland) 41 & 42

Acts, 1834 to 1929.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Vict. c. 43.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 7.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to amend the Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Act, 1915, so far as relates to

Metropolitan Police Magistrates.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1.) The Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Amendment

Act, 1915 (in this Act referred to as " the principal of s. 1 of

Act "), shall, in its application to metropolitan police P ci P

magistrates, have effect as if the following paragraph fco

were substituted for paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of scale of

section one thereof:— allowances

" (c) To a magistrate who has served seven years retLement

or upwards, a further addition to the annual 5 & f, Q eo . 5 .

allowance— c. 74.

(i) of one-sixtieth in respect of each

additional year of such service until the

3 D

778

Application

of principal

Act as

amended.

Short title

and repeal.

Ch- 37. Police Magistrates 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Superannuation (Amendment) Act, 1929.

completion of the tenth year of such service;

and

(ii) of two-sixtieths in respect of each

additional year of such service after the

completion of the said tenth year of

service until the completion of the twentieth

year of service:

Provided that no addition shall be made

to the allowance in respect of any service

beyond twenty years."

(2) Subsection (3) of section one of the principal

Act (which provides that no superannuation allowance

under the said Act is to be granted to a person under

sixty years of age except on a medical certificate) and

subsection (5) of the said section (which makes a person

to whom a superannuation allowance has been granted

under the principal Act before he has attained the age

of sixty years liable until he has attained that age to be

called upon to fill any public office or situation under

the Crown) shall, in their application to metropolitan

police magistrates appointed on or after the first day of

January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, have effect

as if the words "sixty-five years of age " and the words

" age of sixty-five years " were therein substituted

respectively for the words "sixty years of age " and

the words "age of sixty years."

2, The principal Act, as amended by this Act, shall

apply to all metropolitan police magistrates whether

appointed before or after the passing of this Act, and

in the case of magistrates appointed before the passing

of the principal Act, whether the principal Act did or did

not apply to them:

Provided that any magistrate appointed before the

passing of this Act may, at any time within two' months

after the passing of this Act, give notice in writing to the

Treasury that he desires to remain subject to such

enactments relating to superannuation allowances as

applied in his case immediately before the passing of this Act, and this Act shall not apply to any person by

whom notice is so given.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Police Magistrates Superannuation (Amendment) Act, 1929, and the

1929.

Police Magistrates Ch. 37, 38.

Supera?muation (Amendment) Act, 1929.

779

principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the

Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Acts, 1915 and 1929.

(2) The words " metropolitan police magistrates or "

in subsection (7) of section one of the principal Act are

hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to declare the law with respect to the

issue of process by justices for compelling the

attendance of witnesses in bastardy proceedings.

[10th May 1929.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. It is hereby declared that the repeal by the

Poor Law Act, 1927, of section seventy of the Poor Law

(Amendment) Act, 1844 (which is set out in the Schedule

to this Act), did not operate to repeal the said section

in its application to bastardy proceedings, and that

accordingly the said section, notwithstanding the said

repeal, always continued and continues in operation in

its application to such proceedings.

2. This Act may be cited as the Bastardy (Witness

Process) Act, 1929.

Declaration

of law with

respect to

witness process in

bastardy

proceedings.

17&lSGeo.5.

c. 14.

7 & 8 Vict,

c. 101.

Short title.

3 E

780

Ch. 38, 39. Bastardy (Witness Process) 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Act, 1929.

SCHEDULE.

Section 70 of the Poor Law (Amendment)

Act, 1844.

In any proceedings to be had before justices in petty or

special sessions, or out of sessions, under the provisions of this Act or of any of the Acts required to be construed as one Act

herewith, if any party to such proceedings request that any

person be summoned to appear as a witness in such proceedings,

it shall be lawful for any justice to summon such person to

appear and give evidence upon the matter of such proceedings;

and if any person so summoned neglect or refuse to appear to

give evidence at the time and place appointed in such summons,

and if proof upon oath be given of personal service of the summons

upon such person, and that the reasonable expenses of attendance were paid or tendered to such person, it shall be lawful

for such justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to require

such person to be brought before him, or any justices before

whom such proceedings are to be had; and if any person coming

or brought before any such justices in any such proceedings

refuse to give evidence thereon, it shall be lawful for such justices

to commit such person to any house of correction within their

jurisdiction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any

time not exceeding fourteen days, or until such person shall

sooner submit himself to be examined, and in case of such

submission the order of any such justice shall be a sufficient

warrant for the discharge of such person.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to amend section thirty-two of the Salmon

and Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1923.

[10th May 1929.]

1) E it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

I)by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

1929. Salmon and Freshwater Ch. 39. 781

Fisheries (Amendment) Act, 1929.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Section thirty-two of the Salmon and Freshwater Amendment

Fisheries Act, 1923 (which prohibits the sale of trout at of s. 32 of

certain times), shall be amended by the insertion therein 13 & 14

after subsection (1) thereof of the following subsections— Geo.S. c. 16 -

" (1a) This section shall not apply to any person

buying, selling or exposing for sale, or having

in his possession for sale—

(a) any trout which has been canned,

frozen, cured, salted, pickled, dried or otherwise preserved beyond the limits of Great

Britain and Ireland; or

(b) any trout which has been canned,

frozen, cured, salted, pickled, dried or otherwise preserved within Great Britain or Ireland

between the first day of March and the

thirty-first day of August in any year; or

(c) any trout (not being an unclean trout)

caught beyond the limits of Great Britain

and Ireland; or

(d) any trout (not being an unclean or

immature trout) caught within Great Britain

or Ireland, if its capture by any net, instrument or device other than a rod and line was

lawful at the time and in the place where

it was caught.

" (1b) The burden of proving that any trout bought,

sold, exposed for sale, or in the possession of

any person for sale between the thirty-first day

of August and the first day of March following

is not bought, sold, exposed for sale, or in the

possession of that person for sale in contravention of this section, shall lie on the person

buying, selling or exposing for sale, or having

in his possession for sale, such trout."

2. This Act may be cited as the Salmon and Short title.

Freshwater Fisheries (Amendment) Act, 1929.

TABLE IT

A TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE MEASURES ’PASSED BY

THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE RQYAL ASSENT DURING THE

SESSION.

[19 & 20 George 5.]

19 & 20 George 5.

Royal Assent, 10th May, 1929.

No. 1. A Measure to provide for the better care of Parochial

Registers and other Records in Ecclesiastical custody, and

the establishment of Diocesan Record Offices. (Parochial

Registers and Records).

No. 2. A Measure to amend the Rules for the Representation

of the Laity contained in the Schedule to the Constitution.

{Representation of the Laity.)

No. 3. A Measure to amend the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations

Measure, 1923. (Ecclesiastical Dilapidations (Amendment).)

No. 4. A Measure to make further provision as to the apportionment of the income of the Dean and Chapter of

Westminster. {Westminster Abbey.)

MEASURES

PASSED BY THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OP THE

CHURCH OP ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

YEAR 1929.

19 & 20 Geo. o.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To provide for the better care of Parochial

Registers and other Records in Ecclesiastical

custody, and the establishment of Diocesan

Record Offices.

[10th May 1929.]

1.—(1) The bishop of every diocese shall have Care of

power— parochial

(i) to direct that register books of baptisms, mar- registLrs -

riages and burials in the power and custody of

any minister of the diocese shall be kept in a

chest or safe, which in respect of—

(a) the material of which it is constructed,

(b) its holding capacity, and

(c) the security it affords against damage

by fire, damp, or otherwise, and against any

wrongful interference with the register books,

shall conform with the requirements of the

bishop;

(ii) to direct that any chest or safe in which such

register books are kept shall from time to time,

as occasion may require, be repainted or repaired;

3 E 2

IV

No. 1.

Parochial Registers 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and Records Measure, 1929.

Diocesan

record

office.

Deposit of

parochial

registers and

parochial

records in

diocesan

lecord

office.

(iii) to direct that any such register books shall from

time to time, as occasion may require, be rebound or repaired; and

(iv) from time to time to issue such general directions as to the safe keeping and care of such

register books as he may think expedient;

and any directions given by a bishop under this section

shall be binding on all persons concerned, either as owners

or as custodians of such register books.

(2) Section five of the Parochial Registers Act, 1812,

shall have effect subject to the provisions of this Measure,

and the expense of complying with any directions given

under this section shall be met by the parochial church

council concerned out of any monies in the hands of such

council either specially collected for the purpose or otherwise available.

2. —(1) The bishop of every diocese shall have power

to establish a diocesan record office either at the same

place as that at which the diocesan registry is situate or

at some other place selected by him, and shall also have

power to make such regulations and to appoint such

officers as shall be necessary for the conduct of the business of such diocesan record office.

(2) The bishop shall, in selecting the place where a

diocesan record office is to be established under this

section, have regard to the question whether it affords

adequate security against damage by fire, damp, or

otherwise.

(3) Any register books of baptisms, marriages and

burials deposited in a diocesan record office pursuant to

the provisions of this Measure shall be kept by and remain

in the power and custody of the chief officer of such

office.

3. After a diocesan record office has been established

hi any diocese, any minister in such diocese may, subject

to the provisions of this Measure, with the consent of the

bishop and the parochial church council, deposit hi such

diocesan record office—

(i) any register books of baptisms, marriages or

burials which are hi his power and custody, not

being books in actual use for the purpose of

making entries therein; or

1929.

Parochial Registers

and Records Measure, 1929.

No. 1.

v

(ii) any deeds or documents of value as historical

records or as evidence of legal rights which are

in his custody or in that of the churchwardens or

of the parochial church council, or in the joint

custody of any of them.

4.—(1) After a diocesan record office has been

established in any diocese, the bishop shall have power

from time to time to cause the register books of baptisms,

marriages and burials in the power and custody of any

minister in such diocese to be inspected and reported on

by some person authorised by him.

(2) If it shall appear to the bishop from a report

made to him under this section that any register books of

baptisms, marriages and burials in the power and custody

of any minister in his diocese are exposed to danger of

loss or damage or that any directions given by him in

respect thereof under the powers conferred on him by

this Measure have not been complied with, the bishop

shall send a copy of such report to such minister, and

shall consider any representations made to him by such

minister within a period of fourteen days from the sending

of such report.

(3) After the expiration of the aforesaid period the

bishop shall, subject to the provisions of this Measure,

have power to order that the register books of baptisms,

marriages and burials in the power and custody of such

minister, not being books in actual use for the purpose

of making entries therein, or such of them as the bishop

shall specify, shall be deposited in the diocesan record

office—

(i) within seven days from the date of the order, if

he shall be of opinion that the matter is urgent

and that circumstances so require; or

(ii) within a period to be specified in the order,

unless within that period he shall have been

satisfied that adequate steps have been taken to

remove the danger or to comply with the

directions as the case may be.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

apply with the necessary modifications to deeds and

documents of value as historical records or as evidence

of legal rights whether in the custody of a minister or in

Orders for

deposit of

parochial

registers and

parochial

records may

he made in

certain

cases.

n

No. 1.

Certain

registers and

documents

not to be

deposited in

diocesan

record

offices.

Return of

parochial

registers

and

parochial

records.

Parochial Registers 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and Records Measure, 1929.

that of churchwardens or of a parochial church council,

or in the joint custody of any of them.

5. Nothing contained in this Measure shall authorise

the deposit in a diocesan record office of—

(i) any duplicate register book of marriages which,

when filled, is under the provisions of section

thirty-three of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, to be delivered to a superintendent registrar;

(ii) any manorial document as defined in the Second

Schedule to the Law of Property (Amendment)

Act, 1924; or

(iii) any document deposited in a parish under the

Tithe Acts, 1836 to 1925, or under any local or

personal Act by virtue of which any com rents,

rentcharges, or money payments, are payable

in lieu of tithes.

6. —(1) A bishop shall have power to order that any

register books of baptisms, marriages or burials, or any

deeds and documents, which have been deposited in the

diocesan record office of his diocese, shall be returned to

and placed in the power and custody of the minister or

other persons who would have been entitled to the power

and custody thereof if the same had not been deposited

in a diocesan record office.

(2) In any case where—

(i) an application is made to a bishop for the

return of any register books or of any deeds

or documents under the provisions of this

section by such minister or other persons as

aforesaid, and

(ii) the bishop is satisfied that any directions

which he may give with regard to such

register books or to such deeds and documents

will, upon and after their return, be duly

complied with,

the bishop shall exercise in respect of such register books

or of such deeds and documents the power conferred on

him by this section.

(3) The powers conferred by this Measure shall

continue to be exerciseable in respect of register books,

1929.

Parochial Registers

and Records Measure, 1929.

No. 1.

vii

and of deeds and documents, returned under the provisions of this section.

7. Any register books, deeds or documents deposited Transfers

in the diocesan record office of a diocese, which by reason between

of the foundation of a new diocese or of any alteration <ll0ces, ai1

in the area of any diocese does not include the area to offices,

which such register books, deeds or documents belong.

shall be transferred to the diocesan record office of the

diocese which includes such area, or if a diocesan record

office has not been established in such diocese, and

pending its establishment, to the custody of the diocesan

registrar.

8. Every chief officer of a diocesan record office and Special pro-

every diocesan registrar who under this Measure has in visions as to

his custody any register books of marriages solemnised marriage

after the passing of the Births and Deaths Registration registers -

Act, 1836, shall—

(i) furnish the Registrar-General with particulars of

such register books; and

(ii) in any case where any of such register books is

required for the purpose of correcting any

erroneous entry therein under the provisions of the said Act or any amendment thereof, deliver

the same to the minister concerned and permit

him to retain the same for such period as shall

be requisite for the said purpose.

9. The bishop shall have power upon the application Arrange-

of any person or body of persons desiring, at his or their ments for

own cost, to print or otherwise reproduce the whole or printing

any part of any register book of baptisms, marriages or P ar °chial

burials in the power and custody of any minister in his p^ochiaf 11

diocese, or any deed or document which admits of being records,

deposited in a diocesan record office under the foregoing

provisions of this Measure, to authorise the temporary

deposit of such register book, deed or document in the

diocesan record office, or pending the establishment of

such office with the diocesan registrar, so as to be available for printing or other reproduction upon such terms

as to the costs and expenses incurred being borne by the

person or body of persons making the application as the

bishop may think proper.

No. 1.

viii

Orders may

be enforced

by application to the

county

court.

Searches

of and

certificates

of entries in

deposited

parochial

registers.

Parochial Registers 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and Records Measure, 1929.

10 . — (1)If a minister or any other person neglects

or refuses to comply with any order made by a bishop

under this Measure for the deposit of any register books

or of any deeds or documents in the diocesan record office,

the bishop may apply to the county court of the district

in which such register books or such deeds or documents

are situate for an order for the delivery thereof, and the

court, if satisfied that the procedure prescribed by this

Measure in relation thereto has been duly followed, may

make an order accordingly.

(2) In any case where any register books of baptisms,

marriages or burials which were originally in the power

and custody of any minister or of any minister and

churchwardens in the diocese of any bishop are in the

possession of any other person, whether within the

diocese or elsewhere, the bishop may apply to the county

court of the district where such register books are situate,

and the court, if satisfied that the person in whose possession they are has no title to or right to the possession of

them, may make an order for the delivery of such register

books to the bishop for deposit in the diocesan record

office or with the diocesan registrar, or for return to the

minister as the bishop shall think fit.

(3) For removing doubts it is hereby declared that

subject to the provisions of this Measure the title to or

right to the possession of register books of baptisms,

marriages or burials in the lawful power and custody of

a minister or of a minister and churchwardens is incapable of assignment whether for value or otherwise.

11. — (1) The existing law relating to searches of

register books of baptisms, marriages and burials, certified copies of or extracts from the entries therein and fees

payable for searches and certificates respectively shall

continue to apply to any register books of baptisms,

marriages and burials deposited under this Measure in a

diocesan record office or with a diocesan registrar, and

so that all rights and duties conferred or imposed on

ministers by such existing law shall in respect of the

register books so deposited be transferred to and performed by the chief officer of such office or the diocesan

registrar as the case may be.

(2) The said fees shall—

(i) in the case of register books deposited in a

diocesan record office, be paid to the chief

1929. Parochial Registers No. 1. ix

and Records Measure, 1929.

officer of such office and applied by him in

such maimer as shall be laid down by any

regulations made by the bishop under this

Measure for the conduct of the business of

such office; and

(ii) in the case of register books deposited with a

diocesan registrar, be paid to such registrar.

(3) Provided that—

(i) in any case where any register books have

been deposited in a diocesan record office or

with a diocesan registrar by a minister or

upon the application of a person or body

desiring to print or otherwise reproduce the

same, one-half of the said fees shall be

accounted for and paid to the minister who

would have received the said fees if such

register books had not been deposited; and

(ii) subject to the rights of any minister under the

foregoing provisions of this section, the said

regulations may provide that any register

books deposited in a diocesan record office

may be searched for purposes of historical research without payment of any fee.

12. The bishop of a diocese shall have power, where Power to

circumstances so require, to establish more than one establish

diocesan record office under this Measure, and to decide

any question which may arise as to the office in which recor(j

any register books or any deeds and documents shall be offices,

deposited under this Measure, and any other question

which may arise by reason of more than one office having

been established.

13. In this Measure, Interpre-

the expression "minister" means every rector, tation -

vicar, curate or other officiating minister

having any register books of baptisms, marriages or burials in his power and custody,

but does not include a chaplain appointed by

a body maintaining a cemetery under statutory powers;

the expression "parish " includes any area for

which a Parochial Church Council is elected.

X

No. 1, 2.

Short title.

Extent.

Substitution of new

rules for the

representation of the

laity.

Repeal.

Interpretation of 9 &

10 Geo. 5,

c. 76, and

11 & 12

Geo. 5,

No. 1.

Parochial Registers 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

and Records Measure, 1929.

14. This Measure may be cited as the Parochial

Registers and Records Measure, 1929.

15. This Measure shall extend to the whole of the

Provinces of Canterbury and York except the Channel

Islands and the Isle of Man.

No. 2.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To amend the Rules for the Representation of the Laity contained in the Schedule to the

Constitution.

[10th May 1929.]

1. —(1) From and after the passing of this Measure

the Rules for the Representation of the Laity contained

in the Schedule to the Constitution, as amended by the

Representation of the Laity (Amendment) Measure,

1922, shall cease to have effect, and the Rules for the

Representation of the Laity contained in the Schedule

to this Measure shall be substituted therefor.

(2) Provided that nothing contained in this Measure

shall affect anything duly done or suffered or any right

or obligation acquired or incurred under the said first

mentioned Rules.

2. The Representation of the Laity (Amendment)

Measure, 1922, is hereby repealed.

3. —(1) In the Church of England Assembly (Powers)

Act, 1919, and the Parochial Church Councils (Powers)

Measure, 1921, the expression "the Constitution " shall

include the Constitution as varied by this Measure.

(2) In section eight of the Parochial Church Councils

(Powers) Measure, 1921, the words "Subject and in

" addition to the provisions of section III, paragraph 4, of

"the Schedule to the Constitution " are hereby repealed.

4. This Measure may be cited as the " Representation of the Laity Measure, 1929."

Short title

1929.

Representation of the Laity

Measure, 1929.

No. 2.

SCHEDULE.

Rules fob the Representation of the Laity.

Preliminary.

Interpretation.

1. In these rules—

" Parish" means an ecclesiastical parish or district,

whether old or new, the minister of which has a

separate cure of souls therein, and includes any district

within a parish which is constituted a " conventional

district " for the cure of souls and has a separate

curate licensed thereto;

" Minister" means the incumbent, perpetual curate, or

curate in charge of a parish;

" Ruri-decanal conference" means an assembly of clergy

and laity containing lay representatives elected in

accordance with these rules, and meeting periodically

under the presidency of the rural dean;

Words importing residence import an abode of a permanent and not merely of a casual or temporary

nature.

Lay Representation.

2.—(1) The laity shall meet in parochial church meetings

and be represented in—

(i) Parochial church councils;

(ii) Ruri-decanal conferences where such conferences

exist;

(iii) Diocesan conferences; and

(iv) the House of Laity,

by representatives of either sex (in these rules referred to as

" lay representatives ") who are actual lay communicant members

of the Church of England of twenty-one years of age and

upwards.

(2) No person shall be qualified to be elected as a lay representative in any of the said bodies unless previously to his election

he shall have consented to serve as a lay representative in that

body.

No. 2.

Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

(3) No person shall be disqualified from being elected as a

lay representative—

(i) by the fact that he is not himself qualified to vote at

the election at which he is elected (but this provision

shall not apply to a lay representative in a parochial

church council who must be qualified to vote at

such election); or

(ii) by the fact that he is also a member ex officio or otherwise of the body to which he is elected.

(4) No lay representative shall vacate his seat upon the body

to which he has been elected by reason of the fact that subsequently to his election he has become a member of that body

ex officio.

Church Electoral Roll.

Formation, Revision, and Publication.

3.—(1) There shall be a church electoral roll (in these rules

referred to as " the roll ") in every parish.

(2) The persons entitled to have their names entered upon

the roll of a parish shall be lay members of the Church of England,

of either sex, of eighteen years of age and upwards, who—

(a) are baptized and declare that they are members of the

Church of England and that they do not belong to any

religious body which is not in communion with the

Church of England; and

(b) are resident in the parish, or (whether or not so resident)

have habitually attended public worship in the parish

during a period of six months prior to enrolment; and

(c) have signed the form of application for enrolment set

out in Appendix I to these rules.

(3) No person shall be entitled to be upon the roll of more

than one parish in the same diocese.

(4) The roll shall, until a parochial church council (in these

rules referred to as " the council ") has been constituted in a

parish, be formed and revised by the minister and churchwardens

(if any), and shall, after a council has been constituted, be kept

and revised by the council.

(5) The names of persons who are entitled to have their names

entered upon the roll of a parish shall, subject to the provisions

of these rules, be from time to time added to the roll by or under

the direction of the council.

(6) The names of persons who have ceased to be entitled to

be upon the roll of a parish, or who have signified in writing

their desire that their names shall be removed from the roll,

may, subject to the provisions of these rules, be at any time

removed from the roll by or under the direction of the council.

1929.

Representation of the Laity

Measure, 1929.

No. 2.

(7) The roll of a parish shall be revised annually by or under

the direction of the council, such revision being effected pursuant

to a public notice in the form set out in Appendix II to these

rules (or in a substantially similar form), given not less than

fourteen days before the commencement of the revision. The

revision shall be completed not less than fifteen days or more than

twenty-eight days before the annual parochial church meeting.

(8) Upon every revision all enrolments or removals from the

roll which have been effected since the date of the last revision

(or since the formation of the roll, if there has been no previous

revision) shall be verified, and such further enrolments or removals

from the roll as may be required shall be effected.

(9) After the completion of the revision the roll as revised

(or the roll as originally formed in any case where there has not

been any revision thereof) shall, together with a list of the names

of the persons removed from the roll since the last revision, be

published by being exhibited continuously for not less than

fourteen days before the annual parochial church meeting on

or near to the principal door of the church in such manner as

the council shall appoint, and no name shall be entered upon

or removed from the roll during the period in any year between

the completion of the revision and the annual parochial church

meeting.

(10) Any person desiring to continue upon the roll of a parish

after he has ceased to be resident in that parish, and being

qualified by habitual attendance at public worship, shall make

a fresh application for enrolment in the form set out in Appendix I

to these rules.

(11) Upon the alteration of the areas of any parishes any

necessary consequential transfers from the roll of one of such

parishes to that of another of them which may be required shall

be effected by or under the authority of the councils concerned,

and no application for enrolment consequential upon such

alteration shall be required.

Notices to be sent in certain cases.

4.—(1) In any case where the name of a person residing in one

parish is entered on the roll of another parish in the same diocese,

notice of the fact shall be sent by the secretary of the council

having the custody of such roll to the secretary of the council

of the parish in which such person resides.

(2) When a person applying for enrolment on the roll of any

parish signifies his desire that his name shall be removed from

the roll of any other parish, notice of the fact shall be sent by

the secretary of the council receiving the application to the

secretary of the council of such last mentioned parish.

No. 2. Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Pleasure, 1929.

(3) When the name of any person is removed from the roll of

a parish owing to his having become resident in another parish,

notice of the fact shall, whenever possible, be sent to the secretary

of the council of the parish in which such person has become

resident.

(4) The forms of notice set out in Appendix III. to these

rules (or substantially similar forms) shall be used for the purposes

of this rule.

(5) An omission to comply with any of the requirements of this rule shall not disqualify any person whose name has been

entered upon any roll.

Annual Parochial Church Meeting.

When to be held.

5.—(1) In every parish there shall be held annually not later

in the year than in Easter week or in the following week the

annual parochial church meeting of all persons whose names

are entered upon the roll of the parish (in these rules referred

to as " the annual meeting ").

(2) Clerks in Holy Orders who are resident in a parish and

who are not beneficed in or licensed to any other parish or who,

whether resident in the parish or not, are licensed to the parish,

shall be entitled to attend the annual meeting, and to take part

in its proceedings, except that they shall not be entitled to vote

at any election of the parochial lay representatives.

Convening of Annual Parochial Church Meeting.

6.—(1) The annual meeting shall be convened by the minister

of the parish by a notice in the form set out in Appendix IV to

these rules (or in a substantially similar form) affixed on or near

to the principal door of the church, and of every other building

licensed for divine service in the parish, for a period including

the last two Sundays before the day of meeting.

(2) The annual meeting shall be held at such place on such

date and at such hour as shall be directed by a previous annual

meeting, or by the council (which may vary any direction given

by a previous annual meeting), or in the absence of any such

direction as shall be appointed by the minister.

(3) During a vacancy of the benefice or curacy or when the

mini ster is absent or incapacitated by illness or any other cause,

the vice-chairman of the council, or if there shall be no vice-

chairman, or if he shall be unable or unwilling to act, the secretary

of or some other person appointed by the council, shall have

all the powers vested in the minister under this rule.

1929.

Representation of the Laity

Measure, 1929.

No. 2.

xv

Chairman.

7. The minister, if present, or if he is not present, the vice-

chairman of the council, or, if he also is not present, a chairman

chosen by the annual meeting shall preside thereat. In case of

an equal division of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall

have a second or casting vote; but no clerical chairman shall

have a vote (except a casting vote) in the election of the parochial

lay representatives.

Business.

8. —(1) The annual meeting shall receive from the council,

and shall be free to discuss—

(a) A copy or copies of the roll;

(b) An annual report on the proceedings of the Council

and on the financial affairs of the parish;

(c) The audited accounts of the council for the year ending

on the thirty-first of December immediately preceding

the meeting; and

(d) A report upon the fabric, goods and ornaments of the church or churches of the parish.

(2) The annual meeting shall elect parochial lay representatives—

(a) to the diocesan conference, unless the diocesan conference shall otherwise determine;

(b) to the ruri-decanal conference, when it exists; and

(c) to the council of the parish,

subject to and in accordance with the rules hereinafter contained

relating to such elections respectively.

(3) The sidesmen of the parish shall be elected by the annual

meeting and the minister as provided by section fourteen of the Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1921:

Provided that if the annual meeting and the minister are

unable to agree, one-half of the whole number of sidesmen shall

be elected by the annual meeting and one-half shall be nominated

by the minister.

(4) Any person entitled to attend the annual meeting may

ask any question about parochial church matters, or bring about

a discussion of any matter of parochial or general church interest,

by moving a general resolution or by moving to give any particular

recommendation to the council in relation to its duties.

(5) The annual meeting shall have power to adjourn, and to

determine its own rules of procedure.

(6) The secretary of the council (or, in his absence, another

person appointed by the meeting in his place) shall act as clerk

of the annual meeting, and shall record the minutes thereof.

No. 2. Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

Special Parochial Church Meetings.

9. —(1) In addition to the annual meeting, the minister of

a parish may, and he shall, on receipt of a written requisition

signed by not less than one-third of the lay members of the

council, convene a special parochial church meeting.

(2) The provisions of these rules relating to the convening

and the conduct of the annual meeting shall, with the necessary

modifications, apply to a special parochial church meeting.

Parochial Church Councils.

Members.

10. —(1) The parochial church council shall consist of—

(i) The minister of the parish;

(ii) The following ex officio members, namely—

(a) the licensed assistant curate, or one licensed

assistant curate nominated by the minister when

there are more than one;

(b) the churchwardens, being communicant members

of the Church of England; and

(c) any lay members of any ruri-decanal conference

or any diocesan conference, or the church assembly,

who are on the roll of the parish;

(iii) such number of lay representatives as the annual meeting

may decide, and so that the number determined may

be altered from time to time by a resolution passed at

any annual meeting, but such resolution shall not take

effect before the next ensuing annual meeting; and

(iv) co-opted members, if the council so decides, not exceeding in number one-fifth of the lay representatives

elected under the last preceding paragraph of this rule,

and being either in Holy Orders or lay communicant

members of the Church of England of either sex, of

twenty-one years of age or upwards.

(2) In the case of a parish the population of which does not

exceed three hundred, the lay members of the council shall,

if the diocesan conference so determines, consist of all persons

who would be qualified to be elected lay representatives if an

election were held, together with the churchwardens, being

communicant members of the Church of England.

Chairman and Vice-Chairman.

11. —(1) The minister of the parish shall be chairman of the

council.

(2) A lay member of the council shall be elected as vice-

chairman.

1929. Representation of the Laity No. 2. xvii

Measure, 1929.

Extraordinary Meetings.

12. —(1) On representation made to the archdeacon by not

less than one-third of the lay members of the council, or by

one-tenth of the persons on the roll of the parish, and deemed

by the archdeacon to have been made with sufficient cause, the

archdeacon shall convene an extraordinary meeting of the council

or an extraordinary parochial church meeting, and shall either

take the chair himself or shall appoint a chairman to preside

at such meeting.

(2) At any such extraordinary meeting, when seven days ’

notice has been given of a motion that any representation relating

to the conduct of the minister shall be made to the bishop of the

diocese, the archdeacon may, in his discretion, request the minister

not to be present, but to make a communication in writing to

the chairman. If such communication be made, it shall be

read to the meeting.

(3) Provided that in any case where the archdeacon is himself

the minister, any representation under subsection (1) of this

rule shall be made to the bishop, who shall either act personally

or appoint some other clerk in Holy Orders to act in place of the archdeacon; and the bishop or the clerk so appointed shall

have all the powers conferred on the archdeacon by this rule.

Parochial and other Elections.

Elections to the Parochial Church Council.

13. —(1) The number of lay representatives to be elected in

each parish to the council shall be determined in accordance

with the provisions of rule 10 of these rules.

(2) Lay representatives in the council of a parish shall hold

office from the date of their election until the conclusion of the

next ensuing annual meeting of the parish:

Provided that the annual meeting may decide that one-third

only (or the number nearest to one-third) of the lay representatives elected to the council shall retire from office in every

year, and in any case where it is so decided the lay representatives

to retire from office at each annual meeting shall be those

who have been longest in office, and so that as between lay

representatives elected on the same day, those to retire shall

(unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be selected by

lot.

(3) A retiring lay representative in the council shall, if otherwise qualified, be eligible for re-election.

(4) In any parish w here there are two or more churches an

annual meeting may frame or adopt a scheme for the election

3 G

No. 2.

xviii

Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

of lay representatives to the council in such manner as to secure

due representation on the council of the congregation of each

of such churches:

Provided that no such scheme shall be valid unless approved

by at least two-thirds of the persons present and voting at the

annual meeting, nor shall it become operative until the next

ensuing annual meeting. Every such scheme shall, on its

approval, be communicated to the secretary of the diocesan

conference.

Elections to and Composition of the Ruri-decanal Conference.

14. —(1) The number of lay representatives to be elected in

each parish to the ruri-decanal conference (if any) shall in all

cases be such as the diocesan conference shall from time to time

appoint.

(2) Lay representatives elected to the ruri-decanal conference

shall hold office for one year, or such longer period, not exceeding

three years, as the diocesan conference shall from time to time

appoint.

(3) The following persons shall be ex officio members of the

ruri-decanal conference of every rural deanery, namely:—

(a) all members of the House of Laity whose names are

entered upon the roll of any parish within such rural

deanery; and

(b) in any case where such ruri-decanal conference elects

lay representatives to the diocesan conference, all

persons who are so elected.

Elections to the Diocesan Conference.

15. —(1) Unless the diocesan conference otherwise determines,

the annual meeting of every parish shall elect such number of

lay representatives to the conference as the conference shall

from time to time appoint.

(2) In any diocese in which the diocesan conference determines

that the lay representatives in that conference shall not be

elected, or shall not be exclusively elected, at the annual meeting

in every parish of the diocese, they shall be elected, according

as the diocesan conference may determine, either

(i) by the lay representatives in each ruri-decanal conference voting in such manner as, subject to the provisions of the next succeeding rule, the ruri-decanal

conference may determine; or

(ii) partly at the annual meetings, and partly by the lay

representatives in the ruri-decanal conferences; or

1929. Representation of the Laity No. 2. xix

Measure, 1929.

(iii) according to a scheme approved by the diocesan conference whereby parishes may be grouped for the

purpose of jointly electing lay representatives to the

conference; or

(iv) according to a scheme approved by the diocesan conference combining two or more of the methods of

election authorised by this rule.

(3) Lay representatives elected to the diocesan conference

in the year 1927 and in any subsequent year in which an election

is held shall hold office for three years.

Method of Voting at the above Elections.

16. —(1) At every election to the parochial church council,

the ruri-decanal conference, and the diocesan conference, each

person entitled to vote shall have as many votes as there are

persons to be elected, but may not give more than three votes to

any one candidate.

(2) Where an equality of votes renders a casting vote necessary

to decide the election, it shall be given by the person presiding

over the election.

Conduct of Elections by the Annual Meeting.

17. —(1) All candidates at elections of lay representatives

by the annual meeting of a parish must be nominated and

seconded by persons whose names are entered on the roll of the parish.

(2) If the number of candidates nominated is not greater than

the number of seats to be filled, the candidates nominated shall

forthwith be declared elected.

(3) If more candidates are nominated than there are seats to

be filled, the election shall take place at the annual meeting,

unless a poll is demanded by at least one-fifth of the voters

present.

(4) If the election takes place at the meeting, votes may be

tendered either on voting papers in a form substantially similar

to that set forth in Appendix V to these rules, or, if all those

present consent thereto, by show of hands.

(5) If a poll is duly demanded, the annual meeting shall forthwith elect a person to preside over it, and the poll shall be conducted in the manner prescribed in Appendix V to these rules.

The expenses of the poll shall be defrayed in such manner as

shall be directed by the diocesan conference.

(6) The result of an election by an annual meeting shall be

announced as soon as practicable by the person presiding over

the election, and a notice of the result shall in every case be

affixed on or near to the principal door of the church and of

3 G 2

xx No. 2. Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

every other building licensed for divine service in the parish,

and shall bear the date on which it is affixed. Such notice shall

remain affixed for not less than fourteen days, and a copy thereof

shall be sent to the rural dean, or, in the case of there being no

rural dean, to the archdeacon.

Appeals.

18.—(1) There shall be a right of appeal by any person

aggrieved against—

(a) any enrolment, or refusal of enrolment, on the roll of a

parish;

(b) the removal of any name, or the refusal to remove any

name, from the roll of a parish;

(c) the allowance or disallowance of any vote given or

tendered under the foregoing rules; and

(d) the result of any election held or purporting to be held

under the foregoing rules.

(2) Notice of any such appeal shall be given in writing to the

rural dean, or if there be no rural dean, to the archdeacon. Such

notice shall be given—

(a) in the case of an appeal against an enrolment or a

refusal of enrolment, or in the case of an appeal against

the removal of any name or the refusal to remove any

name from the roll, not later than seven days after the

date of the annual meeting next following such enrolment or refusal of enrolment, or removal or refusal to

remove;

(b) in the case of an appeal against the allowance or dis-

alkwance of a vote, within seven days after the date

of such allowance or disallowance; and

(c) in the case of an appeal against the result of an election,

within seven days after the result thereof has been

announced.

(3) A lay electoral commission shall be constituted in each

diocese by the diocesan conference, and any appeal shall be

considered and decided by such two or more members of the

Commission as the Commission shall appoint, and their decision

shall be final.

(4) For the purpose of such consideration and decision, the

members of the Commission so appointed shall consider all the

relevant circumstances, and shall be entitled to inspect all documents and papers relating to the subject matter of the appeal, and

to be furnished with all information respecting the same which

they may require.

1929. Representation of the Laity No. 2. xxi

Measure, 1929.

(5) The commission appointed in any diocese under this rule

shall have power at any time to extend the time within which,

a notice of appeal may be given.

Elections to the House of Laity.

19. The members of the House of Laity in the Church Assembly

shall be elected every five years by the diocesan electors in

the several diocesan conferences, according to the principle of

proportional representation as hereinafter provided.

Diocesan Electors.

20. The diocesan electors in each diocese shall be—

(1) the lay representatives for the time being in the

diocesan conference;

(2) the la} - ex officio members of the diocesan conference;

and

(3) fifteen or any less number of teachers and students

(not being in Holy Orders) selected by the other lay

members of the diocesan conference in such manner

as may be prescribed by the conference to represent

the members of universities, university or training

colleges, and school staffs in the diocese who are

members of the Church of England. All the teachers

or students so selected shall be for all other purposes

members of the diocesan conference.

Basis of Representation.

21. —(1) The number of the members of the House of Laity

shall from time to time be fixed by the Church Assembly.

(2) The number of the members of the House of Laity to be

elected for any diocese at a general election shall be proportionate to the number of persons on the rolls of such diocese as revised

in preparation for the annual meetings held in the year immediately

preceding the year in which such general election is held.

(3) The Church Assembly may provide by regulation for

ascertaining the numbers on the rolls of the several dioceses,

and for apportioning to each diocese the number of members to

be elected for that diocese.

Electoral Areas.

22. —(1) Subject to any division of a diocese under this rule

every diocese shall be an electoral area for the purposes of

elections to the House of Laity.

(2) A diocesan conference may, for the purposes of any election,

divide a diocese into two or more areas, and apportion the number

No. 2.

xxii

Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

of members of the House of Laity to be eleeted for the diocese

among such areas, and the election shall be conducted in each

area as if such area were a separate diocese. Where a diocese

is so divided, a diocesan elector who is a lay representative shall

vote in the area to which the body by which he was elected

belongs, and a diocesan elector who is not a lay representative

shall vote in such area as the diocesan conference may decide.

Conduct of Elections.

23.—(1) Subject to any directions given by the Church

Assembly, an election to the House of Laity shall be held in each

diocese at such time between Easter Day and Whit-Sunday as

shall be fixed by the bishop of the diocese.

(2) The presiding officer or officers in each diocese shall be

appointed by the bishop.

(3) Every candidate must be nominated and seconded by

diocesan electors qualified to vote in the area in which the candidate is seeking to be elected. All nominations shall be in writing

and shall be sent to the presiding officer of the area, together

with evidence of the candidate’s consent to serve, on or before

a date to be specified by the presiding officer.

(4) H more candidates are nominated for any area than there

are seats to be filled, the election shall be conducted by voting

papers upon the principle of proportional representation by

the method of the single transferable vote, under rules to be

made from time to time by the Archbishop of the province.

(5) A full statement of the result of each election shall be

furnished to every candidate within the area, and published in

such manner as the bishop may approve.

Supplementary.

Casual Vacancies.

24.—(1) Elections to fill up casual vacancies among lay representatives shall be conducted in the same manner as ordinary

elections, a special meeting of the electing body being held, if

necessary, for the purpose. Such elections shall, where possible,

be held at such times as wall enable all casual vacancies among

lay representatives who are diocesan electors to be filled at the

time of every election to the House of Laity, but so that no

such election shall be invalid by reason of any casual vacancies

not having been so filled up.

(2) Any person elected to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office

only for the unexpired portion of the term of office of the lay

representative in whose place he is elected.

1929. Representation of the Laity No. 2. xxiii

Measure, 1929.

(3) The resignation of a member of a parochial church council

(by reason of its being a corporate body) requires the consent of the council. Members of the House of Laity, the diocesan

conference, and the ruri-decanal conference may resign at will.

Special Provisions.

25.—(1) In the carrying out of these rules in any diocese

the bishop of such diocese shall have power, which shall be

exerciseable from time to time, —

(a) to make provision for any matter not herein provided

for;

(b) to vary or modify any scheme framed or direction

given under these rules;

(c) to appoint a person to do any act in respect of which

there has been any neglect or default on the part of

any person or body charged with any duty under these

rules;

(d) to extend or alter the time for holding any meeting

or election or to modify the procedure laid down by

these rules in connection therewith;

(c) in any case in which there has been no valid election,

to direct a fresh election to be held, and to give such

directions in connection therewith as he may think

necessary; and

(f) in any case in which any difficulty arises, to give any

directions consistent with these rules which he may

consider expedient.

(2) In the case of an omission in any parish to prepare or

maintain a roll or to form or maintain a council or to hold the

annual meeting, the rural dean upon such omission being brought

to his notice shall ascertain and report to the bishop the cause

thereof.

APPENDIX I.

Application for Enrolment on Church

Electoral Roll.

I (Full Christian name and surname) .

of (Full postal address) .

declare that I have attained the age of eighteen years and reside

in the parish of.and am a

member of the Chinch of England and do not belong to any

religious body which is not in communion with the Church of

England.

No. 2. Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

I hereby apply to be entered on the church electoral roll of the parish of.in the diocese of

.[in which parish I am resident]

or [in which parish for the period of six months last past I have

habitually attended public worship] *

I declare that my name is not on the church electoral roll of

any other parish in the said diocose [except that of the parish

of.from which roll I desire my

name to be removed].] -

Signed .

Late .

APPENDIX II.

Form of Notice of Revision of Church

Electoral Roll.

Diocese of .

Parish of .

Notice is hereby given that the church electoral roll of the

above parish will be revised by the parochial church council, ];

beginning on day, the.day of.19....

After such revision, the roll will forthwith be exhibited on,

or near to, the principal door of the church for inspection.

Under the rules for the representation of the Laity the persons

entitled to have their names entered upon the roll are lay members

of the Church of England of either sex of eighteen years of age

and upwards, who—

(a) are baptized and declare that they are members of the Church of England and that they do not belong

to any religious body which is not in communion with

the Church of England; and

(b) are resident in the parish, or (whether or not so resident)

have habitually attended public worship in the parish

during a period of six months prior to enrolment; and

* Strike out whichever of these is not applicable.

] These words are applicable only in the case of a transfer from one

roll to another, in which case the secretary of the council receiving the

application should at once notify the secretary of the council of the parish

from the roll of which the applicant desires his name to be removed.

(See Form No. 2 in Appendix III.)

If the words are not applicable, they should be struck out.

J Note.— The revision must be completed not less than 15 days or more

than 28 days before the annual parochial church meeting.

1929. Representation of the Laity No. 2.

Measure, 1929.

(c) have signed the form of application for enrolment set

out in Appendix I. to the rules for the representation

of the laity.

Forms of application for enrolment can be obtained from

the undersigned, and should be returned, if possible, in time for

the revision.

Any error discovered in the roll should at once be reported to

the undersigned.

Dated this *. day of.19....

Secretary of the council.

Address .

APPENDIX III.

Notices to be sent in certain cases.

Form No. 1.

Notice of Enrolment of a Non-Resident.

To the secretary of the .

parochial church council.

Please note that.

of.

has been entered on the church electoral roll of this parish, and

that he (or she) is therefore not qualified to be on the roll of

your parish.

Signed .

Date

Secretary of the .

Parochial church council.

Form No. 2.

Notice to Cancel Entry in Another Parish.

To the secretary of the .

parochial church council.

Please note that.

of .

who has applied for enrolment on the church electoral roll of this parish, has signified his (or her) desire that his (or her)

* Not less than 14 days’ notice must be given.

XXV

No. 2.

xxvi

Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

name should be removed from the church electoral roll of your

parish, and that his (or her) name should be removed accordingly.

Signed ...

Date

Secretary of the.

parochial church council.

Form No. 3.

Notice of Removal to Another Parish.

To the secretary of the .

parochial church council.

Please note that.

whose entry on the church electoral roll of this parish has been

cancelled, owing to his having become resident in another parish,

is believed to be now resident at.

and may desire to be entered on the church electoral roll of your

parish.

Signed .

Secretary of the .

parochial church council.

Date .

APPENDIX IV.

Notice of Annual Parochial Church Meeting.

Parish of .

The annual parochial church meeting will be held in.

.on.day the.

day of.at.

For the election of parochial lay representatives as follows:—

* To the diocesan conference.representatives,

* To the ruri-decanal conference.representatives,

To the parochial church council.representatives

* For the election of sidesmen.

For the consideration of—

(a) A copy or copies of the roll;

(b) An annual report on the proceedings of the council

and on the financial affairs of the parish;

* Strike out if inapplicable.

1929. Representation of the Laity No. 2. xxvii

Measure, 1929.

(c) The audited accounts of the council for the year ending

on the 31st of December immediately preceding the

meeting;

(i d) A report upon the fabric, goods and ornaments of the

church or churches of the parish;

and other matters of parochial or general church interest.

All persons of either sex whose names are entered upon the

church electoral roll of the parish (and such persons only) are

entitled to vote at the election of parochial lay representatives.

Parochial lay representatives must be actual lay communicant

members of the Church of England of either sex of twenty-one

years of age and upwards, but, except in the case of parochial

church councils, need not be themselves on the church electoral

roll of the parish.

By rule 8 (5) it is provided that the annual meeting shall have

power to adjourn, and to determine its own rules of procedure.

Signed .

* Minister of the parish.

APPENDIX V.

CONDUCT OF POLL AT ELECTIONS BY THE ANNUAL

Meeting.

1. The chairman of the annual meeting shall fix a day (not

being less than seven nor more than fourteen days from the

day of the meeting) and hours, and a place or places, for the

taking of the poll; and shall cause a notice of the poll and of the day and hours and place or places thereof, signed by himself,

to be forthwith affixed on or near to the principal door of the

church and of every other building licensed for divine service

in the parish, and the same shall remain so affixed until after

the day of the poll. The hours of the poll must not be less than

four, which need not be consecutive; but not less than two

hours thereof must be before and not less than two hours thereof

must be after six of the clock in the afternoon.

2. Votes may be tendered by the voter in person by a voting

paper signed by him or her in the form set forth below, or in a

substantially similar form, or by voting papers addressed to the

person presiding over the election in the parish, and sent by post

or otherwise delivered at the place in the parish fixed for the

taking of the poll, and received by him at any time between the

♦ Or " vice-chairman of the parochial church council, " or, as the

case may be. (See rule 6 (3) of the rules for the representation of the

laity.)

xxviii

Reports.

No. 2. Representation of the Laity 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

holding of the meeting and the hour appointed for the close of the poll.

3. After the close of the poll the votes shall be scrutinised

and counted in one place by the presiding officer in the presence

of such of the candidates for election, or persons deputed to

attend on their behalf, as desire to be present.

4. Any voter shall be entitled to ascertain, by inquiry of the presiding officer, within seven days of the declaration of the

result, whether his vote has been allowed or not, and a notice

that voters are so entitled shall be appended to all notices announcing the result of the election.

Form of Parochial Voting Paper in Case

of a Poll.

(A similar form of voting paper may be used at the annual meeting,

if desired, in cases where no poll is demanded.)

I (Full Christian name and surname) .

of (Address) .

hereby give to the candidates upon the list overleaf [or upon

the accompanying numbered voting paper] the votes which I

have placed opposite to their names.

Signed .

Date .

Note.—E ach voter has as many votes as there are seats to be filled,

but may not give more than three votes to any one candidate.

No. 3.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To amend the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure,

1923.

[10th May 1929.]

1. The following paragraphs shall be substituted for

paragraphs (i) to (vi) inclusive of subsection (1) of section

eighteen of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure, 1923

(in this Measure referred to as the " principal Measure "):—

" (i) whether any and, if so, what immediate repairs

are needed, specifying the same in detail together with their estimated cost;

1929. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations No. 3. xxix

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

(ii) except in respect of dilapidations caused by the

deliberate action or gross neglect of an incumbent, within what time not exceeding twelve

months such immediate repairs as are needed

should be carried out;

(iii) what sum will, in his opinion and upon the

assumption that such immediate repairs as are

needed will be duly carried out, be required to

meet the probable cost of the repairs (in this

Measure referred to as " the quinquennial repairs") which will require to be carried out

during the five years immediately succeeding

the date of his report;

(iv) what sum, if any, in addition to the sums respectively required to meet the cost of such immediate repairs as are needed and the quin-

• quennial repairs respectively, will be required

to meet the probable cost of any future repairs

(in this Measure referred to as " deferred

repairs ") for the carrying out of which during

a period exceeding five years from the date of

his report it is, in his opinion, desirable to

provide a fund;

(v) the general character of any deferred repairs to

which his report relates, the reasons for their

classification as such, and within what time

they should be carried out;

(vi) what sum, in his opinion, will be adequate to

reinstate each of such buildings in the event of

its being destroyed by fire; and, if the Diocesan

Dilapidations Board shall so require;

(vii) whether any and, if so, which of such buildings

is in his opinion unsuitable to the needs of the

benefice, and what sum would, in his opinion,

be required to provide a building adequate to

the needs of the benefice in the place of any

unsuitable building."

2. In any case where a surveyor has made a report Reports and

to a Diocesan Dilapidations Board under the provisions objections

of section eighteen of the principal Measure, and at the during

date on which such report is made and for a period of L ‘

xxx No. 3. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Measure, 1929.

three months thereafter the benefice to the buildings of

which the report relates is vacant—

(i) the provision of subsection (2) of the said section

requiring a copy of such report to be sent to

the incumbent of the benefice, and the consequential provisions of subsection (3) of the said

section, so far as they relate to such incumbent,

shall not have effect;

(ii) an incumbent instituted, collated or licensed to

the benefice after the expiration of the said

period of three months shall not have any right

of objecting to the report under section twenty

of the principal Measure; and

(iii) the Board may exercise the power of confirming

the report conferred on the Board by section

twenty-one of the principal Measure at any

time after the expiration of the said period of

three months, or so soon as the Board shall

have determined upon every objection raised

by any person entitled to object to the report,

whichever shall last happen.

Order. 3. The following subsections shall be substituted

for subsections (2) and (3) of section twenty-one of the

principal Measure :—

" (2) The order of the Board so made shall

state the estimated cost of the immediate repairs,

the time within which such repairs are to be

carried out, and the name of any person who under

the provisions of this Measure is liable to make

any payment to the Central Authority in respect

of such repairs or any part thereof, and in the case

of a first inspection shall require payment of such

estimated cost from any person from whom such

payment is due."

" (3) When the buildings of a benefice protected by a certificate under section forty-six or

34 & 3.") Vied. fifty of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871,

c- 4:i - shall be inspected on the occasion of a vacancy or

of a sequestration, the Board may include as part

of the estimated cost of the quinquennial repairs

the estimated cost of the immediate repairs,

deducting from such estimated cost whatever

1929.

Ecclesiastical Dilapidations

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

No. 3.

xxxi

sum (if any) may have been provided by a grant

under section forty-one or section forty-four of this Measure, or by a loan by the Central Authority

under section thirty-five of this Measure, or by

any other contribution towards defraying such

cost."

4. The provisions of section twenty-two of the

principal Measure relating to payments to the Central

Authority during sequestration shall not apply in any

case where the sequestration has issued upon the avoidance of a benefice.

5. In any case where a Diocesan Dilapidations

Board is of opinion that a capital sum, less than the sum

stated in a report made to the Board by a surveyor under

section eighteen of the principal Measure to be adequate

to reinstate a building in the event of its being destroyed

by fire, will be sufficient to provide in the place of the

building if so destroyed a building adequate to the needs

of the benefice, the Board shall have power in the order

confirming the report to determine that the building shall

be insured for any sum which is not less than such capital

sum and not greater than the sum stated in such report

to be adequate to reinstate the building in question, and

in any case where the Board has so determined—

(i) the insurance rate provided for by the principal

Measure shall in respect of such building be

fixed upon the basis of the determination of the

Board; and

(ii) the provisions of the principal Measure relating

to reinstatement of buildings destroyed by fire

shall in respect of such building be construed as

referring to the provision of a building adequate

to the needs of the benefice.

6. The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (5) of section twenty-five of the principal

Measure:—

" (5) When a benefice in respect of which an

ordinary or long assessment has been made shall

become vacant, the Central Authority shall apportion the next annual payment required to be made

by the assessment including any insurance rate

which forms part thereof upon the footing that the

liability for the same accrues from day to day

Payment by

sequestrator.

Ordinary

assessments

(insurance

rate).

Payments

under an

ordinary

assessment.

xxx ii

Variation of

ordinary or

long assessment.

Ee; air

ae.'unnt.

Xo. 3. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

during the twelve months (or other period substituted under this Measure for a period of twelve

months) ending on the day on which the same is

due and that the outgoing incumbent or his estate

is liable for such part thereof as shall be apportioned to the period before he vacated his benefice

and such part of such annual payment shall be a

debt due from such incumbent or his representatives to the Central Authority and recoverable at

law."

7. The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (3) of section twenty-seven of the principal

Measure :—

" (3) If it shall appear to the Board that for

any of the reasons mentioned in subsection (1) of this section it is necessary or desirable to vary an

ordinary or long assessment but that no report

from the surveyor is required—

(i) the Board may frame such draft order

as the case may require;

(ii) a copy of such draft order shall be sent

to any person responsible as aforesaid,

and generally the procedure laid down by

the foregoing provisions of this section

and of sections twenty and twenty-one

of this Measure shall be followed with

the substitution of the draft order for

the surveyor’s report; and

(iii) upon such procedure being brought to a

conclusion the Board may make an order

confirming the draft order either with

or without variation as the case may

require."

8. —(1) The following section shall be substituted

for section twenty-nine of the principal Measure :—

" 29. The repair rate paid in respect of a

benefice shall be placed by the Central Authority

to the credit of an account to be called the k Repair

account of the benefice of and they

shall allow interest thereon at such rate and on

such terms and conditions as they may from time

to lime determine, and credit the same to the

account."

1929. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations No. 3. xxxiii

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

(2) Moneys standing under the provisions of the

principal Measure to the credit of an ordinary repair

account shall be transferred to the corresponding repair

account, and all references in the principal Measure to an

ordinary repair account shall be construed as references

to a repair account.

9.—(1) The following section shall be substituted Deferred

for section thirty of the principal Measure :— repair

" 30. Any sums paid to or lent or granted by

the Central Authority in respect of the deferred

repairs of the buildings of a benefice shall be placed

by the Central Authority to the credit of an

account to be called the ‘ Deferred repair account

of the benefice of and they shall

allow interest thereon at such rate and on such

terms and conditions as they may from time to

time determine, and credit the same to the

account."

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section moneys

standing under the provisions of the principal Measure to

the credit of a structural repair account shall be transferred to the corresponding deferred repair account, and

references in the pVincipal Measure to a structural repair

account shall be construed as references to a deferred

repair account.

(3) The Central Authority shall have power, where

circumstances so require, to direct that moneys standing

to the credit of the deferred repair account of a benefice

shall be transferred to the repair account of the same

benefice.

10. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section. Execution

in any case where for the purpose of discharging the duty of repairs,

of executing repairs imposed on incumbents by section

thirty-one of the principal Measure, an incumbent has

entered into any contract for the execution of any repairs

and has vacated his benefice before such contract has

been fully carried into effect, such outgoing incumbent

shall during a period of three months after he has vacated

his benefice and during such further period (if any) as

the Board may allow be entitled to carry out such repairs

and shall have all necessary rights of entry for that purpose.

xxxiv

No. 3. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Measure, 1929.

(2) In any case where an outgoing incumbent

exercises the right conferred by the first subsection of this section—

(i) such outgoing incumbent shall, for the purpose

of countersigning the certificate of the surveyor

under subsection (2) of section thirty-two of the

principal Measure, or under section eleven of this Measure, be deemed to be the incumbent

of the benefice; and

(ii) the incoming incumbent shall so long as such

outgoing incumbent continues to be entitled to

carry out such repairs not be responsible for

the carrying out of the same.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall

have effect subject to any directions of the Board varying

the provisions thereof, and also to any agreement between

an outgoing and an incoming incumbent notified to and

approved by the Board, and in the construction of the

said provisions the expression "outgoing incumbent "

shall include the personal representatives of a deceased

incumbent.

(4) The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (3) of section thirty-one of the principal

Measure:—

" (3) Provided always that this section shall

not impose on any sequestrator or any incumbent

any obligation to execute any repairs the cost of

which exceeds the sums from whatever source

derived for the time being standing to the credit

of the repair account of the benefice, or, in the

case of deferred repairs, the deferred repair account

of the benefice, but so that in the case of an

incumbent from whom any money is due to the

Central Authority and payable to the said accounts

or either of them the sums respectively actually

standing to the credit of the said accounts or to

the credit of the account to which money is due,

as the case may be, shall be deemed for the purposes of this proviso to be increased by the amount

of the money so due and payable."

1929.

Ecclesiastical Dilapidations

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

No. 3.

XXXV

(5) The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsections (6) and (7) of section thirty-one of the principal Measure:—

" (6) If the incumbent or the sequestrator of

a benefice who is required under this Measure to

execute repairs shall refuse or neglect to execute

them, the Board may serve him with a notice

requiring him to execute such repairs forthwith,

and if at the expiration of one month from the

date of such notice the default shall be continuing,

the Board with the consent of the bishop may in

its discretion execute such repairs or so much of

them as the Board may think fit, and shall have

all necessary rights of entry for that purpose,

and shall without prejudice to any other remedy

be entitled to recover as a debt from the incumbent or sequestrator in default the charges of

any architect or surveyor incurred in consequence

of the refusal or neglect of the incumbent or

sequestrator."

(6) Subsection (5) of section thirty-one of the principal Measure is hereby repealed.

11. The Central Authority may from time to time Cost of

disburse from the repair account or the deferred repair repairs

account of a benefice such sums representing payments (pay mpn t *

on account in respect of wages or other items requiring Ouact oun

to be immediately provided for as a certificate of the

surveyor (who may act on such information as he in

the circumstances of the case considers sufficient) countersigned by the incumbent of the benefice or by the sequestrator or by the Board, whichever shall have executed

the repairs, may certify to be reasonable and proper and

immediately payable.

12. —(1) The power conferred on the Central Au- Disposal of

thority by paragraph (iii) of subsection (1) of section surplus

thirty-three of the principal Measure shall be extended puj meats,

so as to authorise repayments thereunder to any diocesan

body and any parochial church council who may have

made such contributions as are referred to in that paragraph.

xxxvi

Interim

repairs

Chare: ini' the

revenues of a

benefice

(Application

of certain

provisions of the Ecclesiastical

Dilapidations

Act, 1872).

3.1 & 36 Vict.

r. <16.

Insurance

money if

buildings

destroyed

by fire

before

payment of

insurance

rate.

No. 3. Ecclesiastical Dilapidation 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

(2) The following paragraph shall be inserted immediately after paragraph (iii) of the said subsection:—

" (iv) it may be applied in repaying to the Central

Authority the whole or any part of any grant

made under the provisions of section forty-one

or section forty-four of this Measure."

13 . — (1)The powers of ordering repairs required

without delay in order to prevent further dilapidations

conferred on a Diocesan Dilapidations Board by section

thirty-six of the principal Measure may be exercised

without a report from the surveyor being obtained in

any case where the Board consider such report not

necessary.

(2) The period of one year referred to in subsection

(3) of section thirty-six of the principal Measure shall be

construed to mean any period between the due date of

any annual payment under an assessment and the due

date of the next annual payment under the same assessment or the next succeeding assessment.

14 . The provisions of sections one and two of the

Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1872, applied by section

thirty-eight of the principal Measure to charging assessments made thereunder shall be and be deemed always

to have been the provisions of those sections relating to

the extending of a term of repayment upon the appointment of a new incumbent and to the changing of the date

of the annual payment under a mortgage.

15 . The following provisions shall have effect and

shall be deemed always to have had effect in respect of the period between the passing of the principal Measure

and the date upon which the buildings of a benefice

become insured by the Central Authority under the

provisions of section thirty-nine of the principal

Measure:—

(i) subject to the provisions of the next succeeding

paragraph the repeal effected by the principal

Measure of the provisions of sections fifty-four,

fifty-five and fifty-six of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act, 1871 (which sections relate to the

insurance against loss or damage by fire of the

1929. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations No. 3. xxxvii

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

buildings of a benefice) shall not take effect

until the expiration of the said period;

(ii) any moneys paid under any insurance effected

under the said provisions of the said Act shall

be applied by the Central Authority as if they

had been received by the Central Authority

under section forty of the principal Measure,

and the provisions of that section shall apply

accordingly; and

(iii) regulations prescribed under subsection (2) of

section forty of the principal Measure may

provide for the application of any moneys

deemed to be a debt due from an incumbent to

the Central Authority under subsection (4) of the said section.

16 . The powers conferred on a Diocesan Dilapida- Superfluous

tions Board by section forty-six of the principal Measure buildings

shall be extended so as to enable the Board to make an (extension

order under the said section deferring the removal of a ° P owers l

superfluous building in any case where the Board are of

opinion that for any reason such order ought to be made.

17. Section fifty-one of the principal Measure shall Dangerous

apply to any dangerous trees growing either on the glebe tree3 -

land of a benefice or in the churchyard, but so that-—

(i) in subsection (1) the words "and then only for

the purpose of being actually applied in repairs

to the buildings of the benefice " shall not apply

to such trees;

(ii) in any case where after payment of the costs

and expenses of the felling of any dangerous

trees growing on the glebe and of the sale thereof,

if a sale can be effected, there shall be a loss,

the Board shall have power to direct that such

loss shall be borne by the repair account of the

benefice; and

(iii) the previous consent of the Board shall not be

required to the felling of any tree which is in so

dangerous a condition as to make it necessary

that it should be felled forthwith.

xxxviii

Channels.

Proof of

orders, &r\,

of Diocesan

Dilapidations

Boards.

Duchy of

Cornwall.

Transfer of

documents.

Transi -

tional

provisions.

No. 3. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

18 . The following words shall be added at the end

of subsection (2) of section fifty-two of the principal

Measure :—

" and also to provide a capital sum the income of

which will be sufficient to insure the chancel for a

sum adequate to reinstate the same in the event of

its being destrojmd by fire."

19 . Evidence of any order or resolution of a Diocesan Dilapidations Board or of any instrument framed

by a Board for the purpose of carrying the principal

Measure or any amendment thereof into effect, may be

given by producing a copy of such order, resolution or

instrument purporting to be signed by the secretary of the Board.

20 . The Third Schedule to the principal Measure

shall have effect as if there were substituted for all

words after the " Duke of Cornwall " the words—

" or any person duly authorised to act on his behalf

under the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act,

1893, including any persons having authority

under section thirty-eight or section thirty-nine

of the same statute to act in the name and on

behalf of the Duke of Cornwall and any notice

may be given to the Keeper of the Records of the

Duchy."

21 . —(1)In any case where a Diocesan Dilapidations Board has in its possession any deeds or documents

relating to a benefice outside its area, including a benefice

which has ceased to be in its area, such Board shall

deliver up such deeds or documents to the Diocesan

Dilapidations Board in whose area such benefice is situate.

(2) If any question shall arise wdiether any deeds or

documents ought to be delivered up under the provisions

of this section, such question shall be decided by the

Central Authority, whose decision shall be final.

22 . The Central Authority may give such directions

as in the opinion of the Central Authority may be required with regard to the transition from the provisions

of the principal Measure to the same provisions as

1929. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations No. 3. xxxix

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

amended by this Measure, and shall have power to determine whether any inspection or other proceeding pending

at the passing of this Measure shah be concluded in

accordance with the provisions of the principal Measure

or of the same provisions as amended bj this Measure,

and generally to decide any question which may arise in

connection with the said transition.

23. —(1) This Measure shall come into force on the Commence-

appointed day. ment.

(2) The appointed day shall be such day, not later

than six months after the passing of this Measure, as

the Archbishops of Canterbury and York shall by writing

under their hands and archiepiscopal seals jointly determine.

(3) The determination of the appointed day under

this section shall be notified by advertisement in the

London Gazette.

24. This Measure may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Short title

Dilapidations (Amendment) Measure, 1929, and shall he and eon-

construed as one with the principal Measure, and the Rtruction

principal Measure and this Measure may be cited together

as the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures, 1923 to

1929.

25 . The amendments set out in the Schedule to this Minor

Measure (being amendments which are consequential on amend-

the classification of repairs as immediate quinquennial ments -

and deferred repairs respectively or relate to matters of

minor importance) shall be made in the principal Measure.

SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments of the Ecclesiastical

Dilapidations Measure, 1923.

Provision amended. Amendment.

Section 18 (3) - There shall be substituted for the word

" fourteen " the words "twenty-one."

Section 21 (5) (i) The words " ordinary or structural " shall be

repealed.

xl No. 3. Ecclesiastical Dilapidations 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Measure, 1929.

Provision amended. Amendment.

Section 22 (1) - There shall be substituted for the words

" ordinary repairs and immediate structural

repairs " the words "the immediate repairs."

Section 26 (1) - There shall be substituted for the words "as

structural repairs under section 18 (1) (i) (b)

of this Measure " the words "as deferred

repairs."

The proviso forming the second paragraph of the subsection shall be repealed.

Section 33 (1) - The words "ordinary repairs or structural "

shall be repealed.

' There shall be substituted in each subsection

for the words "structural repairs " the words

Section 35 (1) -J " deferred repairs or repairs which would in

Section 36 (2) -)the opinion of the Board be classified a.s

deferred repairs in a report made by a

surveyor under this Measure."

Section 43 (1) - There shall be substituted for the words "in

respect to any payment required by an

assessment " the words "to the Central

Authority."

Section 49 (2) - The words " within one month after the sending of the report " shall be inserted after

the word " may."

Section 51 (4) - The words " and applied and disposed of by

the Central Authority as money in their

hands so appropriated should by law or

under the rules of the Central Authority be

applied and disposed of; or " shall be

inserted at the end of paragraph (iii).

After paragraph (iii) the following paragraph

shall be added :—

" (iv) applied in improving any buildings

belonging to the benefice."

1929.

Westminster Abbey

Measure, 1929.

No. 4.

xli

No. 4.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To make further provision as to the apportionment of the income of the Dean and Chapter

of Westminster.

[10th May 1929.]

1.—(1) Provision may from time to time be made Power to

by means of a scheme or schemes under this Measure re-appor-

for re-apportioning the annual income of the Dean and ti c °" in [0D ] e ]

Chapter of Westminster between—

(a) the fabric fund;

(b) the stipends of the dean and canons; and

(c) the maintenance of the services of Westminster

Abbey and other expenses of the Dean and

Chapter of Westminster.

of Dean and

Chapter of

Westminster.

(2) A scheme under this Measure may repeal or

amend the provisions of the Scheme of 1888 or of any

previous scheme under this Measure.

(3) The first scheme under this Measure may provide that the re-apportionment of income effected thereby

shall have effect as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, or from such subsequent

date as may be laid down by such scheme.

2. A scheme under this Measure may provide that Rates on

notwithstanding the provisions of section seven of the dean’s and

Westminster Abbey Act, 1888, any rates in respect of the official residences of the dean and canons of West- 51, 50 Vict

minster may be paid out of the fabric fund. c. 11 . ~

3 . The eanonry in Westminster Abbey suspended in Suspension

pursuance of the provisions of section five of the West- of canonr y

minster Abbey Act, 1888, shall by virtue of this Measure, continued -

notwithstanding the repeal of the said section of the

said Act by this Measure, remain suspended as if it had

been suspended under section eight of the Ecclesiastical 3 & 4 Vict.

Commissioners Act, 1840, and the number of canons of c - 113.

Westminster Abbey which by virtue of section two of the last-mentioned Act and of the Schedule thereto was

fixed at six shall henceforth be five.

3 I

xlii

Schemes.

Interpretation.

No. 4. Westminster Abbey 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1929.

4 . —(1)Every scheme under this Measure shall be

prepared by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners after previous consultation with the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, and shall be submitted to the Visitor of the

Abbey for approval, and if the Visitor shall approve the

scheme the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall certify the

scheme as so approved to His Majesty in Council, whereupon it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to make

and issue any Order or Orders for confirming the scheme.

(2) Notice of every scheme under this Measure confirmed by Order in Council shah be published in the

London Gazette, and upon the publication of such

notice such scheme shall become effectual in law as if

contained in this Measure.

5 . In this Measure—

The expressions " Westminster Abbey, " " Dean

and Chapter of Westminster, " " dean of

Westminster, " and " canons of Westminster, "

mean respectively the Collegiate Church of

Saint Peter Westminster, the Dean and Chapter of, the dean of, and the canons of the said

Collegiate Church;

The expression "Scheme of 1888" means the

scheme made by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners under the Westminster Abbey Act,

1888, and ratified by an Order in Council of

Her late Majesty Queen Victoria made and

passed on the seventeenth day of November,

eighteen hundred and eighty-eight;

The expression "fabric fund" means the fabric

fund established by the Scheme of 1888

pursuant to the Westminster Abbey Act,

1888;

The expression "annual income of the Dean and

Chapter of Westminster" means only the

money payment payable under the Scheme

of 1888, together with any income arising

from the investment of any accumulations

thereof and any income derived by the Dean

and Chapter of Westminster from any building which is not for the time being occupied

as an official house.

1929.

Westminster Abbey

Measure, 1929.

No. 4.

xliii

6. This Measure may be cited as the " Westminster Short title.

Abbey Measure, 1929."

7 . The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Repeal.

Measure are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in

the third'column of that Schedule as from the date upon

which any scheme under this Measure shall become

effectual in law.

THE SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

3 & 4 Vict.,

Ecclesiastical Com-

Section 66, so far as it provides

c. 113.

missioners Act,

1840.

for a limitation of the annual

incomes of the dean of Westminster and the canons of

Westminster respectively.

51 & 52 Vict.,

Westminster Abbey

Subsection (6) of section 3.

c. 11.

Act, 1888.

Section 5.

TABLE III

Showing the Effect of the Legislation of the Fifth

Session of the Thirty-Fourth Parliament of the

United Kingdom and Northern Ireland.

(November 6, 1928 —May 10, 1929)

FORMER ACTS

(IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED

OR AMENDED BY ENACTMENTS OF

19 & 20 GEO. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 6.

48 Geo. 3:

c. 142 -

Life Annuities Act,

1808.

Ss. 21, 23, 28 repealed

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. 1.

7 Geo. 4:

c. 46

e. 67

Country Bankers

1 Act, 1826.

Bankers (Scotland)

Act, 1826.

Excluded -

Excluded -

23, s. 361 (1) (o).

23, s. 361 (1) (a).

10 Geo. 4:

c. 24

c. 44

Government Annuities Act, 1829.

Metropolitan Police

Act, 1829.

Repealed -

S. 23 adapted -

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. I.

17, s. 132 (2),

sch. 10, para. 5.

11 Geo. 4 &

1 Will. 4:

c. 26

National Debt Act,

1830.

Ss. 6 and 9, so far as relating to annuities under 10

Geo. 4. c. 24, repealed.

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. I.

2 & 3 Will. 4:

c. 69

Government Annuities Act, 1832.

Repealed -

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. I.

3*4 Will. 4:

c. 24

c. 41

Government Annuities Act, 1833.

Judicial Committee

Act, 1833.

Repealed -

S. 30 repealed with saving -

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. I.

8, s. 1 (7).

3 K

xlvi

Effect of Legislation.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

4 & 5 Will. 4:

c. 24

Superannuation

Applied to—

Act, 1834.

diplomatic service -

pensions of dominion

governors, &c.

11.

16, ss.°2, 3.

c. 76

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834.

S. 40 repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt.VII.

5 & 6 Will. 4:

c. 60

Highway Act, 1835

Certain functions transferred to county councils,

exemptions under s. 33

saved (prosp.).

17, ss. 30, 38,

134.

c. 69

Union and Parish

Act, so far as unrepealed,

17, ss. 134, 137,

6 & 7 Will. 4:

Property Act,

1835.

i

repealed (prosp.).

sch. 12, pt. VII.

c. 85

Marriage Act, 1836

S. 3 adapted ...

17, s. 132 (2),

sch. 10, para. 6.

c. 86

Births and Deaths

Ss. 7, 8, 9, 29 repealed in

17, ss. 21, 22 (3)

Registration Act,

part, 3, 6 amended, 29, 34

(c), 24 (2), 25,

1836.

restricted, 7, 9 adapted,

functions of guardians

transferred. Act adapted

to London (prosp.).

132 (2), 134,

137, sch. 10,

paras. 6, 7, 24

(a), sch. 12,

pt. I.

7 Will. 4 &

1 Vict.:

c. 22

Births and Deaths

Ss. 10, 11, 14 repealed in

17, 88. 132 (2),

Registration Act,

part, 17, 19 repealed, 27

134, 137, sch.

1837.

adapted (prosp.).

10, para. 6,

sch. 12, pt. I.

c. 84

Forgery Act, 1837-

Repealed ... -

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. I.

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 49

Government Annuities Act, 1838.

Repealed -

29, ss. 36, 66, 70,

sch. 2, pts. I

and II.

3 & 4 Vict.:

c. 113 -

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1840.

S. 66 in part repealed, sch.

amended (prosp.) by

Westminster Abbey Measure (19 & 20 Geo. 6, No.

4), ss. 3, 7, sch.

4 & 5 Vict.:

c. 38

School Site3 Act,

S. 6 in part repealed (E.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

1841.

(prosp.).

sch. 12, pt. VII.

6 & 6 Vict.:

c. 18

Parish Property

Act, so far as unrepealed.

17, ss. 134, 137,

and Parish Debts

Act, 1842.

repealed (prosp.).

sch. 12, pt. VII.

c. 79

Railway Passenger

Duty Act, 1842.

Repealed as to railway

passenger duty.

i

21, ss. 3, 6, sch.

A.D. 1929. Effect of Legislation.

xlvii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

7 <Ss 8 Vict.:

c. 32

Bank Charter Act,

S. 21 excluded -

23, s. 361 (1) (a).

1844.

c. 10? -

Poor Law AmendSs. 14-6, 56 (so far as un17, ss. 134, 137,

ment Act, 1844.

repealed), in part 61, resch. 12, pts. I

pealed (prosp.).

and VII.

S. 70, as applied to bastardy

38.

proceedings, declared to

be still operative.

c. 113 -

Act to regulate

S. 47 saved -

23, s. 382 (5),

Joint Stock Banks

in England.

sch. 12, pt. II.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 16

Companies Clauses

Applied ....

23, ss. 234 (6),

Consolidation Act,

1845.

385 (2).

c. 17

Companies Clauses

Applied ....

23, ss. 234 (6),

Consolidation

(Scotland) Act,

1846.

385 (2).

c. 38 ■

Bank Notes (ScotS. 13 excluded ...

23, s. 361(1) (a).

land) Act, 1845.

c. 83

Poor Law (ScotSs. 55 in part, 57, and 62 in

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

land) Act, 1846.

part, repealed (prosp.).

sch. 9.

c. 117 -

Poor Removal Act,

S. 5 repealed (prosp.) -

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

1845.

9 & 10 Vict.:

c. 74

Baths and WashS. 24 in part repealed

17, ss. 134, 137,

houses Act, 1846.

(prosp.).

sch. 12, pt. VII.

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 16

Gasworks Clauses

Ss. 31, 33 amended (E.S.) -

24, ss. 3, 10 (3)

Act, 1847.

and see s. 5 (4).

c. 17

Waterworks Clauses

S. 68 applied

17, s. 77 (2).

Act, 1847.

10 & 11 Vict.:

c. 42

Railway Passenger

Duty Act, 1847.

Repealed

21, ss. 3, 6, sch.

11 & 12 Vict.:

c. 118 -

Excise Act, 1848 -

S. 2 repealed ...

21, ss, 3, 6, sch.

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 66

Pharmacy Act,

S. 2 extended -

31.

1852.

c. 85

Burial Act, 1852 -

S. 29 in part repealed

17, ss. 134, 137,

(prosp.).

sch. 12, pt.

VII.

16 & 17 Vict.;

c. 45

Government AnnuAmended -

27, s. 11.

ities Act, 1853.

Repealed -

29, ss. 66, 70,

sch 2, pt. II.

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 91

Lands Valuation

S. 19 repealed, local authorities’ functions trans25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

(Scotland) Act,

49 (2), 79, 80

1854.

ferred, Act applied

(2), schs. 1, pt.

(prosp.).

I, 9.

o. 112 -

Literary and ScienS. 6 in part repealed (E.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

tific Institutions

(prosp.).

sch. 12, pt.

Act, 1854.

VII.

3K 2

xlviii

Effect of Legislation. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

I8 & 19 Vict 19 Vict.:

c. 29

Registration of

S. 4 repealed (prosp.) -

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

Births, Deaths

seh. 9

and Marriages

(Scotland) Act,

1855.

Q

c. 68

Burial Grounds

S. 3 repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

(Scotland) Act,

1855.

sch. 9.

19*20 Vict.:

1

c. 69

County and

S. 16 repealed (prosp.)

17, SB. 134, 137,

Borough Police

Act, 1856.

sch. 12, pt. VI.

c. 93 - i

Commissioners of

Repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

Supply (Scotland)

Act, 1856.

sch. 9.

20 Vict.:

1

c. 11

Commissioners of

Repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

Supply (Scotland)

Act, 1857.

sch. 9.

c. 19

Extra Parochial

Ss. 5, 8 repealed (prosp.) *

17, ss. 134, 137,

Places Act, 1857.

sch. 12, pt. I.

20*21 Vict.:

c. 14

Joint Stock Bank *

S. 12 saved

23, s. 382 (5),

ing Companies

Act, 1857.

sch. 12, pt. II.

c. 71

Lunacy (Scotland)

Ss. 54-5 repealed (prosp.) -

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

Act, 1857.

sch. 9.

c. 72

Police (Scotland)

Ss. 58-60 repealed (prosp.)-

25, ss. 3 (3)-(6),

Act, 1857.

79, 80 (2), sch.

9.

21 *22 Vict.:

c. 25

Births and Deaths

S. 4 repealed (prosp.) -

17, ss. 25, 134,

Registration Act,

137, sch. 12,

1858.

pt. II.

23*24 Vict.:

c. 85

Registration of

S. 5 in part repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

Births, Deaths

and Marriages

(Scotland) Act,

1860.

sch. 9.

24*25 Vict.:

c. 14

Post Office Savings

Ss. 9, 11 extended -

27, ss. 10 (2), 13.

Bank Act, 1861.

c. 97

Malicious Damage

In ss. 5, 11, 39 " poor law

17, ss. 134, 137,

Act, 1861.

union " repealed (prosp.)

sch. 12, pt. I.

c. 100 - •

Offences against

Ss. 58 extended, 60 applied

34, s. 2 (2)-(4).

the Person Act,

1861.

25* 26 Vict.:

c. 103 -

Union Assessment

Ss. 2, 4, 7, 10, 12 so far as

17, ss. 134, 137,

Committee Act,

unrepealed, and in pt. s. 9,

sch. 12, pt. I.

1862.

repealed (prosp.).

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

xlix

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 25

Savings Bank Investment Act,

1863.

Ss. 6 repealed, 3 extended •

27, ss. 3, 13, 20,

sch.

e. 33

Revenue Act, 1863

S. 13 repealed ...

21, ss. 3, 6, sch.

c. 87

Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1863.

1

Ss. 10 (May 21, 1930), and

sch. B repealed, ss. 60-1

repealed and substituted,

ss. 35, 37-40 and 66

repealed in part, ss. 8, 40,

amended, 19 extended.

27, ss. 1, 10 (1),

13, 16 (13), 17,

18 (2), 20, sch.

27 & 28 Vict.:

c. 43

Government Annuities Act, 1864.

Amended -

Repealed ....

27, s. 11.

29, ss. 66, 70,

sch. 2, pt. II.

e. 46

Government Annuities (Investments) Act, 1864.

Repealed ....

29, ss. 8 (2), 67,

69, 70, sch. 2,

pt. III.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 17

30 & 31 Vict.:

Cattlesheds in

Burghs (Scotland) '

Act, 1866.

Local authorities’ functions

transferred (prosp.).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 6

Metropolitan Poor

Act, 1867.

S. 24 so far as unrepealed,

repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

c. 84

Vaccination Act,

1867.

S. 11 " of his union or

parish " repealed, s. 5

modified, Act adapted to

London (prosp.).

17, ss. 85 (4),

132 (2), 134,

137, sch. 3,

para. 4, sch.

10, para. 24 (b ),

sch. 12, pt. I.

c. 106 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867.

Ss. 7, 8, 11, and in part 23,

repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pts. I

and VII.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 122 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1868.

S. 5 repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

32 & 33 Vict.:

t

«. 43 -

Diplomatic Salaries, &c., Act,

1869.

Repealed with saving

11, ss. 1, 2.

c. 63 •

Metropolitan Poor

Amendment Act,

1869.

Sb. 8, 24-5 repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

c. 67

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

Ss. 5, 45 (3) in part, 50 in

part, and 69 repealed.

Act adapted, s. 47 (11)

applied, ss. 28, 50

amended (prosp.).

17, ss. 18(f), 70,

132, 134, 137,

sch. 9, pt. II,

para. 3, sch.

10, para. 24 (c),

sch. 12, pts. I

and V.

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 46

Landlord and

Tenant (Ireland)

Act, 1870.

Act excluded, s. 8 saved -

14, s.7(l) (e)(3).

c. 71

National Debt Act,

1870.

Ss. 50, 68 in part, and sch.

2, pta. Ill and IV so far as

unrepealed, repealed.

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. I.

1

Effect of Legislation. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 6.

34 & 35 Vict.

c. 31

Trade Union Act,

1871.

S. 5 saved ...

23, s. 382 (7).

c. 43

Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act,

1871.

As to repeal of ss. 54-6 by

14 & 15 Geo. 5, No. 3, see

Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure (19 & 20

Geo. 5, No. 3) s. 16 (i).

c. 98

Vaccination Act,

1871.

Act adapted, ss. 5, 13 saved

17, s. 132, sch.

10, paras. 24

(6), 25.

35A36 Vict.:

c. 62

Education (Scot-

Ss. 15-6, 48 in part, and 52,

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

land) Act, 1872.

repealed (prosp.).

sch. 9.

c. 65

Bastardy Laws

Amendment Act,

1872.

S. 3 extended -

36.

c. 91

Borough Funds

Act, 1872.

Extended to rural district

councils.

17, b. 65.

c. 96

36 & 37 Vict.:

Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Act,

1872.

Ss. 1 and 2, as applied, extended by Ecclesiastical

Dilapidations Measure

(19 & 20 Geo. 6, No. 3)

8. 14.

c. 44

Government Annuities Act, 1873.

Repealed ....

29, ss. 36, 66, 70,

sch. 2, pts. I

and II.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 54

Rating Act, 1874 -

As respects agricultural

land, ss. 3 (1), 4 and 5

repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. V. '

c. 88

Births and Deaths

Ss. 6, 22, 33 in part and 34

17, ss. 26 (4),

Registration Act,

1874.

repealed (prosp.).

134, 137, sch.

12, pts. I and

II.

38 & 39 Vict.:

e. 55

Public Health

Ss. 190 and 229 in part, s.

17, ss. 9 (6), 14

39 & 40 Vict.:

Act, 1875.

234 (2) (3), and as respects

district councik ss. 299-

302, repealed, ss. 189, 191

adapted, ss. 131, 233 extended, ss. 176-8 and 308

applied, functions under

ss. 146-8, 150, 154, 176

modified, functions under

s. 157 saved, s. 200 as to

county boroughs varied

(prosp.).

(1) (2) (3), 30

(3) (4), 31 (5),

36 (2), 39 (1),

57 (4), 74 (2),

117(4), 128(3)

(6), 132 (2), 134

137, sch. l, pts.

I and III, sch.

10, paras. 8, 9,

sch. 12, pts. I,

IV, V. And see

s. 6 (1) (assistance).

c. 36

Customs Consolida-

S. 42 repealed as to tea,

21, 4 (3), 5, 6,

tion Act, 1876.

s. 98 applied (hops).

sch.

c. 59

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876.

Ss. 6 and 14 further extended.

8, s. 2.

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

li

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 6.

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 6]

Divided Parishes

and Poor Law

Ss. 21 so far as unrepealed,

39, and proviso to s. 42

17, ss. 18 (e),

134, 137, sch.

Amendment Act,

1876.

repealed, functions of

Metropolitan Asylum

Board under 8. 42 transferred (prosp.).

12, pts. I and

VII.

c. 62

Sale of Exhausted

Parish Lands Act,

1876.

Provisions as to sale &c. of

land amended.

17, s. 115^(2),

sch. 7.

c. 63

Notices to Quit

(Ireland) Act,

1876.

Excluded - -

1

14, s. 7[(3).

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2

Treasury Bills Act,

1877.

S. 6 excluded - - \

2, s. 2 (2), 10,

22, s. 2j (2),

s. 3 (2).

c. 13

Customs, Inland

Revenue and

Savings Bank

Act, 1877.

S. 15 amended -

27, s. 4 (2).

e. 53

Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1877.

Ss. 61 (so far as unropealed)

and 62 repealed (prosp.).

25, ss. 79, ' 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 66

41 & 42 Vict.:

Local Taxation

Returns Act, 1877

S. 3 " guardians " repealed

(prosp.).

17, as. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

o. 61

Roads and Bridges

(Scotland) Act,

1878.

Ss. 18, 27, 29 repealed

(prosp.).

25, ss. 79, 80"(2),

sch. 9.

c. 76

Telegraph Act,

1878.

S. 7 extended -

33, s. 13.

c. 77

Highways and

Locomotives

(Arndt.) Act,

1878.

S. 16 " in pursuance of this Act, " and s. 20 repealed,

s. 16 extended (prosp.).

17, ss.37, I132(2),

134, 137, sch.

10, para. 10,

sch. 12, pt. III.

00

l>

6

Education (Scotland) Act, 1878.

Ss. 15-7 repealed (prosp.) -

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 36

Savings Banks Act,

1880.

Act, except ss. 6, 6 and 8,

repealed.

27, ss. 12 (2) 20,

sch.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 49

Land Law (Ireland)

Act, 1881.

Ss. 6, 8 (3) excluded -

14, s. 7 (3).

c. 68

(asamended)

Army Act

Continued, ss. 78 (2), 79 (1),

83 (1), 84 (1), 86 and 145

amended.

20. ss. 4, 5, sch.

2.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 21

Places of Worship

Sites Amendment

Act, 1882.

S. 1 proviso (c) in part repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VII.

c. 60

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

S. 236 repealed, s. 112 (1)

amended, ss. 26-8, 119

excluded (prosp.).

17, ss. 17, 29 (4),

53 (1), 64, 134,

137, sch. 12, pt.

IV.

o. 61

Government Annuities Act, 1882.

S. 2 amended -

Repealed ... -

27, s. 11.

29, ss. 66, 70,

sch. 2, pt. II.

lii

Effect of Legislation. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

< Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

45 & 46 Vict.:

1

c. 59

Educational Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1882.

Saved ....

25, ss. 6 (2), 80

< 2 >- 0

o. 72

Revenue, Friendly

S. 11 and sch. 1 in part re23, ss. 381, 384,

Societies and

pealed (except as to N.I.)

385(2), sch. 12,

National Debt

Act, 1882.

(prosp.).

pt. I.

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 34

Cheap Trains Act,

1883.

Ss. 2, 7 repealed

21, ss. 3, 6, sch.

c. 47

Provident Nominations and Small

Intestacies Act,

1883.

S. 3 in part repealed -

29, ss. 66, 70,

sch. 2, pt. II.

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 23

National Debt

(Conversion of

Stock) Act, 1884.

S. 5 repealed ...

27, s. 20, sch.

c. 64

Criminal Lunatics

Act, 1884.

S. 10 (1) adapted

17, s. 132 (2),

sch. 10, para.

11.

c. 70

Municipal Elections

S. 36 (1) proviso (6) in

17, ss. 134, 137,

(Corrupt and

Illegal Practices)

Act, 1884.

part, proviso (e), and as

to guardians, sch. 1 repealed (prosp.).

sch. 12, pt. I.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 69

Criminal Law

Amendment Act,

1885.

S. 6 (1), effect of Age of

Marriage Act .—See

36.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 13

Pensions (Colonial

Service) Act, 1887

Ss. 2 and 7 repealed in

part.

16, s. 10 (3), sch.

c. 39

Lunacy Districts

(Scotland) Act,

1887.

S. 1 repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 40

Savings Banks Act,

1887.

Ss. 1 (2), 5 and 7 repealed -

S. 9 and in part ss. 8 (2),

12 and 13 repealed.

27, ss. 10 (1), 20,

sch.

29, ss. 66, 69, 70,

sch. 2, pts. II

and III.

c. 42

Public Libraries

S. 2 in part repealed, Act

25, ss. 41, 79, 80

Consolidation

(Scotland) Act,

1887.

amended (prosp.).

(2), sch. 9.

c. 70

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1887.

S. 4 repealed with saving -

8, s. 1 (7'.

61 & 52 Vict.:

27, s. 20, sch.

c. 2 - i

National Debt

(Conversion) Act,

1888.

S. 16 repealed -

c. 11

Westminster

Abbey Act, 1888.

Ss. 3 (6), 5 repealed (prosp.)

by Westminster Abbey

Measure (19 & 20 Geo. 5,

No. 4), ss. 3, 7, sch.

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt-1,

c. 15

National Debt

(Supplemental)

Act, 1888.

Ss. 1, 2 repealed

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

liii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 41

Local Government

Act, 1888.

Ss. 11 (2)-(6) (8), in part

(9), 19 (1) in part, 20 (1)

(2), 21-7, 32 as to discontinued grants, 34 (1) in

part, 41 (2) in part, 43,

69 (2), 94 repealed, ss. 57,

69 (6) amended, s. 35 (2)

excluded, references to s.

11 (2) adapted, ss. 54, 59,

62, 64 (3), 65, 69, 71, 87

(1) applied, pt. I extended,

s. 24 (2) (a), (c) and

powers under ss. 54 and 57

saved (prosp.).

17, ss. 9 (o), 14

(1), 17, 29 (4),

48, 60 (1), 53

(1), 66, 85 (4),

128 (3) (a), 129

(3), 132 (2),

134, 137, sch.

3, paras. 3 and

4, sch. 10, para.

2, sch. 12, pt.

Ill, V, VI.

And see s. 5 (1)

(assistance).

62*53 Vict.:

e. 11

Sale of Horseflesh,

&c., Regulation

Act, 1889.

Local authorities’ functions

(Scotland) transferred

(prosp.).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 40

Welsh Intermediate Education

Act, 1889.

S. 9 amended (prosp.)

17, s. 82.

e. 49

Arbitration Act,

1889.

Applied (Bridges Act)

33, s. 7 (1).

c. 60

Local Government

(Scotland) Act,

1889.

Ss. 4 (2) in part, 7, 12, 16(2)

(c), 17-8, pt. II (ss. 20-4),

ss. 27 (1) in part, 37 para.

(1), 63, 60 (3) (4), 66, 67

in part, 68 in part, 69, 70,

71 in part, 73 (8), 77-80,

82, 83 (6) in part, repealed,

ss. 51 amended, 9 (2)

extended, 8, 62 paras. (2)

and (6), 68 93 applied

(prosp.).

25, ss. 5 (5) (7),

8 (2) (c) (5)

(10), 9 (2) (5),

12 (8) (9), 19

(4) (6), 21 (1),

26 (4), 42, 79,

80 (2), sch. 9.

c. 66

Poor Law Act, 1889

Act so far as unrepealed,

repealed (prosp).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt.

VII.

c. 72

Infectious Disease

(Notification)

Act, 1889.

S. 11 " or as guardian of

a union " repealed (prosp.)

Local authorities' functions

(Scotland) transferred

(prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

25, ss. 2 (1) (b),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

63*54 Vict.:

c. 6

Lunacy Act, 1890 -

Ss. 64 in part, 65 (2) (a)

" some parish of, " 68, 80

(2) in part, 290 with

saving, 303 in part repealed, ss. 27 (3), 283 (3)

adapted (prosp.).

17, ss. 132 (2),

134, 137, sch.

10, para. 12

and sch. 12,

pt. I.

c. 8

Customs and Inland Revenue

Act, 1890.

S. 7 except as to Scotland

repealed (prosp.).

S. 7 as to Scotland repealed

(prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

e. 37

Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1890.

Sch. 1 extended

23, ss. 106, 385

(2).

c. 45 - !

Police Act, 1890 -

S. 27 repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. V.

c. 59

Public Health Acts

Amendment Act,

1890.

Functions under ss. 39, 40,

43 modified (prosp.).

17, ss. 30 (3),

31, 36, 134,

sch. 1, pts. II,

V.

liv

Effect of Legislation. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

53*54 Vict.:

c. 60

Local Taxation

(Customs and Excise) Act, 1890.

Repealed except as to Scotland (prosp.).

Repealed as to Scotland

(prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

25, ss. TO, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 21

Savings Banks Act,

1891.

Ss. 4 (1), 10 (/) in part, and

12 in part, repealed, ss. 4

(2), 12 (1) amended.

27, ss. 1 (3),

4 (2), 10 (1),

20, sch.

c. 39

Stamp Act, 1891 -

Applied to company’s particulars of allotments.

23, s. 42 (2).

c. 57

Redemption of

Rent (Ireland)

Act, 1891.

Extended -

14, s. 6.

o. 63

Highways and

Bridges Act, 1891.

S. 4 from " but no such

order " repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 31 (4),

134, 137, sch.

12, pt. III.

c. 65

Lunacy Act, 1891 -

Ss. 11 in part and 25 repealed, s. 2 (2) amended,

s. 6 substituted (prosp.).

17, ss. 132 (2),

134, 137, sch.

10, para. 13

and sch. 12,

pt. I.

o. 76

1

Public Health

(London) Act,

1891.

Ss. 55 (4) in part, 67 (1) in

part, 80 (2) (3), 81, 86 in

part, 87 in part, 104, 108

(1) from " and one-half, "

131 repealed, s. 87

amended, authorities

saved, functions of Metropolitan Asylum Board

transferred (prosp.).

17, ss. 18 (e) (/),

132 (2), 134,

137, sch. 10,

para. 26, sch.

12, pts. I and

VI.

56 & 56 Vict.:

e. 51

Education and

Local Taxation

Account (Scotland) Act, 1892.

Repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 53

Public Libraries

Act, 1892.

S. 13 (2) (6) in part repealed

(prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt.

VII.

c. 55

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

S. 81 repealed (prosp.), s. 78

in part excluded.

25, ss. 3 (3), 79,

80 (2), sch. 9.

c. 57

Private Street

Works Act, 1892.

Functions of surveyor extended (prosp.).

17, ss. 30 (3),

36 (2) (c), sch.

1, pt, I.

66 & 57 Vict.:

c. 69

Savings Banks Act,

1893.

Ss. 4, 5 (1) repealed -

27, s. 20, sch.

c. 73

Local Government

Act, 1894.

Ss. 6 (1) (d), 12 (1) in part,

16 (2), 24 (2) and in part 1

(4), 25 (1) in part, 25 (4),

29 provisos (a) (c) (d), i

36 (6) (9) and in part (10) |

and (11), 52 (1) repealed,

bs. 57-8 applied as modified, s. 8 (1) (i), extended,

s. 59 (3) restricted, ss. 8 (2)

46 saved, s. 63 made

applicable by order functions under s. 25 (2) modified (prosp.).

17, ss. 10 (3), 30

(3), 40-1, 67(3),

63 (6), 115 (2)

(3), 132 (2),

134, 137, sch.

1, pt. I, sch. 10,

para. 14, sch.

12, pts. I, III,

IV, V and VII.

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

lv

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 6.

67 & 58 Vict.:

c. 12

Indian Railways

Act, 1894.

Saved ....

23, 8.54 (1) (h).

c. 30

Finance Act, 1894 -

S. 19 except as to Scotland

repealed (prosp.).

S. 19 as to Scotland repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

25 ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

e. 53

London (Equalisation of Rates)

Act, 1894.

Repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 98, 134,

137, sch. 12,

pt. VI.

c. 67

Diseases of Animals

Act, 1894.

As respects Great Britain,

ss. 18 (1) in part, 18 (2),

sch. 2, paras. 3-6 repealed

(prosp.).

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) transferred (prosp.).

17, ss. 85 (4),

134, 137, sch.

3, para. 1, sch.

12, pt. VI.

25, ss. 2 (1) (b)

(2), 80 (2), sch.

1, pts. I and II.

c. 68

Local Government

(Scotland) Act,

1894.

Ss. 30 (6) in part, 32, 36,

38 (1) repealed, 27 (1)

amended, parish councils '

functions under pt. IV

and in part pt. V transferred, Act applied

(prosp.).

25, ss. 1 (1) (2)

(«) (6), 18 (6),

26 (4), 26 (3)

(5) (6), 79, 80

(2), sch. 9.

68 & 59 Vict.:

c. 32

Local Government

(Stock Transfer)

Act, 1895.

Applied ....

17, s. 132 (1),

sch. 9, pt. I,

para. 1 (c).

69 & 60 Vict.:

c. 16

Agricultural Rates

Act, 1896.

Repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

c. 26

Friendly Societies

Act, 1896.

S. 63 excluded (registered

friendly societies), ss. 63-6

excluded (repayment of

premiums), s. 84 (offences)

extended (but not as to

N. I.).

28, ss. 1 (3), 2,

3 (1) (4), 6.

c. 37

Agricultural Rates

Congested Districts and Burgh

Land Tax Relief

(Scotland) Act,

1896.

Repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 45

Stannaries Jurisdiction (Abolition)

Act, 1896.

Saved ....

23, ss. 163 (5),

385 (2).

c. 48

Light Railways

Act, 1896.

S. 12 (2) proviso repealed -

21, ss. 3, 6, sch.

c. 60

Poor Law Officers ’

Superannuation

Act, 1896.

Act (save as continuing

under Loc. Govt. Act,

1929, to apply to transferred officers and save as

applying to officers under

some other enactment),

except s. 16, repealed

(prosp.).

17, ss. 122, 124-5,

134, 137, sch.

12, pt. I.

lvi

Effect of Legislation.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

60*61 Vict.:

c. 28

Poor Law Officers ’

Superannuation

Act Amdt. Act,

1897.

Repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch.^2, pt. I.

c. 38

Public Health

(Scotland) Act,

1897.

S. 137 in part, 138 as to

small burghs, repealed,

ss. 183-7 applied (prosp.).

25, ss. 18 (4), 26

(8), 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

e. 49

Parish Councils

Casual Vacancies

(Scotland) Act,

1897.

Repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 53

Congested Districts (Scotland)

Act, 1897.

S. 3 para. (1) repealed

(prosp.).

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

61*62 Vict.:

c. 36

Criminal Evidence

Act, 1898.

S. 4 and sch. extended

34, s. 2 (5).

c. 46

Revenue Act, 1893

S. 18 repealed •

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2, pt. I.

c. 54

Public Works

Loans Act, 1898.

S. 3 repealed (E.) (prosp.) -

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

c. 56

Local Taxation

Account (Scotland) Act, 1898.

Repealed (prosp.)

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

62*63 Vict.:

1

c. 14

London Government Act, 1899.

Ss. 11 (2) in part 11 (3)(/) in

part and 13 repealed

(prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pts. 1

and VI.

c. 17

Tithe Rentcharge

(Rates) Act, 1899.

Repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

c. 44

Small Dwellings

Acquisition Act,

1899.

S. 9 (6) repealed (E.)(prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. V.

63 & 64 Vict.

c. 49

Town Councils

(Scotland) Act,

1900.

Ss. 94-5, 96 in part, repealed, ss. 11, 17, 19, &c.,

amended, 13 (3)—(5) extended (prosp.).

25, ss. 12 (8) (9),

36, 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

1 Edw. 7:

c. 22

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) under

s. 110 transferred (prosp.).

S. 95 amended, ss. 90-2, 94

and sch. 4 as to cotton

cloth factories repealed

(except as to N. I.).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

15, ss. 1 (2), 3 (4)

(5).

c. 26

Births and Deaths

Registration Act,

1901.

Repealed (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

2 Edw. 7.:

c. 8

Cremation Act,

1902.

Local authorities’ functions

(Scotland) transferred

(prosp.).

25, ss. 1(1), 2(1)

(e), 80 (2).

c. 17

Mid wives Act, 1902

S. 8, how far extended to

district councils, see

17, s. 62.

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

lvii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

3 Edw. 7:

c. 14

c. 25 •-

c. 33

o. 34

c. 46

4 Edw. 7:

c. 8

5 Edw. 7:

c. 18

7 Edw. 7:

c. 13

c. 40

c. 53

8 Edw. 7:

c. 16

e. 36

c. 40

c. 48

c. 52

e. 63

c. 67

c. 69

Borough Funds

Act, 1903.

Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903.

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903.

Town Councils

(Scotland) Act,

1903.

Revenue Act, 1903

Savings Banks Act,

1904.

Unemployed Work-

men Act, 1905.

Finance Act, 1907 •

Notification of

Births Act, 1907.

Public Health Acts

Amendment Act,

1907.

Finance Act, 1908 -

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act,

1S03.

Old Age Pensions

Act, 1908.

Post Office Act,

1908.

Post Office Savings

Bank (Public

Trustee) Act, 1908.

Education (Scotland) Act, 1908. -

Children Act, 1908-

Companies (Consolidation) Act,

1908.

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Extended, s. 1 restricted

(prosp.).

Functions under s. 79

transferred (prosp.).

S. 59 amended, local authorities’ functions under 8.

54 (ice cream) transferred

(prosp.).

S. 7 in part repealed

(prosp.).

17, ss. 55, 134.

25, ss. 1 (2) (d),

80 (2).

25, ss. 2 (1) (b),

26 (9), 80 (2),

sch. 1, pt. I.

25, ss. 10 (4) (8).

79, 80 (2) sell.

9.

Ss. 15 and in part 16, re

pealed.

29, ss. 36, 66, 70,

sch. 2, pts. I

and II.

S. 3 and (prosp.) in part

s. 4 repealed, ss. 4, 6 (1)

amended.

27, ss. 6 (2) 8(1),

16 (14), 20, sch.

Repealed (E.) (prosp.)

Repealed as to Scotland

(prosp.).

17, ss. 12, 134,

137, sch. 12,

pt I.

25, ss. 39, 79, 80

(2), sch. 9.

S. 17 and sch. 2 repealed

except as to Scotland

(prosp.).

S. 17, sch. 2 repealed as to

Scotland (prosp.).

Power to adapt Act extended.

Functions under sa. 18-20,

29, 47 modified, s. 95

applied (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

17, s 61.

17, ss. 30 (3), 31,

36, 53 (2). 134,

sch. 1, pts. I,

II, III and V.

S. 6 (3) repealed (prosp.) -

Ss. 52 (1) proviso, 53 (4) (6)

in part, repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. V

S. 3 (1) (a) (as substituted

by 9 & 10 Geo. 6, c. 102.

s. 3 (1)) amended (prosp.).

Functions under s. 49

transferred (Scotland)

(prosp.).

Act repealed

(E.), 17, s. 11.

(S.) c. 25, ss. 30,

80 (2).

25, ss. 1 (2) (e),

80 (2).

27, s. 20, sch.

S. 3 (7) in part, 15 in part.

23 (1) (2) (6), 25 repealed

(prosp, ).

S. 108 (12) repealed, functions under pt. I transferred (E.) (prosp.).

Repealed (save as to N.I.

as stated) (prosp.).

25. ss. 17 (3), 79,

80 (2), sch. 9.

17, ss. 2(a), 134,

137, sch. 12,

pt. I.

23. ss. 381, 384,

385 (2), sch. 12,

pt. I.

lviii

Effect of Legislation. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 10

Superannuation

Act, 1909.

Applied to diplomatic service.

11 .

c. 44

Housing, Town

Planning, &c.

Act, 1909.

S. 71 varied (prosp.) -

17, s* 14 (3),

134.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5:

c. 8

Finance (1909-10)

Act, 1910.

Ss. 47 (2), and, except as to

Scotland, 88 (1), repealed

(prosp.).

S. 88 (1) as to Scotland

repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

25, bs. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

1 <fc 2 Geo. 5:

c. 2

Revenue Act, 1911-

S. 17, except as to Scotland,

repealed (prosp.).

S. 17 as to Scotland and

s. 18 (2) repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 6

Perjury Act, 1911 -

Saved -

23, s. 362.

c. 21

Factory and Workshop (Cotton

Cloth Factories)

Act, 1911.

Repealed with saving (except as to N.I.).

15, s. 3 (4) (5).

c. 24

Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act,

1911.

Ss. 5 (2) in part and 12 (2)

(a) repealed, 2 (2) and 4

amended, 6 substituted,

5 (2) and 12 (1) explained.

16, ss. 1, 5-7, 8

(3), 10 (3), sch.

c. 49

Small Landholders

(Scotland) Act,

1911.

S. 5 para (a) repealed

(prosp.).

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 53

House Lotting and

Rating (Scotland) Act, 1911.

S. 7, para. 6 amended

(prosp.).

25, ss. 20, 80 (2).

c. 55

National Insurance

Act, 1911.

S. 64 (3 ).—See

25, ss. 11 (8),

80 (2).

2&3 Geo.5:

c. 4

Metropolitan Police

Act, 1912.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

c. 26

Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) (Amendment) Act, 1913.

Repealed -

16, s. 10 (3), sch.

3&4 Geo.5:

Foreign Jurisdiction Act, 1913.

c. 16

Sch. from " 8 Edw. 7 " repealed (prosp.).

23, as. 381, 384,

385 (2), sch. 12,

pt. I. See s.

106.

c. 19

Local Government

(Adjustments)

Act, 1913.

S. 1 (1) amended, sch., pt.

1 substituted (prosp.).

17, ss. 108 (2),

117 (4), 134.

c. 20

Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

Ss. 45-62, 96, 105, 108-113,

116, 153 applied.

23, ss. 263, 270

(1) (c), 286,

385 (2).

c. 21

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1913.

S. 1 extended -

8, s. 2.

c. 25

Companies Act,

1913.

Repealed (prosp.) (save as

to N.I.).

23, ss. 381, 384,

385 (2), sch.

12, pt. I.

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

lix

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

3&4 Geo.5:

c. 28

Mental Deficiency

Act, 1913.

S. 30 proviso (i) and in part

(ii), 33 (3), 47-8 repealed

(prosp.).

17, ss. 14 (4),

134, 137, sch.

12, pts. I, V

and VI. And

see ss. 5 (1)

(assistance )and

14 (5) (committees).

e. 37

National Insurance

Act, 1913.

S. 42 (2).—See

S. 41 (4) repealed (prosp.) -

17, ss. 102 (3),

128 (2), 134,

sch. 4, pt. II,

para. 5.

25, 83. 11 (8), 79,

80 (2), sch. 9.

c. 38

Mental Deficiency

and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

Ss. 22, 26 in part, 27 as to

parish councils, 37-8, 64

except (4), 65, 67 repealed (prosp.).

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9. See

also s. 18 (3)

(expenses).

4&6 Geo.5:

e. 39

County, Town and

Parish Councils

(Qualification) (S.)

Act, 1914.

S. 1 repealed in part

(prosp.).

25, ss. 9 (2), 80

(2).

c. 46

Milk and Dairies

(Scotland) Act,

1914.

Local authorities’ functions transferred (prosp.).

Applied to artificial cream

(see terms).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

32, s. 7 (a).

c. 91

Welsh Church

Act, 1914.

See ....

17, s. 85 (4), sch.

3, para. 2.

5&6 Geo.5:

c. 62

Finance Act, 1915 -

S. 25 (2) repealed

29, ss. 36, 70,

sch. 2. pt. I.

o. 66

Milk and Dairies

(Consolidation)

Act, 1915.

Applied to artificial cream

(see terms).

32, s. 3.

c. 74

Police Magistrates

(Superannuation)

Act, 1915.

As to Chatham and Sheerness, vacancy, see

S. 1 (7) in part repealed,

1 (1) (c) substituted, 1 (3)

(5) amended.

30.

37.

c. 91

Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915.

Local authorities’ functions transferred (prosp.).

25, ss. 2 (1) (5),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 93

War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915.

S. 1 amended and extended,

Act (as amended) extended to Isle of Man.

27, s. 12 (1) (3)

(6).

6&7 Geo.5:

c. 12

Local Government

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

Ss. 7, 9, 13(3) repealed (E.)

(prosp.).

S. 22 para. (3) repealed,

local authorities' func- i

tions in Scotland under

s. 6, para, (b) transferred

(prosp.). l

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pts. I

and VI.

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

79, 80 (2), schs.

1, pt. I, 9.

c. 31

Police, Factories,

&c. (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act,

1916.

S. 4 repealed (prosp.) -

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

c. 55

Local Government

(Emergency Provisions) (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

Repealed (E.) (prosp.)

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

lx

Effect of Legislation. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 21

Venereal Disease

Act, 1917.

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) transferred (prosp.).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. 10

c. 28

Companies (Particulars as to

Directors) Act,

1917.

Repealed (prosp.) (save as

to N.I.).

23, ss. 381, 384,

385 (2), sch.

12:and see

ss. 344 (3), 345.

c. 64

Representation of the People Act,

1918.

S. 41 (9) substituted as to

England (prosp.).

S. 43 (8) amended (prosp.) -

17, ss. 80, 134.

25, ss. 3 (7), 80

< 2) '

20, ss. 4-6, sch.

2.

— -

Air Force Act

Continued, ss. 78 (2), 79 (1),

84 (1) and 145 amended.

8 & 9 Geo. 6:

c. 4

Trustee Savings

Banks Act, 1918.

Ss. 3 (2) repealed, 1 (2) (d)

excluded.

27, ss. 6 (1), 20,

sch.

e. 25

War Loan Act,

1918.

S. 2 amended -

27, s. 12 (1).

c. 29

Maternity and

Child Welfare

Act, 1918.

Functions of authorities

(England) transferred,

&c. (prosp.) see

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) transferred (prosp.).

17, ss. 2 (a), 59,

60, 62, 134:see

also ss. 5 (1)

(3), 93, 101.

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 39 -

Education Act,

1918.

S. 42 (1) (a) amended

(prosp.).

17, ss. 82 (2),

134.

c. 48

Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

Ss. 1, 2, 5 proviso, 12, 13

(4), 22-3, 31 para. (5),

seh. 1, sch. 2 except para.

12, repealed, s. 24 (1)

applied (prosp.).

25, ss. 12 (3) (c),

18 (5), 79, 80

(2), sch. 9:see

also s. 12 (3)

(b). (4) (h), (?)

(iii), 31.

9 & 10

Geo. 5:

c. 20

Scottish Board of

Health Act, 1919.

Sch. 1 applied to transfer

of local authorities’ functions.

25, ss. 5, 80 (2).

c. 46 •

Police Act, 1919 -

Ss. 8 repealed, 7 amended

(prosp.).

17, ss. 132 (2)

134, 137. sch.

10, para. 5,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

c. 50

Ministry of Transport Act, 1919.

S. 20 extended (prosp.)

Ss. 3 (1) (d), 20 and sch. 2

applied.

17, es. 129 (2),

134.

33, ss. 3 (2) (/),

9 (1), 10 (3).

c. 72

c. 76

Rats and Miee (Destruction) Act,

1919.

Church of England

Assembly (Powers) Act, 1919.

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) transferred (prosp.).

Meaning of " Constitution "

extended by Representation of the Laity Measure

(19 & 20 Geo. 5, No. 2)

s. 3(1).

25, ss. 2 (1) (<>).

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 92

Aliens’ Restriction

(Amendmen t)

Act, 1919.

S. 1 continued to Dec. 31,

1929.

3, s. 1 (1), sch.,

pt. I.

c. 93

Public Libraries

Act, 1919.

S. 1 (3) proviso in part

repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. V.

e. 100 -

Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919.

S. 16 amended (E.S.) •

4.

c. 102 •

Old Age Pensions

Act, 1919.

S. 3 (1) amended (prosp.) -

(E.) 17, s. 11-

(S.) 25. s. 30.

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

lxi

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

c. 12

Savings Banks Act,

1920.

Ss. 1 (1) (2) (c), and 8

repealed in part, s. 1 (1)

proviso amended.

27, ss. 10 (4),

20, sch.

c. 17

Increase of Rent

and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

Continued to Dec. 25, 1929,

for E. and May 28, 1930,

for S.

i

3, s. 1 (4), sch.,

pt. IV.

c. 28

Gas Regulation

Act, 1920.

Ss. 1 (3) (7), 4 (3) (6), 6 (2),

9 (1), 18 amended, ss. 1.

(4), 2, 6-7 and 9 applied,

10 extended (save as to

N.I.).

24, 88. 6 (2) (3),

7, 8, 10 (3),

sch.

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

S. 26 (l)-(3) repealed

(prosp.).—(save as to

N.I.).

23, ss. 381, 384,

385 (2), sch.

12, pt. I. See

s. 264 (1).

o. 49

Blind Persons Act,

1920.

S. 2 (3) from " and money "

repealed (prosp.).

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) transferred (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. V.

And aee s. 5 (1)

(assistance).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6).

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 72

Roads Act, 1920 -

S. 2 (2) and in part (3)

repealed, s. 2 (3) (temp.)

amended, as to E.(prosp.).

S. 2 (2) and in part (3)

repealed as to Scotland

(prosp.).

17, ss. 87 (2),

134, 137, sch.

12, pt. VI.

25, ss. 54 (2), 79,

80 (2), sch. 9.

11 & 12

Geo. 5:

c. 1

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921

S. 5 (1), limit on outstanding advances, amended.

1.

c. 12

Public Health

(Tuberculosis)

Act, 1921.

S. 1 (2) in part repealed,

power to prescribe

officers’ qualifications

(prosp.).

17, ss. 59, 134,

137, sch. 12,

pt. VI. And

see s. 6 (1)

(assistance).

c. 15

Unemployment Insurance Act (No.

2) Act, 1921.

S. 4, increased limit on outstanding advances, superseded.

1.

c. 23

Public Health

(Officers) Act,

1921.

Ss. 6 and in part 1 and 2

repealed (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

c. 26

Overseas Trade

(Credits and Insurance) Amendment Act, 1921.

Period of operation of

guarantee extended.

12.

c. 31

Police Pensions

Act, 1921.

S. 22 (3) (5) and in part (4)

repealed as to E. (prosp.).

S. 22 (3) repealed as to

Scotland (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

26, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c. 32

Finance Act, 1921 -

S. 62 repealed as to E.

(prosp.).

S. 6 (1) (a) (3) repealed

Sch. 3 para. 1 in part repealed, new proviso (a)

substituted.

3 L

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

21, ss. 3, 6, sch.

27, ss. 12 (4), 20,

sch.

lxii

Effect of Legislation.

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

11 & 12

Geo. 5.:

c. 51

Education Act,

Ss. 70 (1) in part, 132 (2)

17, as. 132 (2),

1921.

repealed, s. 122 (2) substi-

134, 1#7, sch.

tuted (prosp.).

10 para. 15,

sch. 12, pts.

•vre r. 5 (1)

(assistance).

e. 58

Trusts (Scotland)

8. 10 (investments) ex-

13, s. 3.

Act, 1921.

tended.

c. 64

Poor Law Emer-

Loans under s. 2 —sec

25, s. 24.

genoy Provisions

(Scotland) Act,

1921.

c. 67

Local Authorities

Ss. 1, 2 (2), 3 (4) rejiealed.

17. ss. 71 (2),

(Financial Provi-

liability under s. re-

114. 134, 137,

sions) Act, 1921.

lieved, s. 6 (2) superseded,

(E.) (prosp.).

sch. 12, pt. 1.

12 A 13

Geo. 5:

c. 7

Unemployment In-

S. 7 superseded

1 .

suranee Act, 1922.

e. 11

Juries Act, 1922 -

8. 1 (2) (5) extended (prosp.)

17, s. 79(2).

o. 14

Audit (Local Au-

S. 1 (2) repealed (prosp.) -

17, ss. 134, 137,

thorities, &c.)

Act, 1922.

sch. 12, pt. 1.

c. 18

Infanticide Act,

Power to conviet of child

34, s. 2 (2).

1922.

destruction on charge

under—see

o. 51

Allotments Act,

8. 10 excluded (prosp.)

17, s. 132 (2),

1922.

sch. 10, para,

lb.

c. 54

Milk and Dairies

Lopal authorities’ func-

25, ss. 2(1) (5),

(Amendment)

tions (Scotland) trails-

80 (2), sch. 1,

Act, 1922.

ferred (prosp.).

pt. I..

c. 51)

Local Government

8. 27 repealed, Act applied

17, ss. 124, 125,

and other Officers ’

as modified (10.) (prosp.).

134, 137, sch.

Superannuat ion

12, pt. I.

Act, 1922.

As to Scotland, see

25, a. 7 (1) (h),

&t*.

13 & 14

Geo. 5:

e. H

Local Authorities

8. 1 rejHjaled (prosp.)

17, ss. 74 (2),

(Emergency Pro-

134, 137, sch.

visions) Act, 1923.

12, pt. I; and

see s. 132 (1),

sch. 9, pt. I,

para. 8.

c. 8

Industrial As.su-

8. 4 (2) applied (registered

28, pr. 1 (3), 2,

ranee Act, PJ-.’i.

friendly aooieties) and excluded (repayment of pre-

»(1>(4)(5), 5.

miums), s. 39 (offences)

and sch. 4 (last 4 rules)

extended (but not as to

i . N.I.).

A.D. 1920.

Effect of Legislation,

lxiii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

13 & 14

Geo. 6;

e. 9

c. 10

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923.

Agricultural Holdings (Scotland)

Act, 1923.

S. 12 (5) (b):see,

S. 12 (0) extended (prosp.) -

17, s. 132 (2),

sch. 10, para.

17.

25. ss. 47 (2), 80

(2), and see s.

48.

1<»

Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries

Act, 1923.

S. 32 (1 A) and (1 b) added -

33-

38

Education (Institution Children)

Act, 1923.

Ss. 1, 2:bee

17, s. 132 (2),

sch. 10, para.

) 8.

e.

39

Agricultural Rates I

Act, 1923.

Repealed as to E. (prosp.) -

Act (so far as unrepealed)

repealed as to Scotland

(prosp.).,

17, ss. 134, 137,

jch. 12.pt, VI.

23, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

14 & 15

Geo. 5:

c. 3

Diseases of Animals

Act, 1924.

1

• i

Repealed as to Great Britain (prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

138 (2), sch. 12,

pt. VI.

c.

14

West Indian Islands (Telegraph)

Act, 1924.

Ss. 1, 3-6 (March 31, 1928)

and whole Act (prosp.)

repealed,

7, .ss. 2 (c), 3.

c.

21

Finance Act, 1924 -

S. 39 repealed •

29, ss. 66, 70,

Sch. 2, pt. II.

c.

34

London Traffic

Act, 1924.

Continued to December 31,

1931.

3, s. 1 (2), sch.,

pt. II.

c*.

38

National Health

Insurance Act,

1924.

S. 107 (6) as to E. (prosp.)-

S. 106 repealed (prosp.) -

17 1 ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

23^ ss. 381, 385

(2), sch. 12, pt.

I: see s. 264

(; !)• .

S. 107 (6) as to Scotland

and s. 116 (2) (a) repealed

(prosp.).

25, ss. 79, 80 (2),

sch. 9.

15 & 16

Geo. 5:

c. 10

i

Agricultural Rates

(AdditionalG rant)

Continuance Act,

1926.

1

Act repealed except as to

Scotland (prosp.).

Act repealed as to Scotland

(prosp.).

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

25, ss. 79; 80 (2),

sch. 9.

c.

16

i

Town Planning

Act, 1926.

Ss. 3 am., 2 (joint action)

extended, functions made

transferable (prosp.).

17, ss. 40-5, 134.

lxiv

Effect of Legislation. 19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

15 & 16

Geo. 5:

c. 17

Town Planning

Local authorities’ functions

25, ss. 2(1) (6),

(Scotland) Act,

transferred (prosp.).

80 (2* seh. 1,

1926.

pt. I.

e. 19

Trustee Act, 1925 •

S. 1 (investments) extended

13, s. 3.

c. 20

Law of Property

S. 146 amended

9.

Act, 1926.

c. 33

Church of Scotland

Ss. 32 in part and 43 re-

25, ss. 1 (1), 18

(Property and

pealed, local authorities ’

(6), 79, 80 (2),

Endowments ) Act,

functions transferred

sch. 9.

1926.

(prosp.).

e. 34

Northern Ireland

Ss. 23 (3), 35, and pt. II

14.

Land Act, 1925.

generally, amended, s. 23

(2) excluded.

e. 36

Finance Act, 1925

S. 7 continued -

21, s. 4.

c. 47

Fire Brigade Pen-

S. 18 (1) (2) amended, (3)

35. .

sion8 Act, 1925.

added.

e. 49

Supreme Court of

Ss. 57, 60 a, See. saved

23, ss. 164 (1),

Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

1916.

385 (2).

c. 59

Teachers (Super-

S. 2 (1) (a) in part repealed.

17, ss. 124 (5),

annuation) Act,

2 (1) (b) (i) amended. Act

132 (2), 134,

1925.

applied (prosp.).

137, seh. 10,

paia. 19, sch.

12, pt. VII.

c. 70

Widows’, Orphans ’

Sch. 3, para. 1 amended

(E.) 17, s. 11.

and Old Age Con-

(prosp.).

(S.) 25, ss. 30,

tributory Pensions Act, 1925.

80 (2).

c. 71

Public Health

Functions under ss. 21-2,

17, ss. 14 (1), 30

Act, 1925.

25, 27, 28, 30-2, 35 modi-

(3), 31, 36, 134,

fled, s. 64 extended

sch. 1, pts. I,

(prosp.).

III and IV.

c. 75

Public Health

Local authorities’ fune-

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

(Scotland) Amendment Act, 1925.

tions transferred (prosp.).

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I. '

c. 82

Roads and Streets

As to repayments, see

25, ss. 6 (3), 80

in Police Burghs

(Scotland) Act,

(2).

1925.

o. 84

Workmen’s Compensation Act,

S. 7 (3) in part, (4), (5) in

23, ss. 381, 385

part, and (6) repealed

(2), sch 12, pt.

1925.

(prosp.).

I: see s. 264

(2).

c. 87

Tithe Act, 1925 -

S. 7 (3) repealed, s. 17 (2)

17, ss. 132 (2)

amended (prosp.).

134, 137, sch.

10, para. 20,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

e. 89

Education (Scot-

S. 2 repealed (prosp.) •

26, ss. 79, 8ft (2),

land) Act, 1925.

sch. 9.

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

lxv

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 6.

15 & 16

Geo. 5:

c. 90

Hating and Valua-

S. 69, (2) (6), ich. 2, pt. I,

17, ss. 15, 67, 70

l

16 & 17

Geo. 6:

tion Act, 1925.

para. (8) repealed, ss. 3 (2),

9 (2), 10 (2), 11 (1), 16 (2)

(4) (7) (8), 17 (4), 20 (1),

22 (2), 37 (10), 68 (1), sch.

2, pt. II amended, s. 17

(3) substituted, s. 37 restricted (prosp.).

(2) (3), 71, 134,

137.sch.12, pts

I, V and VI:

and see s. 38

(!)•

e. a

Trade Facilities

Act, 1926.

Ss. 1 (2), 2 (guarantee

periods) further extended.

12.

c. 4.

Unemployment Insurance (Northern Ireland

Agreement) Act,

1926.

Agreement confirmed, &e.

i

18.

c. 9

Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926.

S. 13 (3) amended and

applied.

23, ss. 136J(4),

277 (8), 385

(2): and see

s. 301 (3).

c. 20

Boards of Guardians (Default)

Act, 1926.

See •

17, s. 20.

e. 22

B’inanee Act, 1926 -

Ss. 16 (1) (a), (3) (4), 16(1)

in part and (2>—(4), 17 (2)

(a), 18 in part, repealed.

Act in part applied as to

income tax for 1928-29.

21, ss. 1 (2), 2, 6,

sch.

c. 46

Fertilisers and

Feeding Stuffs

Act, 1926.

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) transferred (prosp.).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 47

Bating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ss. 2 except (4), 6, 8, 10, 13,

18, 25 (1) (4) (6), and in

part 29 (1), repealed, 14

(1), &c., and sch. 1

amended, ss. 12 (5) (6),

22 (1), 27, sch. 2 applied

(prosp.).

25, ss. 3 (2), 7

(1), 19 (4), 21

(1), 44, 45 (2),

49 (1), 79, 80

(2), sch. 9.

c. 48

Births and Deaths

Registration Act,

1926.

Construction of Act: see

17, s. 28 (1).

e. 64

17 & 18

Geo. 6:

Wireless Telegraphy (Blind

Persons Facilities)

Act, 1926.

Local authorities’ functions (Scotland) transferred (prosp.).

25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

c. 9

Pacific Cable Act,

1927.

t

Ss. 3-7 (March 31, 1928)

and whole Act (prosp.)

repealed.

7, ss. 1 (c), 3.

c. 10

Finance Act, 1927 •

S. 18 repealed. Act in part

applied as to income tax

for 1928-29. '•

21, ss. 1 (2), 2,

6, sch.

lxvi

Effect of Legislation

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

17 & 18

Geo. 6:

c. 14

c. 17

c. 30

c. 33

18 & 19

Geo. 5:

c. a

e. 14

c. 17

Poor Law Aet, 1927

Midwives and Maternity Homes

(Scotland) Act,

1927.

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1927.

Mental Deficiency

Act, 1927.

Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1928.

National Health

Insurance Act,

1928.

Finance Act, 1928

Sr. 2 (2) (3), 3-5, 7, 11-3,

17-20, 28, 33, 83, 133-44,

146, 149-53, 154 (1), 156,

159, 160 (1) (2) (4). 161,

163-4, 160-9, 171 (6), 175-

82, 185, 187 (3), 190 (1)

proviso and (5), 191, 193-

206, 208, 212(1) (d)(2) (3),

220, 225 (2), 226 (3), 237-

40, schs. 1-4, 7-9 repealed,

ss. 6, 9, 10, 14-6 and 27

repealed save as applied

by any other enactment,

ss. 35-7, 46 (1), 49 (1), 52,

73(1), 88(2), 102, 108(1),

116 (5), 119 (1), 120-1,

123 (1) (2), 124 (5) (o),

128 (1) (4), 148, 157 (5),

170 (2), 171 (5), 172, 186

(1), 187 (1), 207, 209, 210,

214 (1), 222, 223 (5) (a),

228, 236 (2) amended, ss.

2 (1), 225 substituted, s.

223 (2)-(4) extended, ss.

29-32 and 224 excluded,

s. 6 (as applied by 56 & 67

Vict. c. 73, s. '24 (4))

amended, b. 34 saved

(prosp.).

Repeal of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101

declared not to affect

application of s. 70 thereof to bastardy proceedings.

Local authorities’ functions transferred (prosp.).

S. 14 (2) amended

Sch. 4 so far as amending

10 & 11 Geo. 6, c. 30, s.26,

repealed (prosp.).

S. 7 (2) (ii) repealed (prosp.)

S. 2 repealed (prosp.) -

S. 19 (a) repealed (prosp.) -

Ss. 1, 14 repealed, Act in

part applied as to in-

come tax for 1928-29,

129^1), 132(2),

134, 137, sell.

10, paras. 21-2,

sch. 12, pt. I.

38.

25. ss. 2 (1) (6),

80 (2), sch. 1,

pt. I.

19.

23, ss. 381, 385

(2), sch. 12,

pt. I.

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. VI.

17, ss. 134, 137,

sch. 12, pt. I.

23, ss. 381, 385

(2), sch. 12,

pt. I.

21, ss. 1 (2), 2,

5, 6, sch.

A.D. 1929.

Effect of Legislation.

lxvii

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

19 & 20 Geo. 5.

18 & 19

Geo. 5:

e. 27

Petroleum (ConLocal authorities’ func25, rs. 2 (1) (6),

solidation) Act,

tions (Scotland), except

80 (2), seh. 1,

1928.

under s. 11, transferred

(prosp.).

pt. I.

c. 30

Educational EnSaved

25, ss. 6 (2),

dowments (Scotland) Act, 1928.

80 (2).

c. 31

Food and Drugs

Local authorities’ func25, ss. 2 (1) (6),

(Adulteration)

tions (Scotland) trans80 (2), sch. 1,

Act, 1928.

ferred (prosp.).

pt. I.

Ss. 27 (6), 29 and 30

32, ss. 4, 5 (3),

applied as scheduled,

local authorities’ powers

6, sch.

extended, &c.

e. 44

Rating and ValuaS. 3 (2) amended. Act ex17, ss. 67, 69,

tion (Apportioncluded, temporary provi70 (4), 132 (1),

ment) Act, 1928.

sions made for special

134, seh. 9,

lists, &c. (E.) (prosp.).

pt. II.

Amended (S.) (prosp.)

25, ss. 46, 80 (2).

c. 45

Companies Act,

Repealed (prosp.) •

i

23. ss. 381, 385

1928.

(2), sch. 12, pt.

I.

TABLE IV

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

19 & 20 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1928-9.

[Index removed.]

