THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

and the

Church Assembly Measures

1942

Being those which received the Royal Assent

in the

Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His Majesty

King George The Sixth

In the Seventh and Part of the Eighth Session of the Thirty-Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

with

Tables of the Short Titles and of The Effect of Legislation and an Index

Printed by His Majesty's Stationery Office and Published by THE PROPRIETORS OF THE LAW JOURNAL REPORTS at 119 & 120, Chancery Lane, London

CONTENTS

Page

Table I. — Chronological List of Short Titles of the Public General Acts of 1942 - c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1942

5 & 6 Geo. 6, cc. 5-40 - 1

6 & 7 Geo. 6, cc. 1-3 - 236

Table II.—Chronological List of Short Titles of the Church Assembly Measures of 1942 - i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1942

5 & 6 Geo. 6, Nos. 1 and 2 - ii

Table III.—Effect of Legislation - v

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of 1942 - xv

c

TABLE I.

A CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE SHORT TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1942

Chapter of 5 & 6 Geo. 6.* - Page

5 The Education (Scotland) Act, 1942 - 1

6 The Patents and Designs Act, 1942 - 2

7 The India (Federal Court Judges) Act, 1942 - 8

8 The War Orphans Act, 1942 - 9

9 The Restoration of Pre-War Trade Practices Act, 1942 - 10

10 The Securities (Validation) Act, 1942 - 18

11 The Ministers of the Crown and House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1942 - 19

12 The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1942 - 20

13 The Landlord and Tenant (Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942 - 21

14 The National Loans Act, 1942 - 35

15 The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1942 - 36

16 The Sugar Industry Act, 1942 - 40

17 The Anglo-Venezuelan Treaty (Island of Patos) Act, 1942 - 45

18 The Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve Act, 1942 - 47

19 The Coal (Concurrent Leases) Act, 1942 - 47

20 The Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1942 - 48

21 The Finance Act, 1942 - 49

22 The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1942 - 104

* The following chapters of the session 5 & 6 Geo. 6 were printed in the volume of Public General Acts of 1941:—

1. The Arthur Jenkins Indemnity Act, 1941 (p. 440).

2. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1941 (Session 2) (p. 440).

3. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1941 (p. 442).

4. The National Service (No. 2) Act, 1941 (p. 444).

d Chronological List. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Chapter of 5 & 6 Geo. 6. - Page

23 The Minister of Works and Planning Act, 1942 - 106

24 The Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1942 - 110

25 The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1942 - 111

26 The Pensions (Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942 - 118

27 The Appropriation Act, 1942 - 125

28 The War Damage (Amendment) Act, 1942 - 171

29 The Allied Powers (War Service) Act, 1942 - 209

30 The National Service (Foreign Countries) Act, 1942 - 212

31 The United States of America (Visiting Forces) Act, 1942 - 213

32 The Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1942 -219

33 The Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1942 -220

34 The Appropriation (No. 3) Act, 1942 - 223

35 The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1942 - 227

36 The Courts (Emergency Powers) Amendment Act, 1942 - 229

37 The Prolongation of Parliament Act, 1942 - 231

38 The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1942 - 231

39 The India and Burma (Temporary and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1942 - 232

40 The Welsh Courts Act, 1942 - 235

Chapter of 6 & 7 Geo. 6.

1 The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1942 - 236

2 The Supreme Court (Northern Ireland) Act, 1942 - 239

3 The National Service Act, 1942 - 242

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the law of Scotland regarding the provision by education authorities of food and clothing to school children.

[26th February 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Provision as to supply of food and clothing to school children. 8 Edw. 7. c. 63.]

1. Section six of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1908, is hereby repealed and in lieu thereof the following provisions shall have effect:

(1) An education authority may purchase and provide food for the purpose of supplying meals to children attending any school in their area, both on days when the school meets and on other days.

(2) When it is brought to the notice of an education authority that a child attending a school in their area is unable by reason of lack of food or of clothing to take full advantage of the education provided, the education authority shall make such provision for the child out of the education fund as they deem necessary during such period while the child is attending school (including days when the school does not meet) as they may determine.

(3) Where an education authority make provision for a child in pursuance of this section, they shall be entitled to recover from the parent of the child the expense thereby incurred or, if the authority are satisfied that the parent is unable to pay the whole of that expense, such part thereof, if any, as he is, in the opinion of the authority, able to pay.

[Repeal. 4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 68.]

2. The Education (Scotland) (Provision of Meals) Act, 1914, is hereby repealed.

2 Ch. 5, 6. Education (Scotland) Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

[Interpretation, citation and construction.]

3. — (1) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) a child on attaining the age of five shall, pending his admission to school, be deemed to be attending a school in the area of the authority in which he resides; and

(b) a child for whose education it is the duty of an education authority under any enactment to make special provision shall be deemed to be attending a school in the area of that authority.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Education (Scotland) Act, 1942, and the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1939, and this Act shall be construed as one and may be cited together as the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1942.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to amend the Patents and Designs Acts, 1907 to 1939, as respects the extension of the term of a patent where the patentee has suffered loss by reason of hostilities, as respects the right of the Crown to use inventions and designs, and as respects arrangements with other countries relating to inventions and designs.

[26th February 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Amendments as to extension of patents where loss by reason of hostilities. 7 Edw. 7. c. 29.]

1. — (1) In section eighteen of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907 (which relates to the extension of the term of a patent) the following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (6) (which relates to cases in which the patentee as such has suffered loss or damage by reason of hostilities between His Majesty and any foreign state):—

"(7) Where an application is made under subsection (6) of this section—

(a) the power conferred on the court by the proviso to subsection (1) of this section to allow the application to be made at such time as the court may in its discretion think fit shall be exercisable free from the restriction imposed by that proviso that the time allowed must be not later than the time limited for the expiration of the patent, if the court is satisfied that the allowance of a time later than the expiration thereof is justified by the patentee’s having been prevented from making the application by being on

1942. Patents and Designs Act, 1942. Ch. 6.

active service or by other circumstances arising by reason of hostilities between His Majesty and any foreign state;

(b) an order may be made notwithstanding that the term of the patent may have been previously extended, or that a new patent for the invention may have been previously granted, by one or more orders made under this section, and notwithstanding that the previous order, or one of the previous orders, may have been made otherwise than pursuant to an application under subsection (6) of this section;

(c) the restriction imposed by subsection (5) of this section on the length of the further term for which a patent may be extended shall not have effect, but the term granted by an order, whether by way of extension or grant of a new patent, shall not exceed ten years, and, where two or more orders are made pursuant to applications under subsection (6) of this section in relation to the same invention, the aggregate of the terms thereby granted, whether by way of extension or grant of a new patent, shall not exceed ten years."

(2) In the case of a patent limited to expire after the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and before the expiration of six months from the passing of this Act, an application under subsection (6) of the said section eighteen may be made at any time during the said six months, and the court may allow the application to be made at such time as the court may in its discretion think fit if the court is satisfied that the allowance of a time later than the expiration of the said six months is justified by the applicant’s having been prevented from making the application by being on active service or by other circumstances arising by reason of hostilities between His Majesty and any foreign state.

[Amendments as to right of Crown to use inventions.]

2. — (1) After subsection (1) of section twenty-nine of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907 (which relates to the right of the Crown to use patented inventions) there shall be inserted the following subsections—

"(1A) The power of a Government department under subsection (1) of this section to make, use or exercise an invention for the services of the Crown shall include power during any war period to make, use, exercise or vend an invention, upon such terms as are mentioned in the said subsection (1), for any purpose which appears to the department necessary or expedient for the efficient prosecution of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged or for the maintenance of supplies and services essential to the

4 Ch. 6. Patents and Designs Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

life of the community; and the terms of any such agreement or licence as is mentioned in the said subsection (1) shall be inoperative so far as concerns the making, use, exercise or vending of an invention under this subsection as they are inoperative so far as concerns the making, use or exercise of an invention under that subsection.

(1B) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection the expression 'war period' means the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending with the expiration of

[2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.]

the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or any other period beginning with such date as may be declared by Order in Council to be the commencement, and ending with such date as may be so declared to be the termination, of a war period for the purpose of this section; and nothing in subsection (3) of this section shall affect the right to vend an invention conferred by the last preceding subsection",

and accordingly in subsection (2) of the said section twenty-nine for the words "or exercise" there shall be substituted the words "exercise or vending".

(2) After subsection (3) of the said section twenty-nine (which subsection authorises the sale of articles made in pursuance of the right of the Crown to use an invention which are no longer required for the services of the Crown) there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

"(3A) A purchaser of any articles sold in pursuance of subsection (1A) or subsection (3) of this section, and any person claiming through him, shall have, and be deemed always to have had, power to deal with the articles in like manner as if the patent for the invention were held on behalf of His Majesty."

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

(4) Regulation four of the Defence (Patents, Trade Marks, etc.) Regulations, 1941, is hereby revoked.

[Arrangements with other countries.]

3. — (1) After section ninety-one A of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907 there shall be inserted the following sections:—

[Extension of time for applications under s. 91 in certain cases.]

"91B. — (1) The Board of Trade may, as respects any Convention country, if they are satisfied that provision substantially equivalent to the provision to be made by or under this section has been or will be made under the law of that country, make rules empowering the comptroller to extend the time for making application under section ninety-one of this Act for the granting, in priority to other applicants, of a patent for an invention, or for the registration, in priority

1942. Patents and Designs Act, 1942. Ch. 6. 5

to other applicants, of a design, in any case where the person who applied for protection in the Convention country or his legal representative or assignee has been prevented by the law, or by the action of the government, of the Convention country from making application under the said section ninety-one within the time allowed by that section.

(2) Rules made under this section—

(a) may, where any agreement or arrangement has been made between His Majesty's government in the United Kingdom and the government of the Convention country for the supply or mutual exchange of information or articles, provide, either generally or in any class of case specified in the rules, that an extension of time shall not be granted under this section unless the invention or design has been communicated in accordance with the agreement or arrangement;

(b) may, either generally or in any class of case specified in the rules, fix the maximum extension which may be granted under this section and provide for reducing the term of any patent granted on an application made by virtue of this section, and (notwithstanding anything in section sixty-five of, or the First Schedule to, this Act) vary, with the approval of the Treasury, the times for the payment of renewal fees in respect of such a patent and the amount of such fees;

(c) may prescribe or allow any special procedure in connection with applications made by virtue of this section;

(d) may empower the comptroller, as respects any application made by virtue of this section, to substitute for the period of eighteen months specified in the proviso to subsection (4) of the said section ninety-one (which provides that if on an application under that section for a patent a complete specification is not accepted within eighteen months from the application, or earliest application, for protection in the Convention country, the specification shall be open to public inspection at the end of that period) such other period as appears to him expedient;

(e) may empower the comptroller to extend, subject to such conditions, if any, as may be imposed by or under the rules, the time limited by or under the foregoing provisions of this Act for doing any act in relation to an application made by virtue of this section;

6 Ch. 6. Patents and Designs Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(f) may provide for securing that the rights conferred by a patent granted or registration made on an application made by virtue of this section shall be subject to such restrictions or conditions as may be specified by or under the rules and in particular that where, otherwise than as the result of any communication made in accordance with such an agreement or arrangement as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, and before the date of the application in question or such later date as may be allowed by the niles, either the invention has been made, used, exercised or vended, or the design applied, by any person (including a person acting on behalf of His Majesty), or application fora patent for the invention or for registration of the design has been made by any such person as aforesaid, the rights conferred by a patent granted, or registration made, upon the first-mentioned application shall be subject to such conditions and reservations for the protection of that person as may be specified by or under the rules.

[Provisions as to communication of inventions and designs under agreements with other countries.]

91C. Where an agreement or arrangement has been made between His Majesty’s government in the United Kingdom and the government of another country for the supply or mutual exchange of information or articles, and the Board of Trade are satisfied that provision substantially equivalent to the provision to be made by or under this section has been or will be made under the law of that country, the Board may make rules to secure that the communication, in accordance with the agreement or arrangement, of an invention or design, or the publication, making, use, exercise or vending of an invention, or publication or application of a design, in consequence of such communication, shall not prejudice any application for a patent for the invention or registration of the design, being an application made by a person from whom the invention or design was so communicated or the legal representative or assignee of such a person, or invalidate the grant on such an application of a patent for the invention or the registration on such an application of the design.

[Provisions as to rules under ss. 91B and 91C.]

91D. — (1) Any rules made in pursuance of the last two preceding sections shall be advertised twice in the Official Journal (Patents) and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as practicable after they are made, and if either House of Parliament, within the next forty days after any such rules have been laid before that House, resolves that the rules or any of them are to be annulled, the rules to which the resolution applies shall after the date of such resolution be of no effect, without prejudice to the validity

1942. Patents and Designs Act, 1942. Ch. 6. 7

of anything done in the meantime under the rules or to the making of any new rules.

(2) Rules made by the Board of Trade under either of the last two preceding sections, and any order made, direction given, or other action taken under the rules by the comptroller, may be made, given or taken so as to have effect as respects things done or omitted to be done on or after such date, whether before or after the coming into operation of the rules, as may be specified in the rules."

(2) The power conferred by subsection (2) of the section ninety-one D inserted by this section to specify, in rules made under the section ninety-one B or ninety-one C so inserted, a date before the coming into operation of the rules as the date as from which the rules, and any such order, direction or action as is mentioned in the said subsection (2), will have effect includes power to specify a date before the commencement of this Act.

[Short title, citation, printing and interpretation.]

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Patents and Designs Act, 1942; and the Patents and Designs Acts, 1907 to 1939, and this Act may be cited together as the Patents and Designs Acts, 1907 to 1942.

(2) A copy of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907 with the amendments effected by the amending Acts and by subsection (1) of section one and by sections two and three of this Act shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the Rolls of Parliament, and His Majesty's printer shall print copies of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, in accordance with the copies so certified.

[4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 18. 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 80. 18 Geo. 5. c. 3. 22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 32. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 29. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 32.]

(3) In this section the expression "the amending Acts" means the Patents and Designs Act, 1914, the Patents and Designs Act, 1919, the Patents and Designs (Convention) Act, 1928, the Patents and Designs Act, 1932, the Patents, &c. (International Conventions) Act, 1938 and the Patents and Designs (Limits of Time) Act, 1939.

(4) References in any Act passed before this Act to the Patents and Designs Act, 1907 shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that Act as amended by the amending Acts and this Act.

8 Ch. 7. India (Federal Court Judges) Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to extend the power of the Governor-General of India to make acting appointments of judges of the Federal Court.

[26th February 1942.]

---

Amendment of s. 202 of the Government of India Act, 1935.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 2.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c.5.

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) At the end of section two hundred and two of the Government of India Act, 1935, there shall be added the following subsection:—

" (3) If the Governor-General in his discretion is satisfied, after considering a report from the Chief Justice of India—

(a) that in view of some personal interest which any judge of the Federal Court'has in the decision of any particular case, or of some part which any judge of the Federal Court has already taken, as judge or counsel or otherwise, in or in relation to any particular case (whether or not while it was before the Federal Court), that judge ought not to take part in the hearing and determination thereof, and

(6) that without that judge there are not sufficient judges of the Federal Court available to sit for that purpose,

the Governor-General may in his discretion appoint a judge of a High Court who is duly qualified for appointment as judge of the Federal Court to act temporarily as a judge of that court and the person so appointed shall, unless the Governor-General in his discretion thinks fit to revoke his appointment, be deemed to be a judge of the Federal Court until that case has been heard and determined by the Federal Court."

(2) The amendment made by this Act in the Government of India Act, 1935, shall be deemed to have been made therein immediately before the passing thereof.

(3) A copy of the said Act giving effect to—

(a) the amendments mentioned in subsection (2) of section seventeen of the India and Burma (Miscellaneous Amendments) Act, 1940; and

(6) the amendment made by this Act,

1942.

India ( Federal Court Judges)

Act, 1942. Ch. 7, 8.

9

shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the Rolls of Parliament, and His Majesty's printer shall print in accordance with the copy so certified all copies of the Government of India Act, 1935, which are printed after the said copy has been so prepared, certified and deposited.

2. This Act may be cited as the India (Federal Court Judges) Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend section nine of the War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1918, and for purposes connected therewith.

[26th February 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) The children for the care of whom it shall be the duty of the Minister of Pensions to make provision under section nine of the War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1918, shall include any child in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man to or in respect of whom a pension is being paid on account of the death since the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, of a parent, being a child who is suffering from neglect or want of proper care; and the said section nine and any enactments referring thereto shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Where any child is being cared for under the said section nine, and, while he is being so cared for, the pension in respect of which that section applied to him ceases to be paid by reason of his attaining any age, the duty of the Minister of Pensions under that section shall, unless at any time the Minister considers the child to be no longer in want of such care, continue in relation to him until he attains the age of twenty-one years.

(3) Any expenses incurred by the Minister of Pensions by reason of the addition made by this section to the classes of children for the care of whom it is his duty to make provision or of the extension made by this section in the period for which his duty is to continue in the case of any child shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(4) In this section, the expression "child" means a person to or in respect of whom a pension is being paid as being, within the meaning of the instrument under which the pension is being paid, the child or dependent child or eligible child of any other

Short, title.

Extension of duty of Minister of Pensions to care for orphans.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c- 57-

10

Ch. 8, 9.

War Orphans Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

person, and the expression "parent " shall be construed accordingly; and the expression "pension" means any pension or allowance paid by the Minister of Pensions under any Royal Warrant, Order in Council or Order relating to members of His Majesty’s Naval, Military or Air Forces or to persons employed in the Nursing Service or other Auxiliary Service of any of His Majesty’s said forces, or under any scheme made under the a &3 g«o. 6. c 83. Pensions (Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act, a & 3 Geo. 6. c. 8a. 1939, or the Personal Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939-

Short title 2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the War Orphans Act, 1942.

and repeal.

(2) Section two of the Pensions (Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act, 1939, is hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 9,

Restoration of Pre-War Trade Practices Act, 1942.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Restoration of pre-war practices.

2. Agreements for modification of obligation to restore practices.

3. Settlement of questions.

4. Arbitrations under Act.

5. Offences and penalties.

6. Evidence of awards.

7. Application to the Crown.

8. Application to local authorities.

9. Provisions as to ordrs.

10. Expenses.

11. Interpretation.

12. Application to Scotland.

13. Application to Northern Ireland.

14. Short title.

An Act to make provision with respect to the restoration after the war period of trade practices obtaining before that period.

[26th February 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Restoration 1. — (1) Where during the war period (whether before or

of pre-war after the commencement of this Act) any trade practice obtaining

practices. immediately before that period in any undertaking has been

1942. Restoration of Pre-War Ch. 9. 11

Trade Practices Act, 1942.

departed from in that undertaking, the employer shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be under an obligation—

(a) to restore or permit the restoration of the trade practice before the expiration of two months from the end of the war period; and

(b) to maintain or permit the continuance of the trade

practice for eighteen months from the date when the restoration is effected or the end of the war period, whichever is the later.

(2) Where any undertaking or any branch of an undertaking began to be carried on during the war period (whether before or after the commencement of this Act), the employer shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be under an obligation—

(a) before the expiration of two months from the end of that period, to introduce, or permit the introduction of, such trade practices as obtained immediately before that period in undertakings or branches of undertakings carried on in circumstances most nearly analogous to those of the undertaking or branch in question; and

(b) to maintain, or permit the continuance of, such trade

practices for eighteen months from the date when their introduction is effected or the end of the war period, whichever is the later.

(3) Where, with a view to accelerating the production of munitions of war, any trade practice obtaining in an undertaking on the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, was departed from after that date and before - the beginning of the war period in pursuance or in consequence of a written agreement between an organisation of employers and a trade union, subsection (1) of this section shall apply as if the trade practice had obtained in the undertaking immediately before the war period and had been departed from in the undertaking during that period.

For the purpose of this subsection, the expression " munitions of war " includes the whole or any part of any ship, submarine, aircraft, tank or similar engine, arms and ammunition, torpedo, or mine, intended or adapted for use in war, and any other article, material or device intended for such use.

2. — (1) An agreement may be made in writing as respects Agreements for any undertaking or branch thereof between—

(a) the employer, an organisation of employers of which he to restore is a member, or an association of which such an practices, organisation is a member; and

(b) a trade union whose custom it was before the war period

to maintain a trade practice in that undertaking or

12

Ch. 9.

Restoration of Pre-War

Trade Practices Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Settlement of questions.

branch or in other undertakings or branches of undertakings carried on in circumstances analogous to those of that undertaking or branch, or an association of which such a trade union is a member;

providing for the modification or waiver of the obligation imposed by section one of this Act in relation to that trade practice, or for the reference to arbitration of the question whether the said obligation should be modified or waived:

Provided that no agreement shall be deemed to have been duly made under this subsection unless, before the making thereof, an opportunity of making representations with respect to its terms was given, by the employer, organisation of employers, or association of organisations of employers by whom or by which it was made, to every trade union which was a party to any agreement in writing in pursuance whereof the trade practice was departed from in the undertaking.

(2) Where an agreement has been duly made under the foregoing subsection in relation to any trade practice, or an award has been made in pursuance of such an agreement, the employer shall, so long as he complies with the terms of the agreement or award, be deemed to have discharged the obligation imposed by the said section one in relation to that practice.

(3) The Industrial Court shall have power to deal with any question referred to it in pursuance of an agreement duly made under subsection (1) of this section.

(4) In this section the expression "trade union " does not include a combination of which one of the principal objects is the regulation of relations between masters and masters.

3. — (1) If any question arises as respects any undertaking whether—

(a) any obligation has been imposed on the employer by section one of this Act in relation to any trade practice; or

(&) the employer has discharged any obligation so imposed;

that question may be reported to the Minister by any organisation of employers or trade union which in the opinion of the Minister habitually takes part in the settlement of wages and working conditions in the trade or industry in question.

(2) Where a question is reported to the Minister under this section, he shall deal with it in accordance with the following provisions:—

(a) if in his opinion suitable provisions already exist for the settlement of the question by virtue of any agreement to which the parties are any such organisation of employers and any such trade union as aforesaid, he shall

1942. Restoration of Pre-War Ch. 9.

Trade Practices Act, 1942.

refer the question for settlement in accordance with those provisions;

(b) if in his opinion no such provisions exist, he shall either refer the question to arbitration in accordance with the next following section or take such other steps as appear to him to be expedient for settling it;

(c) where an attempt has been made to settle the question under either of the foregoing paragraphs of this subsection, otherwise than by referring it to arbitration in accordance with the next following section, and in the opinion of the Minister the attempt has failed or is unlikely to succeed within a reasonable time, he shall refer the question to arbitration in accordance with the next following section and revoke any previous reference that may have been made by him.

4. — (1) Any question referred to arbitration in accordance Arbitrations with this section shall be determined by the arbitration of one under Act. or more persons (in this Act referred to as an " arbitration tribunal ") appointed by the Minister.

(2) Where a question is so referred,’the arbitration tribunal shall enter upon and proceed with the reference without delay and make its award within fourteen days from the date when the question was so referred to it or such longer time as may be certified by the award to have been necessary for the proper determination of the question.

(3) If as respects any undertaking the arbitration tribunal finds that any obligation imposed by section one of this Act in relation to a trade practice has not been discharged by the employer, its award—

(a) shall define precisely the nature of the trade practice and state in what respects the employer has failed to discharge the said obligation in relation thereto;

(b) shall state precisely what steps are to be taken by the employer in order to discharge the said obligation in relation to the trade practice;

(c) may be made so as to take effect from the date of the

award, or such earlier date (not being earlier than the date on which the question was reported to the Minister under this Act) as may be specified therein;

(d) may provide for the payment to any person employed in the undertaking of any sum by way of additional remuneration which he would have received if the trade practice had been observed in the undertaking from the time when the award has effect;

(e) shall define the period for which the trade practice

is to be maintained or continued, so that it may be

14

Ch. 9.

Restoration of Pre-War

Trade Practices , 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Offences and penalties.

Evidence of awards.

Application to the Crown.

Application to local authorities.

shorter or longer than the period specified in section one of this Act, but shall hot expire later than eighteen months from the date of the award;

(f) shall be binding on all persons from time to time employing persons in the undertaking.

(4) Any sum due by virtue of any such award to any person employed in an undertaking may be recovered by him summarily as a civil debt from the employer.

(5) Subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, the Minister may make rules for regulating the procedure of arbitration tribunals, and the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to I934» shall not apply to any reference to an arbitration tribunal except in so far as they may be applied by the said rules.

5. —(1) If, as respects any undertaking, the employer makes default in complying with an award made under the last foregoing section, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction thereof to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and if after being so convicted he continues to make the like default, he shall be guilty of a further offence and shall be liable on summary conviction thereof to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds for each day on which the default continues after the first mentioned conviction.

(2) Proceedings in respect of an offence under this section may be instituted by or on behalf of any person employed in the undertaking or by or on behalf of any trade union or by or on behalf of the Minister.

(3) Except as provided in this and the last foregoing section, no proceedings, whether civil or criminal, shall be brought against any person in respect of a failure to comply with the obligations imposed on him by section one of this Act.

6. In any proceedings under subsection (4) of section four of this Act or under the last foregoing section, a copy of the award of an arbitration tribunal, purporting to be certified as a true copy by the tribunal or any member thereof, shall be evidence of the contents of the award.

7. His Majesty, on the recommendation of the Minister, may by Order in Council direct that this Act shall apply, subject to such modifications and exceptions as may be specified in the Order, to undertakings carried on by or on behalf of His Majesty of such classes as may be so specified.

8. —(1) This Act shall apply to the following undertakings carried on by a local authority, that is to say,—

(a) gas, water, electricity and transport undertakings; and

(b) undertakings of such other classes as the Minister may

by order direct;

Ch. 9.

15

1942. Restoration of Pre-War

Trade Practices Act, 1942.

and save as aforesaid this Act shall not apply to any undertaking so carried on.

(2) Where an order is made under the foregoing subsection as respects undertakings of any class, the order may provide ' that, in the application of this Act to those undertakings, the expression "trade practice " shall not include a rule, practice or custom observed in those undertakings with respect to persons of such classes as may be specified in the order.

9. —(1) Any Order in Council or order made under the foregoing Provisions as provisions of this Act or this section may be varied or revoked to'orders. by a subsequent Order in Council or order made in like manner.

(2) The Minister shall neither recommend His Majesty to make any such Order in Council, nor make any such order, until a draft thereof has lain before each House of Parliament for a period of forty days, and if either House within that period resolves that the draft of the Order in Council be not submitted to His Majesty, or that the order be not made, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon.

(3) In reckoning any such period of forty days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

10. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Expenses. Parliament—

(a) any expenses incurred by the Minister in carrying this

Act into operation, including the expenses of arbitration tribunals; and

(b) any increase in the expenses of the Industrial Court

which is attributable to the passing of this Act.

11. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings Interpretation, hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say,—

" employer ", in relation to an undertaking, means the employer of persons employed in the undertaking;

" Industrial Court" means the court constituted by section

one of the Industrial Courts Act, 1919; 9 & 10 Geo. 5.

" local authority" means the council of a county, county c’ 69’ borough, county district or metropolitan borough or the Common Council of the City of London or a joint board or joint committee constituted under any enactment to discharge the functions of two or more such councils;

" the Minister" means the Minister of Labour and National Service;

i6

Ch. 9.

Restoration of Pre-War

Trade Practices , 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 30.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. 0. 62.

Application to Scotland.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 34.

Application to Northern Ireland.

" organisation of employers ", except in section two of this Act, includes an association of two or more such organisations.

" trade practice ", in relation to an undertaking or branch of an undertaking, means any rule, practice or custom (whether obtaining by virtue of contracts of employment or otherwise) observed in the undertaking or branch with respect to the class or classes of persons to be or not to be employed therein, or with respect to the conditions of employment, hours of work or working conditions of the persons or any class of the persons so employed;

" trade union" means any combination which is by virtue of section two of the Trade Union Act, 1913, a trade union for the purpose of the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to 1927; and, except in section two of this Act, includes an association of two or more such combinations.

" war period" means the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with such date as the Minister notay by order appoint, not being later than the date on which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, expires.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act relating to the Crown and local authorities, this Act shall not apply to an undertaking which is not carried on by way of trade or business.

12. This Act, in its application to Scotland, shall have effect subject to the following modifications:—

(a) the word " summarily " in subsection (4) of section four

shall be omitted;

(b) subsection (2) of section five shall be omitted;

(c) for the definition of the expression " local authority " in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section there shall be substituted the following definition:—

" local authority" means a local authority as defined in the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891, or a joint committee of any two or more such authorities constituted under any enactment.

13. This Act, in its application to Northern Ireland, shall have effect subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for references to the Minister of Labour and National Service (except where they occur in relation to the making of recommendations to His Majesty) there shall be substituted references to the Ministry of Labour for Northern Ireland;

1942.

Restoration of Pre-War

Trade Practices , 1942.

Ch. 9.

17

(6) subsection (2) of section nine, in its application to orders of the Ministry of Labour for Northern Ireland, shall have effect as if—

(i) for the reference to Parliament there were substituted a reference to the Parliament of Northern Ireland; and

(ii) for the reference to a period of forty days there were substituted a reference to the period prescribed by subsection (1) of section four of the Rules Publication Act (Northern Ireland), 1925;

and subsection (3) of the said section nine .shall not apply to orders of the said Ministry;

(c) for the reference to the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934,

there shall be substituted a reference to the Arbitration Act (Northern Ireland), 1937;

(d) for references to the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to 1927,

and to any enactment of those Acts, there shall be substituted references to the Trade Union Acts (Northern Ireland), 1871 to 1927, and to the corresponding enactment thereof;

(e) the expression 41 local authority" means the council of

any county, county or other borough, urban or rural district, a board of guardians, the commissioners of a town, an education authority and any committee or board appointed wholly or partly by a county or district council or board of guardians or by several such councils or boards jointly;

(f) the expression " summary conviction" means conviction subject to, and in accordance with, the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act (including an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) amending that Act.

14. This Act may be cited as the Restoration of Pre-War Trade Practices Act, 1942.

B

14 & 15 Vict, c. 93.

Short title.

18 Ch. io. Securities ( 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to provide for the validation of certain acts which affect securities and are in breach of the Defence (Finance) Regulations, 1939, or the Defence (Finance) Regulations (Isle of Man), 1939.

[26th February 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) The Treasury or a person authorised by the Treasury may issue a certificate declaring that any acts done before the issue of the certificate (including acts done before the passing of this Act) purporting to effect the transfer or acquisition of any security as defined by any provision for the time being in force of the Defence (Finance) Regulations, 1939, or the Defence (Finance) Regulations (Isle of Man), 1939, or the creation, transfer or acquisition of any interest in any such security, being acts which were unlawful by virtue of any provision of any of the said Regulations, but would have been lawful if permission therefor had been granted under that provision by or on behalf of the Treasury, are to be, and are always to have been, as valid as if they had been done with such permission, and the said acts shall have effect accordingly.

(2) The Treasury may make an order with respect to any class of such securities as aforesaid declaring that, in such circumstances and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order, acts done, whether before or after the making of the order (including acts done before the passing of this Act), purporting to effect the transfer or acquisition of any security falling within that class, or the creation, transfer or acquisition of any interest in any such security, being acts which are or were unlawful by virtue of any provision of the Defence (Finance) Regulations, 1939, or the Defence (Finance) Regulations (Isle of Man), 1939, but would be or would have been lawful if permission therefor had been granted under that provision by or on behalf of the Treasury, are to be, and (in the case of past acts) are always to have been, as valid as if they were or had been done with such permission, and the said acts shall have effect accordingly.

(3) A certificate or order under this section shall not affect the liability of any person to any penalty in respect of any breach of any provision of the Defence (Finance) Regulations, 1939, or the Defence (Finance) Regulations (Isle of Man), 1939.

Power of Treasury to validate certain acts which affect securities and are in breach of Defence Regulations, 1939.

1942.

Securities (Validation)

Act, 1942. Ch. 10,11.

19

(4) An order made under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder, but not so as to affect any act validated before the variation or revocation takes effect.

2. This Act may be cited as the Securities (Validation) Act, 1942-

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to extend the House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941, with amendments, and to provide for the prospective repeal of the Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939.

[26th February 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The number of persons exempted from disqualification by virtue of certificates issued for the purposes of subsection (1) of section one of the House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941, shall not at any time exceed twenty-five:

Provided that if an address is presented to His Majesty by the Commons House of Parliament praying that the said number be raised. His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that this subsection shall have effect as if such higher number as may be specified in the address were therein substituted for the number twenty-five.

2. The House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941, shall, as amended by this Act, continue in force until the expiration of the period of two years after the passing of that Act, and accordingly subsection (2) of section two of that Act shall have effect as if for the words "one year " there were substituted the words "two years

3. The Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939, shall be hereby repealed on such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council declare to be the date on which the emergency that was the occasion of the passing of that Act came to an end.

4. This Act may be cited as the Ministers of the Crown and House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1942.

Short title.

Limitation of numbers of certificates under 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 8.

Continuation of 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 8.

Prospective repeal of 2 & 3 Geo 6. c. 77.

Short title.

20

CH. 12.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2)

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Issue of £254,800,569 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1942.

Issue of £1,198,882,300 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1943.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vici\ c. 2.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two and one thousand nine hundred and forty-three.

[19th March 1942.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled; towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, the sum of two hundred and fifty-four million, eight hundred and nine thousand, five hundred and sixty-two pounds.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, the sum of one thousand, one hundred and ninety-eight million, eight hundred and eighty-two thousand, three hundred pounds.

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand, four hundred and fifty-three million, six hundred and ninety-one thousand, eight hundred and sixty-two pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

1942.

Consolidated Fund (No. 2)

Act, 1942. Ch. 12,13.

21

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Short title. Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 13.

Landlord and Tenant (Requisitioned Land) , 1942.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Right to disclaim certain leases of requisitioned land.

2. Effect of notice of disclaimer.

3. Multiple leases.

4. Provision where land is requisitioned by stages.

5. Provisions in case where tenant is abroad.

6. Miscellaneous matters arising in consequence of disclaimer.

7. Adjustment of rights as to certain buildings and fixtures.

8. Special provisions where lease requires landlord to pay rates,

provide services, &c.

9. Notices and certificates.

10. Jurisdiction of court.

11. Leases to which this Act applies.

12. Application to the Crown.

13. Interpretation.

14. Provisions as to Scotland and Northern Ireland.

15. Short title.

An Act to provide for the disclaimer of leases comprising land of which possession has been taken in the exercise of emergency powers, for the adjustment of the rights of the parties to such leases with respect to certain buildings and fixtures, for the reduction in certain cases of the rent and other periodical sums payable under or in connection with leases comprising such land, for

22

Ch. 13.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Right to disclaim certain leases of

requisitioned

land.

requiring the continuance, after possession of such land has been taken as aforesaid, of certain services provided by the landlord, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[26th March 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Where possession of all the land comprised in a lease to which this Act applies has been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers, and the land or the main part thereof was, immediately before possession was so taken, being used by the tenant or by a member of the tenant's family as his residence, or for the purposes of his business, or partly as his residence and partly for the purposes of his business, the tenant may, within three months from the material date, serve on the landlord a notice (in this Act referred to as a " notice of disclaimer ") stating that he disclaims the lease:

Provided that a notice of disclaimer shall not be served unless at the time when it is served possession of the land to which it relates is retained in the exercise of emergency powers.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) land shall not be deemed to be used by any person as his residence, if he uses it only as a week-end or holiday residence or resides there only on occasional visits, but the fact that he was not actually residing there immediately before possession of the land was taken as aforesaid shall not necessarily mean that he was not then using the land as his residence;

(6) land shall not be deemed to be used for the purposes of a business, if that business, so far as it was previously carried on there, has been wholly or mainly closed down or transferred to other premises, and the land is no longer used for the purposes of the business except—

(i) as a business address or otherwise for the purpose of preserving business connections, or

(ii) to store furniture, plant or other property not removed from the land, or

(iii) for some other purpose not involving the substantial use of the land.

(3) Where a notice of disclaimer has been served, the landlord may, at any time within one month from the service of the notice, apply to the court to determine whether the notice is of no effect on the ground that the conditions specified in subsection (1) of

1942.

Landlord and Tenant

(<Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942. Ch. 13.

23

this section are not fulfilled, and, if any such application is made, it shall lie with the tenant to show that the said conditions are fulfilled, and, unless it is decided by the court on such an application that the notice is of no effect on the said ground, the said conditions shall be deemed to be fulfilled.

(4) Where possession of part only of the land comprised in a lease has been taken as aforesaid, or possession of part of the land so taken has been given up, and, if all the land had been so taken and retained, the conditions specified in subsection (1) of this section would have been fulfilled in respect thereof, the court may, on the application of the tenant made within three months from the material date, direct that this section shall have effect as if possession had been so taken and retained of all the land comprised in the lease, and shall, if it considers necessary, extend the period within which a notice of disclaimer may be served.

The court shall, in considering any application under this subsection, have regard (among other matters) to the question whether it is reasonably practicable for the occupier to use the part of the land which has not been taken, or is not retained, as a residence, or, as the case may be, for the purposes of his business.

2. — (1) Where a notice of disclaimer has been served, and the Effect of court has not decided under the foregoing section that it is of notice of no effect, the notice shall become effective subject to any order disclaimer, of the court under this section, at the expiration of one month from the service of the notice or, if an application has been made to the court under subsection (3) of the foregoing section, of such further period (if any) as the court may allow.

(2) Where a notice of disclaimer has become effective, the lease disclaimed shall be deemed to have been surrendered as from the material date and all interests in or derived out of the term created by the lease disclaimed shall be deemed to have been extinguished as from the said date.

(3) Where any holding within the meaning of the Agricultural 13 & 14 Geo. 5. Holdings Act, 1923, is disclaimed under this Act, the tenancy c* 9-

shall, for the purposes of sections nine and ten and subsection

(2) of section sixteen of that Act, be deemed to terminate at the date on which the notice of disclaimer becomes effective in accordance with subsection (1) of this section.

(4) Where a notice of disclaimer has been served under this Act, the court may—

(a) on the application of any person having a mortgage or charge in respect of the term created by the lease disclaimed, vest the lease in that person on such terms as the court thinks just, which may include adaptations or modifications of the terms of the lease;

24

Ch. 13.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Multiple leases.

(6) on the application of the landlord or the tenant, make such adaptations or modifications as the court thinks just of any term of the lease relating to repairing obligations and, in particular, require the tenant to pay such sum as it thinks just in respect of any dilapidations which have already occurred and for which the tenant is liable or would (but for the disclaimer) become liable;

(c) on the application of the landlord or the tenant, make such adaptations and modifications as it thinks just of any term of the lease imposing any liability on either party which will take effect on the surrender of the lease;

and any such application may be made at any time before the notice of disclaimer becomes effective.

(5) Within seven days from the service of a notice of disclaimer, the tenant shall serve upon any person having a mortgage or charge in respect of the term created by the lease disclaimed a copy of the notice of disclaimer and the name and address of the landlord, and if he fails to do so, he shall be liable to make good to any such person any damage suffered by that person by reason of the failure.

3. — (1) Where possession of all the land comprised in a multiple lease to which this Act applies has been taken and is retained on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers, and all the separate tenements comprised in the lease are tenements (hereafter in this section referred to as " disclaimable tenements ") which the tenant holding under the multiple lease would, if he held them under separate leases, be entitled to disclaim under section one of this Act, he may serve a notice of disclaimer under that section in respect of the lease, and subsection (3) of that section shall apply to any such notice as if the reference to the conditions specified in subsection (1) of that section were a reference to the conditions specified in this subsection, but, save as aforesaid, section one of this Act shall not apply in the case of multiple leases, and the following provisions of this section shall have effect in lieu thereof.

(2) Where possession of one or some of the tenements comprised in a multiple lease, being a disclaimable tenement or disclaimable tenements, has been taken and is retained as aforesaid, and the remainder of the tenements comprised in the lease either have not been taken or are not retained or are not disclaimable tenements, the tenant may, within three months from the material date, apply to the court for permission to serve a notice of disclaimer either in respect of the lease as a whole or in respect of one or more of the separate tenements comprised therein.

I943*

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) , 1942.

Ch. 13.

25

(3) If, on any such application for permission to serve a notice of disclaimer in respect of the lease as a whole, the court is satisfied, having regard to the extent to which possession has been taken and retained as aforesaid of the land comprised in the lease and the extent to which the tenements are disclaimable tenements and all the circumstances of the case, that it is equitable to allow the tenant to disclaim the lease as a whole, it shall direct that the tenant shall be at liberty to serve, within such period as may be specified, a notice of disclaimer in respect of the lease as a whole:

Provided that, if the court gives such a direction in a case where possession of any tenement comprised in the lease has not been taken or is not retained as aforesaid, the court may, if it thinks just, direct that the rent payable under the lease and, if the tenement is sub-let, the rent payable under the under-lease shall, notwithstanding the disclaimer, be payable, to such extent as may be directed, in respect of the period beginning with the material date and ending with the date on which the notice of disclaimer becomes effective, and the provisions of this Act relating to the apportionment of rent shall have effect subject to any such direction.

(4) If, on any such application for permission to serve a notice of disclaimer either in respect of the lease as a whole or as respects one or more of the separate tenements comprised therein, the court is satisfied that it is equitable to allow the tenant to disclaim one or more of the separate tenements comprised in the lease, being disclaimable tenements of which possession has been taken and is retained as aforesaid, it shall order that the lease shall be treated as if it were two separate leases, one comprising the tenement or tenements to be disclaimed, and the other comprising the remainder of the tenements, and shall give such consequential directions as to the apportionment of the rent and otherwise as it thinks just, and shall direct that the tenant shall be at liberty to serve, within such period as may be specified, a notice of disclaimer in respect of the lease comprising the said tenement or tenements to be disclaimed.

(5) Where possession of part only of a separate tenement comprised in a multiple lease has been taken as aforesaid, or possession of part only of a separate tenement so taken has been given up, and the tenement is in either case a disclaimable tenement, the court may, if it is satisfied that it is equitable to do so, exercise its powers under this section in like manner as if possession of the whole of the tenement had been taken and retained as aforesaid, and shall, in considering whether to exercise the said powers, have regard (among other matters) to the question whether it is reasonably practicable for the occupier to use the part of the tenement which has not been taken, or is not retained.

26 Ch. 13. Landlord and Tenant 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

as a residence, or, as the case may be, for the purposes of his business.

Provision 4. — (1) Where—

requisitioned («) possession of part of the land comprised in a lease has

by stages. been taken and is retained on behalf of His Majesty in

the exercise of emergency powers and the lease has not been disclaimed;

(b) possession of the remainder or part of the remainder of

the land is on a subsequent occasion so taken and retained; and

(c) the tenant cannot, on the subsequent occasion, serve a notice of disclaimer or obtain a direction enabling him to serve such a notice because possession of part of the land has already been taken as aforesaid, and in consequence the necessary conditions cannot be fulfilled;

the court may, on the application of the tenant made within three months from the date which is the material date in relation to the subsequent occasion, if in all the circumstances of the case it considers it equitable to do so, direct that the tenant shall be at liberty to serve, within such period as may be specified, a notice of disclaimer in respect of the lease, which, in the case of a multiple lease, may either be in respect of the lease as a whole or in respect of one or more of the separate tenements comprised therein.

(2) Subsection (3) of section one of this Act shall not apply to any notice of disclaimer served in pursuance of a direction given under the last foregoing subsection, but the court shall not give such a direction unless the landlord is a party to the proceedings.

Provisions in 5. — (1) Where possession of land comprised in a lease has

been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency abroad.18 powers and the tenant was outside the United Kingdom for the whole or the greater part of the period of three months from the material date, and the court is satisfied, on an application made on behalf of the tenant or made by the tenant within a reasonable time after his return to the United Kingdom, that it was not reasonably practicable for him to exercise his rights under the provisions of this Act relating to disclaimer within the said period, or to give the necessary authority for the exercise of those rights on his behalf within the said period, the court may, if it thinks fit, extend the period for the exercise of those rights.

(2) Where possession of land comprised in a lease has been taken as aforesaid, and the tenant was outside the United Kingdom at the material date, or left the United Kingdom shortly after the material date without having a reasonable opportunity to exercise or secure the exercise of his rights under

1942.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) , 1942.

Ch. 13.

27

the provisions of this Act relating to disclaimer, and the court is satisfied, on an application made by any other person while the tenant remains outside the United Kingdom,—

(a) that it is not reasonably practicable to obtain instructions

from the tenant as to the* exercise of the said rights; and

(b) that the applicant is a proper person to exercise those rights on behalf of the tenant;

the court may, if it thinks fit, direct that those rights may be exercised by the applicant on behalf of the tenant and may, if necessary, extend the period for the exercise thereof.

(3) Where the court extends under this section the period for exercising the rights of any tenant, the court may, if it thinks fit, direct that, if the lease is disclaimed, the surrender thereof shall, instead of taking effect as from the material date, take effect as from such later date as the court may direct.

6. — (1) Where any lease is deemed to have been surrendered by virtue of this Act, the rent payable in respect of the period during which the surrender is deemed to have taken effect shall be apportionable, whether the rent under the lease is payable in advance or otherwise, and any rent paid by the tenant in respect of that period in excess of the amount apportionable to the part of the period preceding the date on which the surrender is deemed to have taken effect shall be recoverable by him.

(2) Where any lease is deemed to have been surrendered by virtue of this Act, the compensation payable under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, in respect of any period after the date on which the surrender is deemed to have taken effect shall be payable to the landlord :

Provided that any payment of compensation in respect of any such period made to the person who would have been entitled thereto but for the surrender shall, unless before the payment is made notice of the surrender has been served by the landlord on the authority by whom possession of the land comprised in the lease has been taken, be deemed to have been paid to that person as the agent of the landlord, and the landlord shall be entitled to recover it from that person but shall not have any other remedy in respect thereof. The payment of compensation as aforesaid to the said person as agent of the landlord shall not be taken as implying that the landlord is bound by any agreement made between that person and the said authority as to the amount of the compensation.

(3) Where possession of any land comprised in a lease or any part thereof has been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers, and a notice of disclaimer has been

Miscellaneous matters arising in consequence of disclaimer.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

28

Ch. 13.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

served by the tenant, any compensation under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, accruing due in respect of the land during the period beginning with the material date and ending with the date on which the notice of disclaimer becomes effective or, as the case may be, is decided by the court to be of no effect shall, for the purposes of section eleven of the said Act (which limits the time for claiming compensation), be deemed only to accrue due at the end of the said period.

Adjustment of rights as to certain buildings and fixtures.

7. — (1) Where possession of any land comprised in a lease has been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers and—

(a) the tenant has a right, as between him and his landlord, to remove, either during the currency of the lease or after the termination thereof, any building or fixtures annexed to the land; and

(b) the lease comes to an end (whether as the result of

disclaimer under this Act or otherwise) before possession of the land so taken has been given up, or within such a short period thereafter as not to give the tenant a reasonable opportunity for exercising his right;

the said right may be exercised within a reasonable time after such possession has been given up or, with the consent of the authority by whom possession was so taken, at any earlier time.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to any building or fixture which is annexed to a holding within the meaning of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, and is a building or fixture to which section twenty-two of that Act applies, but that section shall have effect, in any such case as is mentioned in the last foregoing subsection, as if the reference in that section to a reasonable time after the termination of the tenancy were construed as a reference to a reasonable time after possession of the land taken in the exercise of emergency powers has been given up.

(3) The tenant of any land of which possession has been taken

as aforesaid may recover from the person entitled to the compensation payable in respect of the land under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compen-

sation (Defence) Act, 1939, such part (if any) of the compensation payable under the said paragraph (a) as may be agreed by the tenant and the said person, or in default of agreement, as may be determined by the court, to be attributable to the use during any period after the termination of the lease of any building or fixtures removable by the tenant, and such part of the compensation payable under the said paragraph (b) as may be so agreed or determined to be attributable to damage to any such building or fixtures.

le

1942.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) , 1942.

Ch. 13.

29

(4) Where the tenant of any land is entitled under the foregoing provisions of this section to remove any building or fixtures within a reasonable time after possession of the land is given up as aforesaid, the person who, when possession is so given up, is entitled to occupy the land, shall, if the tenant has served on him a notice requesting to be informed when possession is so given up and specifying the address to which the information is to be sent, serve a notice accordingly giving that information, and the period within which the tenant may remove the building or fixtures shall extend to a reasonable time after the service of the notice by the said person.

(5) This section shall extend to any case where the lease has come to an end before the date of the passing of this Act but possession of the land comprised therein is still retained as aforesaid at the said date, and shall, in relation to any such lease, be deemed to have been in force at the termination thereof.

8. — (1) Where possession of the land comprised in any lease Special provi-has been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of sions where emergency powers, and by virtue of any term of the lease or of any contract collateral thereto :— pay rates,

provide ser-

(a) the tenant is wholly or partly relieved of liability or vices, &c.

indemnified in respect of the usual tenant’s rates and taxes, or in respect of the cost of the repairs or insurance, or in respect of any other expenses necessary to maintain the land;

(b) the landlord is required to provide lighting, heating,

board, furniture or other services; or

(c) the landlord is required to carry out any improvements, being improvements which were not completed at the date when possession of the land was taken as aforesaid;

the rent payable under the lease in respect of the period for which possession of the land is retained in the exercise of emergency powers shall, subject to the following provisions of this section, be reduced to such an amount as may be agreed between the tenant and the landlord, or in default of agreement as may be determined by the court, to be the net rent, that is to say, the rent which might reasonably have been expected to be payable under the lease on the assumption (so far as applicable) that the tenant was wholly liable thereunder in respect of all the matters referred to in paragraph (a) hereof and the landlord was not required to provide any of the services referred to in paragraph (6) hereof or to carry out any of the improvements referred to in paragraph (c) hereof; and any liability of the landlord to the tenant in respect of any of those

30

Ch. 13.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

matters, services or improvements shall, subject as aforesaid, be suspended during the said period.

(2) Where the authority by whom possession of the land comprised in any lease has been taken as aforesaid requires the landlord to continue to provide any of the services (other than board and furniture) referred to in paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection, it may, within three months from the date on which possession of the land was so taken, serve a notice on the landlord specifying the services required, and thereupon the following provisions shall have effect for the period beginning with the service of the notice and ending with the date on which possession of the land is given up by the authority:—

(a) the landlord shall provide the said services for the authority in the like manner and to the like extent as could have been required by the tenant if possession of the land had not been taken as aforesaid; and

(b) the authority shall pay to the landlord out of moneys provided by Parliament a periodical sum equal to such part of the rent payable under the lease as may be agreed between the authority and the landlord, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by the court, to be attributable to the provision of the said services :

Provided that—

(i) if the lease is disclaimed under this Act, this sub-

section shall cease to apply thereto as from the date on which the notice of disclaimer becomes effective, and, if the lease is otherwise determined before the end of the period aforesaid, this subsection shall cease to apply thereto as from the date of the determination;

(ii) the said authority may, at any time before the end of the period aforesaid, serve on the landlord a notice stating that they no longer require the said services, or such of them as may be specified in the notice, and, on the expiration of such period not less than one month from the service of the notice as may be so specified, this subsection shall cease to apply with respect to the services to which the notice relates.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as preventing or affecting any agreement, whether made before or after the passing of this Act, between the authority by whom possession of the land comprised in the lease has been taken as aforesaid and the landlord and the tenant, whereby the landlord undertakes to continue to provide for any of the matters referred to in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section or to provide any of the services referred to in paragraph (ft) of that

1942.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942. Ch. 13.

3i

subsection, or to carry out any of the improvements referred to in paragraph (c) of that subsection, and either—

(a) the authority pays to the landlord such periodical sum

as may be agreed, and the rent payable by the tenant under the lease is reduced by a corresponding sum; or

(b) the authority pays, by way of an addition to the com-

pensation payable under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, such sum as may be agreed;

and while any such agreement is in force, the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply with respect to the matters, services or improvements to which the agreement relates and, on the determination of any such agreement, the said authority may, within one month from the determination thereof, serve a notice under the last foregoing subsection with, respect to any of the said services, notwithstanding that the period within which such a notice may be served under that subsection has expired.

(4) This section shall apply in a case where possession of part only of the land comprised in a lease has been taken as aforesaid, as if the land so taken were comprised in a separate lease, and the necessary apportionment shall be made of the rent or of any part thereof attributable to any such matters, services or improvements as are referred to in subsection (1) of this section, and, if any dispute arises as to the apportionment, it shall be referred to and determined by the court.

(5) Any periodical sum payable under subsection (2) of this section shall be considered as accruing due from day to day and shall be apportionable in respect of time accordingly, and where the rent payable under any lease is reduced by virtue of this section, the rent shall be apportionable in respect of time, whether it is payable in advance or otherwise, and where the tenant has paid any sum which is not payable, or exceeds the amount payable, by virtue of this section, he shall be entitled to recover that sum or, as the case may be, the excess part thereof.

(6) In a case where possession of the land comprised in a lease has been taken as aforesaid before the passing of this Act, this section shall have effect subject to the modification that any reference to the period for which possession of the land is retained in the exercise of emergency powers shall be construed as referring only to so much of that period as extends after the passing of this Act, and any reference to the date on which possession of the land was so taken shall be construed as a reference to the date of the passing of this Act.

32

Notices and certificates.

Jurisdiction of court.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 53.

Ch. 13. Landlord and Tenant 5 & 6 Geo 6.

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

9. — (1) A notice served under this Act shall be in writing and any such notice or any copy thereof may be served either—

(a) by delivering it to the person on whom it is to be

served; or

(b) by leaving it at the usual or last known place of abode

of that person; or

(c) by sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed

to that person at his usual or last known place of abode; or

(d) in a case where it is to be served on a body corporate,

by delivering it to the secretary or clerk thereof at the registered or principal office thereof or sending it in a prepaid registered letter addressed to the secretary or clerk thereof at that office; or

(e) in such other manner as the court on an application

made in that behalf may direct.

(2) Where the interest of a former landlord in the land comprised in a lease has passed to any person—

(a) service of a notice on that former landlord by a

person who does not know and has no reason to believe that the interest has passed shall be treated for the purposes of this Act as service on the person to whom the interest has passed;

(b) the former landlord on receipt of any such notice, shall

forthwith serve the notice on the person to whom the interest has passed, and, if he fails to do so, shall be liable to make good to any other person any damage suffered by that other person by reason of the failure.

(3) A notice with respect to a lease shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have been served on the landlord if it is served on any person for the time being authorised by the landlord to receive the rent payable under the lease.

(4) A certificate purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the authority by whom possession of land comprised in a lease was taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers, and to specify the land of which, and the date on which, possession was so taken or was given Tip, shall be sufficient evidence for the purposes of this Act of the facts contained therein, unless the contrary is proved.

10. Subject to the provisions of section one hundred and eleven of the County Courts Act, 1934 (which provides for the removal into the High Court of any proceedings commenced in a county court), the jurisdiction of the court under this Act shall be exercised by a county court.

1942.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942. Ch. 13.

33

11. —This Act, so far as it relates to the disclaimer of leases, shall only apply to a lease which—

(a) provides that the term created thereby will expire, or

may be determined, at a date not later than five years after the material date; or

(b) provides (whatever form of words may be used) that the

term created thereby will expire, or may be determined, at the end, or not later than twelve months after the end, of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged.

12. This Act binds the Crown, and shall apply to land belonging to His Majesty, or forming part of the possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or belonging to a Government Department, or held in trust for His Majesty for the purposes of a Government Department.

13. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" business " includes trade and profession;

" emergency powers " has the same meaning as in the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, and any reference to the exercise of emergency powers shall be construed as a reference to their exercise during the period beginning with the twenty-fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending with such date as His Majesty may by Order in Council declare to be the date on which the emergency that was the occasion of the passing of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, came to an end;

" exercise " includes purported exercise;

" land " includes (without prejudice to any of the provisions of section three of the Interpretation Act, 1889) land covered with water, and parts of houses and buildings;

" landlord ", in relation to a lease, means the person who under the lease is, as between himself and the tenant, for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the demised premises payable under the lease, and, in a case where the reversion immediately expectant on the lease is mortgaged and the mortgagee is in possession thereof or has appointed a receiver of the rents and profits thereof, means that mortgagee;

" lease" means a lease, under-lease or other tenancy, assignment operating as a lease or under-lease, or an agreement for such lease, under-lease, tenancy or assignment;

C

Leases to which this Act applies.

Application to the Crown.

Interpretation.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 63.

34

Ch. 13.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 93.

24 & 25 Geo. 5 c. 41.

" material date ", in relation to any occasion on which possession of the land or any part of the land comprised in a lease has been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers, means-

fa) where the occasion was before the passing of this Act, the date of the passing of this Act;

(b) in any other case, the date on which the land or part of the land was so taken;

" member of the family ", in relation to any tenant, means the wife or husband of the tenant, or any parent or child of the tenant as defined by section five of the Fatal Accidents Act, 1846, and extended by section two of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934, and also includes any other relative who is being wholly or mainly maintained by the tenant;

"multiple lease" means a lease comprising land which, at the date when possession thereof was taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers, was used or adapted for use as two or more separate tenements;

" rent " includes any periodical sum payable by the tenant to the landlord in connection with his tenancy (whether under the lease or otherwise) in respect of lighting, heating, board, furniture or other services; and any reference to the rent payable under a lease shall be construed as including a reference to any such sum as aforesaid;

" tenant ", in relation to a lease, means the person for the time being entitled to the term created by the lease, except that, in a case where a lease is held by a trustee, the first reference in subsection (1) of section one of this Act to the tenant shall include a reference to the person beneficially entitled to the term created by the lease or to the proceeds of sale thereof.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, premises used as a lodging-house or apartment-house shall be deemed to be used for the purposes of a business, but, save as aforesaid, the sub-letting in separate tenements of land comprised in a lease, whether or not services are provided for the sub-tenants, shall not be deemed to be the use of the land for the purposes of a business.

(3) Any reference in this Act to the authority by whom possession of any land is taken in the exercise of emergency powers shall, in a case where the exercise of those powers has been delegated to any person, be construed as a reference to that person.

(4) Where possession of any land comprised in a lease has been taken on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency

1942.

Landlord and Tenant

(Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942. Ch. 13, 14.

35

powers and has thereafter been given up, the taking of possession of the land as aforesaid on a subsequent occasion shall not be deemed to revive any right to serve a notice of disclaimer in respect of the earlier occasion, and any reference in this Act to the taking of possession of the land shall, in relation to a notice of disclaimer served in respect of the subsequent occasion, be construed as a reference to the taking of possession on that occasion.

14. —(1) This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

(2) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland the following modifications shall be made:—

(a) for the reference to section one hundred and eleven

of the County Courts Act, 1934, there shall be substituted a reference to section fifty-seven of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877;

(b) for the reference to section two of the Law Reform

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1934, there shall be substituted a reference to section fifteen of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (Northern Ireland), 1937;

(c) references to a Government Department shall include

references to a Department of the Government of Northern Ireland.

15. This Act may be cited as the Landlord and Tenant (Requisitioned Land) Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to extend the powers of the Treasury to raise money under section one of the National Loans Act, 1939.

[29th April 1942.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

W£, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply granted to Your Majesty for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-three, have resolved that money be raised in manner provided by this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Provisions as to Scotland and Northern Ireland.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 56.

Short title.

36

Ch. 14, 15.

National Loans Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Further provision for raising money. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

Short title, construction and citation.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 51.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The power of the Treasury to raise money under section one of the National Loans Act, 1939, shall include power to raise any money required for raising any supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-three, and in addition a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty million pounds.

2. This Act may be cited as the National Loans Act, 1942, and shall be construed as one with the National Loans Acts, I939 to 1941, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the National Loans Acts, 1939 to 1942.

CHAPTER 15.

Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1942.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Short title.

2. Army Act and Air Force Act to be in force for specified times.

AMENDMENTS OF THE ARMY AND AIR FORCE ACTS.

3. Amendment of ss. 46, 47 and 137 of Army Act, and ss. 47 and 137

of the Air Force Act.

4. Amendment of s. 56 and s. 70 of Army Act and s. 56 and s. 70 of

Air Force Act.

5. Amendment of s. 138 of Army Act and s. 138 of Air Force Act.

6. Suspension of reprinting of Army and Air Force Acts.

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the discipline and regulation of the Army and the Air Force.

[29th April 1942.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of land forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of such number as His Majesty may deem necessary.

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the air force, and it is judged necessary that the whole number of such force should consist of such number as His Majesty may deem necessary.

1942.

Army and Air Force

(Annual) , 1942.

Ch. 15.

37

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of this realm that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and naval service under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or be sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty's forces by sea :

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny, or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military or air force discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and forty-two on the following days:—

(a) In Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Channel

Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s

dominions, on the thirty-first day of July :

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force (Annual) Short title. Act, 1942.

2. —(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament, that is to say:—

(a) Within Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day

Army Act and Air Force Act to be in force for specified times.

38

Ch. 15.

Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 22.

Amendment of ss. 46, 47 and 137 of Army Act, and ss. 47 and 137 of the Air Force Act.

of April, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, to the thirtieth day of April, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, both inclusive; and

(6) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day of July, one thousand nine hundred and forty-two, to the thirty-first day of July, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, both inclusive.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932, the amendments of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act made by this Act shall come into operation in all places as from the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

(3) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions.

AMENDMENTS OF THE ARMY AND AIR FORCE ACTS.

3. — (1) In subsection (1) of section forty-six of the Army Act (which relates to the powers of commanding officers), for the words "field officer " there shall be substituted the word "lieutenant-colonel ", and the words "by a general officer or brigadier " shall be omitted.

(2) Section forty-seven of the Army Act (which gives power to deal summarily with charges against officers and warrant officers) shall have effect subject to the following amendments:—

(a) in subsection (1), for the words " field officer " there shall

be substituted the word " lieutenant-colonel ", and at the end of subsection (1) there shall be added the words—

" Provided that no charge against a field officer shall be dealt with summarily under this section except by a general or air officer authorised to convene a general court-martial ";

(b) after the first paragraph ( of subsection (2), there shall

be inserted the following paragraph:—

" (c) Any deduction authorised by this Act to be made from his ordinary pay ";

(c) in subsection (5), the words "by a general officer or

brigadier " shall be omitted.

(3) After the first paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section forty-seven of the Air Force Act, there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" (c) Any deduction authorised by this Act to be made from his ordinary pay."

1942.

Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act, 1942. Ch. 15.

39

(4) At the end of paragraph (2) of section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Army Act and at the end of paragraph (2) of section one hundred and thirty-seven of the Air Force Act (which provide for the stoppage of officers’ pay to make good compensation awarded by a court-martial), there shall be added the words "or by the authority dealing summarily with the charge under section forty-seven of this Act ".

4. —(1) In subsection (4) of section fifty-six of the Army Act and in subsection (4) of section fifty-six of the Air Force Act (which permit conviction of a less offence on a charge of a greater offence), the words "of desertion or " shall be omitted.

(2) After paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section seventy of the Army Act (which empowers His Majesty to make rules of procedure), the following paragraph shall be inserted:—

(ee) The substitution by His Majesty or the Army Council of a new finding for any finding of guilty by a court-martial which is invalid or cannot be supported by the evidence, if the new finding could have been validly made by the court-martial on the charge and if it appears that the court-martial must have been satisfied of the facts establishing the offence specified or involved in the new finding, and the imposition of a sentence for the said offence, not being a sentence of greater severity than the sentence imposed by the court-martial ";

and at the end of the said section the following subsection shall be added:—

" (7) For the purposes of this Act, any finding or sentence substituted in accordance with rules made in pursuance of this section for the finding or sentence of a court-martial, and any sentence imposed for an offence specified or involved in any such substituted finding, shall have effect as if it were a finding or sentence of a court-martial

(3) The same amendments shall be made in section seventy of the Air Force Act as are made in section seventy of the Army Act by the last foregoing subsection, subject to the modification that for the words "Army Council" there shall be substituted the words "Air Council *.

5. In paragraph (1) of section one hundred and thirty-eight of the Army Act and in paragraph (1) of section one hundred and thirty-eight of the Air Force Act (which provide for the stoppage of pay of a soldier or airman, as the case may be, serving a sentence of penal servitude or imprisonment) after the word 0 Ship " there shall be inserted the words "for every day of detention in a Borstal institution awarded by a rivil court *\

Amendment of s. 56 and s. 70 of Army Act and s. 56 and s. 70 of Air Force Act.

Amendment of s. 138 of Army Act and s. 138 of Air Force Act.

40

Suspension of reprinting of Army and Air Force Acts.

Purchases of home-grown beet and production and marketing of white sugar.

Ch. 15, 16. Army and Air Force 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(Annual) Act, 1942.

6. Subsection (3) of section fifteen of the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932 (which provides that where the Army Act or the Air Force Act has been amended, all subsequent copies of the Act shall be printed with the amendment made therein) shall not apply, and shall be deemed never to have applied—

(a) to any amendment of the Army Act taking effect after

the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty;

(b) to any amendment of the Air Force Act taking effect

after the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

CHAPTER 16.

Sugar Industry Act, 1942.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Purchases of home-grown beet and production and marketing of

white sugar.

2. Registration and licensing of refiners.

3. Provisions as to Sugar Refining Agreement.

4. Assistance to Sugar Corporation.

5. Reserves of Corporation.

6. Research and education.

7. Transfer of certain functions to Minister of Food.

8. Suspension of miscellaneous functions of Sugar Commission.

9. Interpretation.

10. Short title, citation and extent.

An Act to amend the Sugar Industry (Reorganization) Act, 1936, as respects the war years.

[29th April 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) So much of section five of the principal Act as relates to the determination of—

(a) the terms and conditions upon which the Corporation is required to make contracts for the purchase of homegrown beet for delivery in any year;

(b) the acreage of land in respect of the produce of which such contracts are to be made; and

(c) the quantity of home-grown beet that may be acquired from any person by the Corporation,

shall not apply in relation to contracts for delivery in the year 1941-42 or any subsequent war year.

1942.

Sugar Industry , 1942.

Ch. 16.

4i

(2) No proposals shall be submitted by the Corporation to the Commission under section six of the principal Act showing arrangements proposed as to the production and marketing by the Corporation of white sugar during the year 1940-41 or any subsequent war year.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty.

2. —(1) Until the end of the war period—

(a) the provisions of section seven of the principal Act (which relates to the registration of refiners of sugar) shall not have effect; and

(b) no licensing scheme shall be made as respects such refiners under section nineteen of the said Act.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section, so far as those provisions relate to the registration of refiners, shall be deemed to have had effect as from the eleventh day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine.

3. The following provisions shall have effect in relation to the Sugar Refining Agreement, that is to say—

(a) during the war period, the said agreement may be modified by the Minister of Food at the request of the parties and with the consent of the Treasury, and not otherwise;

(b) the said agreement shall have effect under section eight of the principal Act, and shall be deemed so to have had effect, notwithstanding that, by virtue of any modification thereof effected after the eleventh day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and before the end of the war period, it does not or did not provide for any matter specified in the Third Schedule to the principal Act; and

(c) any scheme in force on the eleventh day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine under section nine of the said Act (which relates to contributions by registered refiners) shall be deemed to have been suspended as from that date until the end of the war period; and no further scheme shall be made under that section until the last mentioned date.

4. —(1) For the purpose of sub-paragraph (i) of paragraph 3 of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act (which provides for adjustment of the rate of assistance by reference to variations of the customs and excise duties on sugar), the full rate of customs duty chargeable on foreign sugar in the week ended on the second day of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine,

Registration and licensing of refiners.

Provisions as to Sugar Refining Agreement.

Assistance to Sugar Corporation.

42

Sugar Industry , 1942.

Reserves of Corporation.

Research and education.

Ch. 16.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

and any subsequent week in the year 1939-40, shall be deemed to have been—

(a) in the case of sugar of a polarisation exceeding ninety-eight degrees but not exceeding ninety-nine degrees, a rate of nineteen shillings and nine and three-fifths pence per hundredweight; and

(b) in the case of sugar of a polarisation exceeding ninety-nine degrees, a rate of twenty-one shillings per hundredweight.

(2) For the purpose of sub-paragraph (ii) of the said paragraph 3 (which provides for adjustment of the rate of assistance consequent on alterations of the average raw sugar price), and of any agreement made under subsection (4) of section fourteen of the principal Act, the average raw sugar price for the week beginning on the eleventh day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and any subsequent week in the year 1939-40, shall be deemed to have been seven shillings and sixpence per hundredweight.

(3) For the purpose of sub-paragraph (iv) of the said paragraph 3 (which provides for adjustment of the rate of assistance by reference to the appropriate percentage of the difference between the estimated and the actual maximum quota income for any year), the appropriate percentage for the year 1939-40 shall be deemed to have been one hundred per cent.

(4) No assistance shall be paid to the Corporation under section ten of the principal Act in respect of sugar manufactured by the Corporation in the year 1940-41 or any subsequent war year; and accordingly no rate shall be prescribed by the Minister for any such year under section fourteen of that Act.

(5) The last foregoing subsection shall be deemed to have had effect as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty.

(6) No supplementary payments shall be made to the Corporation under section fifteen of the principal Act (which relates to poor crops due to adverse farming conditions) in respect of the year 1940-41 or any subsequent war year.

5. Section twelve of the principal Act (which requires the Corporation to comply with directions and orders of the Minister with respect to reserves) shall not have effect during the war period.

6. —(1) The operation of any scheme in force on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-one, under section eighteen of the principal Act (which relates to research and education) shall be deemed to have been suspended as from that date until the end of the war period.

1942.

Sugar Industry 1942.

Ch. 16.

43

(2) The appropriate Minister, after consultation with the Corporation and any body which in the opinion of that Minister is substantially representative of growers of home-grown beet, may prepare for the year 1941-42 or any subsequent war year a programme for carrying out research and education in matters affecting the growing of home-grown beet, and may by order make provision for carrying any such programme into effect.

(3) Any such programme for any year shall contain an estimate of the amount of the expenditure to be incurred in carrying it out and any order made for carrying any such programme into effect shall, in particular, make provision—

(a) for assessing the contributions towards defraying such

expenditure to be made by the Corporation and by every grower of home-grown beet who delivers beet to the Corporation in that year; and

(b) for collecting such contributions (including provision

for the recovery of such contributions as a civil debt) :

Provided that the amount of such contributions shall be limited in accordance with paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the proviso to subsection (2) of the said section eighteen.

(4) All contributions paid in accordance with an order made under this section shall be paid into the research and education fund mentioned in subsection (3) of the said section eighteen, and all expenditure certified by the appropriate Minister to have been properly incurred in carrying out any programme prepared under this section (including expenditure incurred by him or on his behalf) shall be defrayed out of that fund.

(5) During the war period the said fund shall be controlled by the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries instead of being controlled by the Commission, and an account showing the revenue and expenditure of the said fund attributable to the year 1941-42 and any subsequent war year shall, not later than the thirtieth day of November in the year following that to which it relates, be transmitted by that Minister to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine and certify the accounts and lay copies thereof together with his report thereon before Parliament.

(6) In this section the " appropriate Minister" means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or, in relation to a programme or order extending to Great Britain, that Minister and the Secretary of State, or, in relation to a programme or order extending to Scotland only, the Secretary of State.

7. During the war period, the functions of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries under the articles of association of the Corporation and under the following provisions of the principal Act, that is to say—

(a) the provisions of subsection (3) of section three, prohibiting alterations of the memorandum or articles of association

Transfer of certain functions to Minister of Food.

44 Ch. 16. Sugar Industry , 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Suspension of miscellaneous functions of Sugar Commission. of the Corporation without the approval of the Minister given with the consent of the Treasury; (b) the provisions of subsection (1) of section twenty-three, requiring the Minister to refer certain disputes as to wages to the Industrial Court; shall be exercised by the Minister of Food. 8. — (1) Section seventeen of the principal Act (which requires the Commission to make a report as respects the rates of excise duty on certain sugar not later than the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-one) shall have effect as if for the reference to that date there were substituted a reference to the end of the year after the last war year. (2) The provisions of section twenty-six of the principal Act (which relates to the furnishing of information to the Commission) shall not have effect during the war period. (3) No report shall be submitted under section twenty-eight of the principal Act on the discharge by the Commission of their functions during the year 1939-40 or any subsequent war year. (4) The last foregoing subsection shall be deemed to have had effect as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and forty.

Interpretation. 9. In this Act the following expressions have the meanings

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 18. hereby respectively assigned to them— " the principal Act" means the Sugar Industry (Reorganization) Act, 1936; " the year 1939-40" means the twelve months beginning on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and any corresponding expression in which two years are similarly mentioned means the twelve months beginning on the first day of April in the first mentioned of those years; " war period" means the period beginning at the commencement of this Act and ending at the expiration of the last war year;

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62. " war year" means the year 1939-40 and any subsequent year during the whole or any part of which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is in force; and other expressions have the same meaning as in the principal Act.

Short title, citation and extent. 10. — (1) This Act may be dted as the Sugar Industry Act, 1942. (2) This Act and the principal Act may be dted together as the Sugar Industry Acts, 1936 and 1942. (3) Except in so far as it affects provisions of the prindpal Act which extend to the United Kingdom, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1942.

A nglo- Venezuelan Treaty

(Island of Patos) Act, 1942. Ch. 17.

45

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to approve a Treaty signed on behalf of His Majesty and on behalf of the President of the United States of Venezuela relating to the Island of Patos.

[21st May 1942.I

WHEREAS the treaty set out in the Schedule to this Act has been signed on behalf of His Majesty and on behalf of the President of the United States of Venezuela:

And whereas His Majesty desires that the said treaty may be approved by Parliament before being ratified:

And whereas it is expedient to give such approval:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The approval of Parliament is hereby given to the said Approval of treaty. treaty.

2. This Act may be cited as the Anglo-Venezuelan Treaty Short title. (Island of Patos) Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE.

TREATY WITH THE UNITED STATES OF VENEZUELA RELATING TO ISLAND OF PATOS.

His Majesty The King of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas, Emperor of India, and The President of the United States of Venezuela,

Desiring to regulate in a spirit of goodwill certain questions concerning the status of the Island of Patos,

Have decided to conclude a Treaty for that purpose and, to that end, have named as their Plenipotentiaries

His Majesty The King of Great Britain, Ireland and The British Dominions Beyond the Seas, Emperor of India (hereinafter referred to as His Majesty The King) for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland: Mr. Donald St. Clair Gainer,

Ch. 17. Anglo-Venezudan Treaty 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(Island of Patos) , 1942.

C.M.G., O.B.E., His Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Caracas:

The President of the United States of Venezuela: Dr. Caracciolo Parra-Perez, Minister of Foreign Relations :

Who, having communicated to each other their full powers, found in good and due form, have agreed as follows:

Article 1.

His Majesty The King renounces in favour of the United States of Venezuela all sovereign rights and title over the Island of Patos and transfers to the United States of Venezuela all sovereign rights and title over the said Island which shall thereafter be considered as part of the territory of Venezuela.

Article 2.

If at any time the Venezuelan Government think it necessary to install on the Island of Patos military or naval defence works, whether temporarily or permanently, they shall give timely notice of their intention to His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom.

Article 3.

All differences between the High Contracting Parties relating to the interpretation or execution of this Treaty shall be settled by such peaceful means as are recognised in International Law.

Article 4.

The present Treaty shall be ratified in conformity with the laws of the High Contracting Parties and the ratifications shall be exchanged in London.

The treaty shall come into force on the date upon which ratifications are exchanged.

In witness whereof the above named Plenipotentiaries have signed the present Treaty and have affixed thereto their seals.

Done in duplicate in the English and Spanish languages at Caracas the 26th day of February of 1942.

(Signed) D. St. Clair Gainer.

(Signed) C. Parra-Perez.

1942.

Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve Act, 1942. Ch. 18, 19.

47

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to extend the term of service of members of the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve.

[nth June 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The power under section five of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859, for His Majesty on any emergency by Proclamation to declare that such volunteers as may at the date of such Proclamation be in actual service shall continue in such actual service for a period of five years from the date of their respectively coming into actual service if their services be so long required, shall, during the continuance in force of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, extend, notwithstanding anything in section one of the Naval Forces Act, 1903, to the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve as it extends to the Royal Naval Volunteers.

2. This Act may be cited as the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to exclude from retention under section five of the Coal Act, 1938, interests arising under certain concurrent leases, and for purposes connected therewith.

[nth June 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For the purposes of the Coal Act, 1938, and the Coal (Registration of Ownership) Act, 1937, in their application to England, wherever at the valuation date the terms of years under two leases were subsisting concurrently in any premises, the term under one of them (in this section referred to as the " superior lease ") being held in reversion expectant on the term under the other (in this section referred to as the " inferior lease "), the inferior lease shall be treated as regards those premises as derived out of the superior lease and as being an

Extension of term of service.

22 & 23 Vict, c. 40.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

3 Edw. 7. c. 6.

Short title.

Exclusion from reten,tioi of interests arising under certain concurrent leases.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 52.

1 Edw. 8. and 1 Geo. 6. c. 56

48 Ch. 19,20. Coal (Concurrent 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

under-lease, and those premises shall be treated as sub-demised by the inferior lease, as well where the term under the superior lease began later than, or at the same time as, the term under the inferior lease as where it began earlier.

[Short title.] 2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Coal (Concurrent Leases)

Act, 1942.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with Part 1 of the Coal Act, 1938, and this Act. and that Act may be cited together as the Coal Acts, 1938 and 1942.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the law of Scotland with regard to notice of intended marriage and to subscription by persons unable to write of documents required for the purpose of marriage.

[nth June 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) A party to a marriage intended to be celebrated or contracted in Scotland who had his usual residence in Scotland on the third day of September nineteen hundred and thirty-nine may, whether or not he has ceased to reside in Scotland, give to the registrar of the parish or district in which he had his usual residence on the said day notice of the intended marriage in accordance with the provisions of section seven of the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, or of section one of the Marriage (Scotland) (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940, in like manner as if he had resided in the aforesaid parish or district for a period of fifteen clear days immediately previous to the giving of such notice, and the provisions of the said Acts relating to notices of intended marriages and the granting of certificates of the due publication thereof shall apply accordingly.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. (2) The foregoing subsection shall cease to have effect when the

c. 62. Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, expires.

Amendment of 2. — (1) Section seven of the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act,

41 & 42 Vict. 1878 (which enables notices of intended marriages in Scotland c. 43. ss. 7 & to be given to registrars) shall be amended—

(a) by the omission of the words "residing in Scotland "; and

Notice of intended marriage in Scotland during war period.

41 & 42 Vict, c. 43.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 30.

1942:

Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1942. Ch. 20, 21.

49

(b) by the insertion

(i) after the words "he or she shall have " of the words "his or her usual residence or have " and

(ii) after the words "fifteen clear days " of the word "immediately

(2) Section ten of the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878 (which provides for the manner in which objections to an intending marriage are to be dealt with) shall be amended by the substitution in paragraph (a) for the words from " the persons intending " to " giving notice " of the words "either of the persons intending to contract marriage was not qualified by virtue of residence within the parish or district to give the notice

3. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State by Order from time to time to alter the Schedules annexed to the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, regard being had to the provisions of that Act as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

4. Any person whose signature is required for the purpose of a marriage in accordance with the provisions of section one of the Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1939, and who, by reason of blindness or for any other cause, is unable to write, may sign in the manner prescribed by section sixteen of the Marriage Notice (Scotland) Act, 1878, and the provisions of that section shall apply accordingly.

5. This Act may be cited as the Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1942, and the Marriage (Scotland) Acts, 1834 to 1929, the Marriage Act, 1939 (so far as relating to Scotland) the Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1939, and this Act may be cited together as the Marriage (Scotland) Acts, 1834 to I942-

Power to alter Schedules to 41 & 42 Vict, c. 43.

Signature of blind, &c., persons for purpose of s. 1 of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 34.

Citation.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 33.

CHAPTER 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

Section.

1. Beer.

2. Spirits.

3. Wines.

4. Sweets.

5. Tobacco.

6. Entertainments.

7. Extension of period of stabilisation of Imperial preference in case of

sugar, &c.

8. Rebate on heavy oil used for farm tractors.

9. Suspension of Part I of First Schedule to Finance Act, 1938.

D

50

CH. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Excise Licences.

Section.

10. Relief from duty on liquor licences, and provisions as to justices’

licences, where business discontinued owing to war circumstances.

11. Annual value for duty purposes where business restricted by war

circumstances to part of premises.

12. Reduction of duty for hotels and restaurants applicable notwith-

standing effect of war circumstances on receipts.

13. Reduction of duty on publicans' licences in respect of diminution in

supplies of wines and spirits.

14. Relief from duty where trade diminished by war circumstances.

15. Postponement of instalments of monopoly value payments on annual

licences where business discontinued owing to wrar circumstances.

16. Repeal of s. 14 of Excise Licences Act, 1825.

Part II.

Purchase Tax.

17. Higher rate of purchase tax on certain goods.

18. Charge of purchase tax on account books and plain books.

19. Provision as to orders for relief from purchase tax of utility goods.

20. Priority of purchase tax in bankruptcy, winding-up, &c.

Part III.

Income Tax

21. Income Tax for 1942-43.

22. Higher rates of income tax for 1941-42.

23. Increase of allowance in respect of wife's earned income.

24. Period of assessment in case of certain weekly wage-earners.

25. Extension to 1942-43 of s. n of Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

26. Expenses of employees, &c., in travelling to and from their work.

27. Continuance of allowance for repairs.

28. Farming.

29. Exemption from tax of interest on tax reserve certificates and repeal

of provisions as to allowance of discount on tax paid in advance.

30. Amendment as to national savings certificates and Ulster savings

certificates.

31. Exemption from income tax of accumulated interest on certain

Ulster, colonial and other savings certificates.

32. Alteration of certifying authority for the purposes of s. 18 (1) of

Finance Act, 1941.

33. Extension of time for assessments, proceedings, &c., in cases of fraud

or wilful default.

34. Provisions as to evidence in cases of fraud or wilful default.

35. Power to require production of accounts and books.

Part IV.

Excess Profits Tax and National Defence Contribution.

36. Continuation of the national defence contribution.

37. Amendment of s. 28 of Finance Act, 1941.

38. Exemption from tax of interest on tax reserve certificates.

39. Successions and amalgamations.

40. Amendments of s. 18 (1) of Finance Act, 1941, to apply to excess

profits tax and national defence contribution.

41. Part IV to be retrospective.

Part V.

Miscellaneous and General.

42. Assessment and collection of income tax and land tax.

43. Rate of, and provisions as to redemption of, land tax.

44. Amendment of s. 74 of Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

51

Section.

45. Provisions as to permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

46. Amendment as to deficit for 1941-42.

47. Transfer and registration of Government stock.

48. Amendment of ss. 53 and 55 of National Debt Act, 1870.

49. Short title, construction, extent and repeal.

Schedules.

First Schedule.—Beer (rates of duty and drawback).

Second Schedule.—Spirits (rates of ordinary customs duty).

Third Schedule.—Wines (rates of customs duty).

Fourth Schedule.—Tobacco (rates of duty and drawback).

Fifth Schedule.—Entertainments (rates of duty).

Sixth Schedule.—Provisions as to justices’ licences, and certificates under the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903 to 1924, in suspense by reason of war circumstances.

Seventh Schedule.—Purchase Tax. (Goods chargeable at the higher rate.)

Eighth Schedule.—Purchase Tax. (Amendments of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, consequential on introduction of higher rate of tax.)

Ninth Schedule.—Amendments continuing the national defence contribution.

Tenth Schedule.—Provisions ior simplifying the machinery of assessment, collection, &c.

Eleventh Schedule.—Government Stock.

Twelfth Schedule.—Enactments repealed.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to the Public Revenue and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[24th June 1942.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

CUSTOMS AND EXCISE.

1. — (1) Section one of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 (which Beer, imposes duties of excise and customs in respect of beer) shall *&3 have effect as if Parts I, III and IV of the First Schedule to this Geo"

:. log.

52

Finance Act, 1942.

Part I.

—cont.

Spirits.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 18.

Wines.

Sweets.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 10.

Ch. 21.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act were respectively substituted for Parts I, III and IV of the First Schedule to that Act.

(2) In the case of beer in respect of which it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the increased duty chargeable by virtue of this section has been paid, the provisions of the said section one relating to drawback shall have effect as if Parts II, V and VI of the First Schedule to this Act were respectively substituted for Parts II, V and VI of the First Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

2. —(1) The duties of customs charged on spirits under subsection (1) of section three of the Finance Act, 1920, in addition to the duties specified in Part II of the First Schedule to that Act shall be charged at the increased rates specified in the Second Schedule to this Act; and accordingly the said subsection (1) shall have effect as if the said Schedule to this Act were substituted for Part I of the First Schedule to that Act.

(2) The rate of the duty of excise charged on spirits under subsection (2) of section three of the Finance Act, 1920, in addition to the duties specified in Part III of the First Schedule to that Act shall be increased to six pounds, seventeen shillings and sixpence per gallon computed at proof; and accordingly the said subsection (2) shall have effect as if for the words "four pounds, seventeen shillings and sixpence " there were substituted the words "six pounds, seventeen shillings and sixpence ".

(3) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

3. —(1) Section three of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 (which imposes duties of customs on wines) shall have effect as if Part I and Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act were respectively substituted for Part I and Part II of the Third Schedule to that Act.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

4. —(1) The duty of excise on sweets charged under section six of the Finance Act, 1927, shall—

(a) in the case of sparkling sweets, be at the rate of one

pound, three shillings and ninepence instead of eleven shillings and sixpence per gallon; and (b)

(b) in the case of other sweets, be at the rate of eleven

shillings and sixpence instead of five shillings and sixpence per gallon.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

53

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

5. —(1) Section four of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 (which imposes duties of customs and excise in respect of tobacco) shall have effect as if Parts I and II of the Fourth Schedule to this Act were respectively substituted for Parts I and II of the Third Schedule to that Act.

(2) In the case of tobacco in respect of which it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners that the increased duty chargeable by virtue of this section has been paid, the provisions of the said section four relating to drawback shall have effect as if Part III of the* Fourth Schedule to this Act were substituted for Part III of the Third Schedule to that Act.

(3) Subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1926 (which, as amended by section four of the Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932, provides, inter alia, for the stabilisation of rates of Imperial preference on tobacco for a period expiring on the nineteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-two) shall, in relation to the duties of customs charged on tobacco, have effect as if the said period were extended so as to expire at the end of April, nineteen hundred and forty-three, or such earlier date as Parliament may hereafter determine.

(4) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

6. As respects payments for admission to entertainments held on or after the seventeenth day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-two, other than payments made before the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two, entertainments duty within the meaning of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, shall be charged and be deemed always to have been chargeable—

(a) in the case of entertainments chargeable at reduced rates by virtue of subsection (3) of section one of the Finance Act, 1935 (which relates to stage plays, etc.), at the rates set out in Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act; and

(ft) in the case of other entertainments, at the rates set out in Part II of that Schedule.

7. Subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1926 (which, as amended by section six of the Finance Act, 1940, provides, inter alia, for the stabilisation of rates of Imperial preference in the case of the duties of customs chargeable on sugar, molasses, glucose and saccharin, during a period ending on the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-two) shall, in so far as it relates to the said duties, have effect as if the said period were extended so as to expire at the end of August, nineteen hundred and forty-four.

Part I.

—emit.

Tobacco.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 22.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 53.

Entertain*

ments.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 11.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 24.

Extension ot period of stabilisation of Imperial preference in case of sugar. See

3 & 4 Geo. 6 c. 29.

54

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Part I.

•—cont. Rebate on heavy oil used for farm tractors.

10 & 11 Geo 5. c. 72.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

Suspension of Part I of First Schedule to Finance Act, 1938.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 46.

8. —(1) Section two of the Finance Act, 1935 (which withdraws the rebate on heavy oils used for road transport) shall not apply to heavy oils used as fuel for tractors, agricultural tractors and agricultural engines which are registered under the Roads Act, 1920, in the name of a person engaged in agriculture and are not used on roads for hauling any objects except the produce of, and articles required for the purposes of, the agricultural land occupied by that person; and accordingly, the definition of the expression "vehicle " in paragraph (d) of subsection (7) of that section, shall have effect as if for the words "or there were substituted the words "(c)or

(2) This section shall cease to have effect on the expiration of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939.

9. The duty imposed on the Board of Trade by paragraph 1 of Part I of the First Schedule to the Finance Act, 1938, to lay before Parliament, before the end of March in the year nineteen hundred and forty-two and each of the eight next following years, a certificate stating certain particulars as to the value, and quantity delivered for home consumption, of certain motor spirit and oil—

(a) shall not apply, and shall be deemed never to have

applied, to the year nineteen hundred and forty-two;

(b) shall not apply to any subsequent year, if, at the time

when the certificate would have otherwise been laid by the Board, the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is in force, and the Board are satisfied that the laying of the certificate would be prejudicial to any of the objects mentioned in subsection (1) of section one thereof.

Relief from duty on liquor licences, and

provisions as to justices' licences, where business discontinued owing to war circumstances. 10 Edw. 7.

1 Geo. 5. c. 8.

Excise Licences.

10. — (1) Subsections (1) to (3) of section thirteen of the Finance Act, 1935 (which relate to the repayment or remission of excise duty on licences for the sale of intoxicating liquor taken out under Part II of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, where a business has been temporarily discontinued by reason, amongst other things, of the licensed premises having been destroyed or seriously damaged) shall have effect where the holder of such a licence satisfies the Commissioners that a business has been temporarily discontinued, whether before or after the passing of this Act, by reason of any circumstances directly or indirectly attributable to any war in which His Majesty may be or have been engaged (in this and the next five following sections and in the Sixth Schedule to this Act referred to as " war circumstances ").

(2) Where the Commissioners are satisfied, on an application being made to them for a certificate under this subsection, that a business has been temporarily discontinued by reason of war circumstances, they shall certify accordingly, and any such

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

55

certificate shall state whether or not those circumstances included the destruction of the premises or serious damage thereto.

(3) Where a certificate is given under the last preceding subsection as respects a business carried on in any premises, the justices’ licence granted in respect thereof which was in force immediately before the discontinuance shall, subject as provided by subsection (4) of this section, be, and be deemed to have been, in suspense from the time of the discontinuance until the time when either it is, or is to be deemed to have been, again in force for all purposes by virtue of the provisions of Part I of the Sixth Schedule to this Act in that behalf, or extinguished by virtue of the provisions of Part I of the said Schedule in that behalf.

(4) During the suspension of a licence by virtue of the last preceding subsection the following provisions shall have effect, and be deemed to have had effect, in relation thereto, that is to say,—

(a) the provisions of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 10 Edw. 7.

1910, as to the transfer and removal of justices’ licences, 1 Geo. 5- c 24-subject as respects transfer to the provisions in that behalf of Part I of the Sixth Schedule to this Act;

(b) the provisions of the said Act as to the forfeiture of

justices’ licences and the avoidance thereof by reason of the disqualification of the holder or of the premises, but, as respects disqualification of the premises, subject to the provisions of the next succeeding subsection; and

(c) the provisions of Part I of the Sixth Schedule to this

Act as to the extinguishment of a licence whilst in suspense on grounds relating to the conduct of the holder or to his fitness to be the holder of the licence, or by the compensation authority on reference from the licensing justices;

but the licence shall not be, and shall be deemed not to have been, in force for any purpose except so far as is requisite for giving effect to the said provisions.

(5) Where a certificate is given under subsection (2) of this section as respects a business carried on in any premises, and it is certified that the war circumstances included the destruction of the premises or serious damage thereto, the provisions of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, as to avoidance of justices’ licences by reason of disqualification of premises shall not have effect, and shall be deemed not to have had effect, in relation to a justices’ licence granted in respect of the premises,—

(a) during the suspension of the licence by virtue of sub-

section (3) of this section; or

(b) where the destruction or damage occurred before the

passing of this Act, during any period elapsing between the occurrence thereof and the passing of this Act.

Part I.

—cont.

56

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

3 Edw 7. c. 25.

Annual value for duty purposes where business restricted by war circumstances to part of premises.

(6) For the purposes of this section and of the Sixth Schedule to this Act the destruction of premises or serious damage thereto, though not caused by enemy action or other cause arising from war, shall be deemed in relation to a business carried on therein to be war circumstances if the execution of works necessary to enable the business to be carried on is prevented by war circumstances.

(7) This section shall, in its application to Scotland, have effect subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for any reference to a justices' licence there shall be substituted a reference to a certificate as defined in Part VII of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903; for any reference to the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, there shall be substituted a reference to the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903 to 1934; for any reference to Part I of the Sixth Schedule there shall be substituted a reference to Part II of that Schedule; for any reference to the provisions of the said Act of 1910 as to removal of licences there shall be substituted a reference to the provisions of Part II of the Sixth Schedule as to removal of certificates; and references to the provisions of Part I of the Sixth Schedule as to transfer and to the compensation authority shall not apply;

(b) a certificate which is in suspense by virtue of sub-

section (3) of this section shall not continue so to be unless an application for renewal thereof is duly made and granted at each April half yearly meeting of the licensing court occurring after the passing of this Act during the period of discontinuance of the business, and accordingly subsection (4) of this section shall have effect as if after the word "transfer " where it first occurs therein there were inserted the word "renewal

11. — (1) Where by reason of war circumstances the carrying on of the business carried on in any premises is in any year restricted to a part only of the premises, the duty for that year on any excise licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor on which the duty is charged by reference to the annual value of the premises shall not exceed the amount of the duty which would be chargeable if the annual value of the premises were of an amount equal to the annual value, ascertained as hereinafter provided, of the said part of the premises, and the Commissioners shall grant relief to the holder of the licence accordingly, either by repayment or by remission of duty:

Provided that if the carrying on of the business is restricted for part only of the year, the relief to be granted shall be reduced proportionately.

I942- Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, the annual value of a part of any premises shall be ascertained in like manner as, under subsection (1) of section twelve of the Finance Act, 14 & 15 Geo. 5. 1924, the annual value of licensed premises is to be ascertained c. 21.

in cases where there is no income tax value applicable.

(3) Where relief from duty has become due under subsection (1) of this section, and either the restriction comes to an end or the part of the premises in which the business is carried on is extended, that fact shall, within one month, be notified to the Commissioners, and if this subsection is not complied with the licence shall become void.

(4) Where, by reason of the restriction coming to an end or the part of the premises being extended as aforesaid, the relief granted under subsection (1) of this section proves to have been excessive, the amount of the excess shall be recoverable as a debt due to His Majesty.

12. Where in the case of any such licensed hotel or restaurant Reduction of premises as are mentioned in section forty-five of the Finance duty for hotels (1909-10) Act, 1910, it is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners as respects any year that by reason of war circum- applicable not-stances the reduction of duty provided for by the said section withstanding forty-five, in cases where in the preceding year the receipts from effect of war the sale of intoxicating liquor do not exceed a specified pro- circumstances portion of the total receipts of the business, would apart from on

this section not be applicable, the Commissioners may, if it appears to them necessary so to do to avoid hardship, direct that, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the said reduction is applicable, the said section forty-five shall have effect as if for references to receipts in the preceding year there were substituted references to receipts in such earlier year as the Commissioners think just; but if as the result of such a direction the reduced duty is payable under subsection (1) of the said section forty-five, the amount thereof shall be calculated by reference to the receipts of the preceding year, and not to those of the said earlier year.

13. A reduction of five per cent, of the amount which would Reduction of have been payable apart from this section shall be made (either duty on

by repayment or by remission of duty), in respect of the diminution ^encSTn attributable to war circumstances in supplies of wines and spirits, respect of in the licence duty in respect of a publican's licence granted for a diminution in year beginning in the year nineteen hundred and forty-two supplies of or granted for any later year at the beginning of which the wi?ies "d Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is still in force: spirits.

Provided that this section shall not have effect in relation to a licence granted in respect of any such licensed hotel or restaurant

57

Part I.

—cotit.

58

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Part I.

—cont.

Relief from duty where trade

diminished 1 war circumstances.

Ch. 21. Finance A 1942.

premises as are mentioned in section forty-five of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910.

14. — (1) If in the case of any premises in respect of which a licence for the sale of beer or wines or spirits is held as a separate licence (whether or not any other such licence is so held in respect of the premises) the Commissioners are satisfied, on a comparison of the trade (by quantities) in that liquor in the premises during such periods as will in their opinion afford a just basis of comparison, that war circumstances have caused a diminution of not less than twenty-five per cent, in that trade, they may reduce the duty in respect of the licence, either by repayment or by remission of duty, by two-thirds of twenty-five per cent, thereof, or, if the diminution represents a percentage higher than twenty-five, by two-thirds of that higher percentage of the duty.

(2) If in the case of any premises in respect of which a publican’s licence is held the Commissioners are satisfied as mentioned in the preceding subsection as regards the trade (by quantities) in beer in the premises, or, in the case of premises in Scotland in the case of which the holder of the licence desires relief under this subsection to be given by reference to spirits, as regards the trade (by quantities) in spirits in the premises, they may make such a reduction as is mentioned in that subsection in the amount of the duty in respect of the licence.

(3) If the income tax value of any premises in respect of which relief is granted under this section has been reduced since the fourth day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, the amount of the relief shall be what it would have been if that value had not been so reduced, less the amount by which the duty is diminished in consequence of the reduction of that value.

(4) This section shall have effect, subject to the next succeeding subsection, in relation to licences granted for a year beginning in the year nineteen hundred and forty-two or granted for any later year at the beginning of which the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, is still in force.

(5) This section shall not have effect in relation to a licence granted in respect of any such licensed hotel or restaurant premises as are mentioned in section forty-five of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, or in relation to a licence granted for any year if section eleven of this Act has effect in relation to the duty on the licence for that year:

Provided that, where under the proviso to subsection (1) of the said section eleven the relief allowable under that section is related to a part only of that year, this section shall have effect but the relief allowable thereunder shall be reduced by an amount bearing to the full relief the same proportion as that part of that year bears to the whole of that year.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

59

15. —(1) Where—

(a) a justices’ on-licence granted as an annual licence is in

force as respects any premises, and a condition attached to the licence requires the making of payments on any specified dates for securing monopoly value; and

(b) the business carried on in the premises is temporarily

discontinued by reason of war circumstances,

the Commissioners may direct that any of the payments shall not be payable until such later date as may be specified in the direction, and where such a direction is given the conditions attached to the licence shall have effect accordingly.

(2) A direction given under this section may specify different dates for different parts of any payment.

16. It is hereby declared that section fourteen of the Excise Licences Act, 1825 (which provided that no excise on-licence for the sale of spirits or sweets should be granted except to holders of excise on-licences for the sale of beer) does not apply, and never has applied, to any of the licences charged with duty under Part II of the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910, and the said section fourteen is hereby expressly repealed.

Part I.

—cont. Postponement of instalments of monopoly value

payments on annual

licences where business discontinued owing to war circumstances.

Repeal of s. 14 of Excise

Licences Act, 1825.

6 Geo. 4. c. 8j.

Part II.

PURCHASE TAX.

17. — (1) In the case of goods falling within any of the classes Higher rate specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Act, being goods falling of purchase within any of the classes specified in the first column of the tax on certain Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, and not falling go° s* within any of the classes specified in the second or third column of that Schedule, purchase tax becoming due on the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two, or (subject to any order under section twenty of the said Act) thereafter, shall be charged at a rate to be called the " higher rate ", which shall be twro-thirds of the wholesale value of the goods.

(2) Where in respect of goods bought under a purchase made before the said fifteenth day of April, any purchase tax which would have been chargeable at the basic rate if this Act had not been passed becomes chargeable at the higher rate, the seller may, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, recover, as an addition to the consideration, a sum equal to the excess of the amount of the tax chargeable in respect of the goods over what it would have been if this Act had not been passed.

(3) There shall be made in the provisions of the Finance (No. 2)

Act, 1940, specified in the first column of the Eighth Schedule to this Act (which relate to the matters specified in the second column

Finance Act, 1942.

60

Part II.

—cont.

Charge of purchase tax on account books and plain books.

Provision as to orders for relief from purchase tax of utility goods.

Ch. 21.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

thereof) the consequential amendments specified in the third column thereof.

18. — (1) Purchase tax shall become chargeable at the basic rate in respect of the following goods, namely, account books and plain books (whether ruled or not).

(2) In accordance with the preceding subsection the Seventh Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, shall be amended by deleting from the third column thereof the reference to such books as aforesaid.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two, and shall have effect in respect of any such books as aforesaid—

(a) delivered on the said fifteenth day of April or (subject to

any order under section twenty of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940) thereafter, if the purchase under which the goods are bought is other than an importer’s purchase; or

(b) entered for home use on that day or (subject as aforesaid)

thereafter, if the purchase is an importer's purchase.

(4) Where in respect of any such books as aforesaid bought under a purchase made before the said fifteenth day of April, any purchase tax which would not have been chargeable if this Act had not been passed becomes chargeable, the seller may, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, recover, as an addition to the consideration, a sum equal to the amount of the tax chargeable in respect of the books.

19. — (1) In an order made under section twenty of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, directing that purchase tax shall cease to be chargeable, or that a lower rate shall be substituted for a greater rate, the definition of the class of goods in respect of which the order is to have effect may be limited by reference to use of the utility mark, notwithstanding that the effect of the order as respects any particular goods may be thereby rendered dependent on the operation for the time being of any provision made by or under the Apparel and Textiles Order, 1942, or by or under any other order made by the Board of Trade for regulating the use of the said mark in relation to goods of any kind.

(2) In this section the expression "the utility mark" means the mark shown in the Third Schedule to the Apparel and Textiles Order, 1942.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the first day of June, nineteen hundred and forty-two, being the date of the coming into operation of the said Order.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

61

20. — (1) There shall be included among the debts which, under section thirty-three of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, are to be paid in priority to all other debts in the distribution of the property of a bankrupt or person dying insolvent, the amount of any purchase tax due from the bankrupt at the date of the receiving order, or from the person so dying at the date of his death, and having become due within twelve months next before that date.

(2) There shall be included among the debts which, under section two hundred and sixty-four of the Companies Act, 1929, are to be paid in priority to all other debts in the winding-up of a company, the amount of any purchase tax due from the company at the relevant date within the meaning of that section, and having become due within twelve months next before that date.

(3) Where a receiver is appointed on behalf of the holders of any debentures of a company secured by a floating charge, or possession is taken by or on behalf of those debenture holders of any property comprised in or subject to the charge, there shall be included among the debts which, under section seventy-eight of the Companies Act, 1929, are to be paid in priority to any claim for principal or interest in respect of the debentures, the amount of any purchase tax due at the date of the appointment of the receiver or of possession being taken as aforesaid, and having become due within twelve months next before that date.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland, the following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1)—

" (1) There shall be included among the debts which, under section one hundred and eighteen of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913, are to be paid in priority to all other debts in the division of a bankrupt's estate, the amount of any purchase tax due by the bankrupt at the date mentioned in subsection (4) of that section, and having become due within twelve months next before that date.";

and the last foregoing subsection shall not apply to a company registered in Scotland.

(5) In the application of this section to Northern Ireland, the following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1)—

" (1) There shall be included among the debts which, under section one of the Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy Act (Northern Ireland), 1933, are to be paid in priority to all other debts in the distribution of the property of a bankrupt, arranging debtor or person dying insolvent, the amount of any purchase tax due—

(a) from the bankrupt, at the date of the order of adjudication; or

Part II.

—cont. Priority of purchase tax in bankruptcy, winding-up, &c.

4&5 Geo. 5. c. 59.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 23.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 20.

62

Part II.

— con.

Income tax for 1942-43.

Higher rates of income tax for 1941-42.

Increase of allowance in respect of wife's earned income.

Period of assessment in case of

Ch. 21. Finance Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(b) from the arranging debtor, at the date of the filing of

the petition for arrangement; or

(c) from the person so dying, at the date of his death;

and having become due within twelve months next before that date.";

and subsections (2) and (3) of this section shall have effect as if references to section two hundred and thirty-four and to section seventy-six of the Companies Act (Northern Ireland), 1932, were respectively substituted for references to section two hundred and sixty-four and to section seventy-eight of the Companies Act, 1929.

Part III.

INCOME TAX.

21. —(1) Income tax for the year 1942-43 shall be charged at the standard rate of ten shillings in the pound, and, in the case of an individual whose total income exceeds one thousand five hundred pounds, at such higher rates in respect of the excess over one thousand five hundred pounds as Parliament may hereafter determine.

(2) All such enactments as had effect with respect to the income tax charged for the year 1941-42, other than such enactments as by their terms relate only to tax for that year, shall have effect with respect to the income tax charged for the year 1942-43.

22. Income tax for the year 1941-42 shall be charged at rates exceeding the standard rate in the case of individuals whose total incomes exceed two thousand pounds and in respect of the excess of their total incomes over that sum; and the said rates shall be rates in the pound which respectively exceed the standard rate for the year 1941-42 by the amounts specified in the second column of the Table in subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

23. Section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1920 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments, provides, in the case of married persons, for a deduction of tax on one hundred and forty pounds, increased, in a case where the total income of the claimant includes earned income of his wife, by an amount equal to nine-tenths of that earned income or by forty-five pounds, whichever is the less,) shall have effect as if the words "eighty pounds " were substituted for the words "forty-five pounds."

24. —(1) The power conferred on the Commissioners of Inland Revenue by section one hundred and thirty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1918, to make regulations as to certain weekly

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

63

wage-earners shall extend to making provision in relation to any classes of weekly wage-earners that, for the purposes of the Income Tax Acts, such two portions of any year of assessment together amounting to a year as may be specified in the regulations in relation to those classes respectively, shall be treated as being each a half year, and, if any such regulations are made, references in the said Acts to half years and to half yearly assessment and charge shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Section two hundred and thirty-six of the said Act (which relates to the laying of regulations before Parliament) shall apply to regulations made by virtue of this section, as it applies to the regulations mentioned in that section.

25. Section eleven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, (which grants relief in respect of diminution of earned income owing to circumstances directly or indirectly connected with the present war) shall apply in relation to tax for the year 1942-43 as it applies in relation to tax for the year 1939-40, with the adaptation that references to the year 1939-40 shall be construed as references to the year 1942-43 and references to the year 1938-39 shall be construed as references to the year 1941-42.

26. —(1) If it is shown in the case of a person assessed to income tax under Schedule E in respect of any office or employment (not being a weekly wage-earner assessed in accordance with Rule 2 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D) that his place of work or his residence has changed through circumstances connected with the present war, and that in consequence he is obliged to incur and defray out of the emoluments of the office or employment additional expense in travelling between his residence and his work, the additional expense so incurred and defrayed shall be allowed as a deduction from emoluments in computing the amount of the assessment, so, however, that not more than ten pounds shall be so allowed in the case of any person in any year.

(2) In this section the expression "emoluments " has the same meaning as in section forty-five of the Finance Act, 1927.

27. —(1) Section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1923 (which relates to the allowance for repairs and which was continued in force by section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1937, until the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two) shall continue in force until the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-seven.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

28. —(1) In subsection (1) of section eleven of the Finance Act, 1941 (which specifies the cases where farming is exempted from compulsory assessment under Schedule D), for the words "three

Part III.

—cont. certain

weekly wage-earners.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 40.

Extension to

1942-43 of

s. 11 of

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

Expenses of employees, &c. in

travelling to and from their work.

Continuance of allowance for repairs.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 14.

1 Edw. 8.

1 Geo. 6. c. 54.

Farming.

4 & 5 Geo. c. 30.

64

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Part III.

—cont.

hundred pounds " there shall, as respects tax for the year 1942-43 and subsequent years of assessment, be substituted the words "one hundred pounds.'*

(2) In the definition of the expression "assessable value " in Schedule B of the Income Tax Act, 1918, for the words "means in relation to tax under this Schedule an amount equal to the annual value " there shall be substituted the words "means in relation to tax under this Schedule an amount equal to three times the annual value

(3) Rule 5 of the Rules applicable to Schedule B (which allows fanners who would otherwise be charged under Schedule B to elect to be charged under Schedule D) shall not have effect as respects tax for the year 1942-43 or any subsequent year of assessment, except in so far as it is applied in relation to woodlands by Rule 7 of the said Rules.

(4) In considering, in relation to farming, whether any, and if so what, relief may be given to any person for the year 1942-43 or any subsequent year of assessment under section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1926, or section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1927 (which relate to the carrying forward of losses) there may, if that person or a partnership of which he is a member is, by virtue of this section, chargeable under Schedule D for the year 1942-43 in respect of his or their farming, be carried forward to the year 1942-43 and subsequent years of assessment from the years of assessment preceding the year 1942-43 the amount (if any) which would have fallen to be carried forward to those years respectively if that person and every partnership of which he was a member had been charged under Schedule D in respect of his or their farming for all those preceding years and had been given in those preceding years all the relief which he or they could have been given under those sections if he or they had been so charged.

(5) Where on a claim made for the purposes of this subsection within twelve months from the end of the year 1942-43 it is proved that the profits or gains from farming in that year of any individual or partnership of individuals are less than the amount of the profits or gains by reference to which he or they is or are charged by virtue of this section for that year—

(a) that individual or partnership of individuals shall be entitled to such relief from income tax, other than surtax, as will reduce the amount of income tax, other than surtax, payable to the amount which would have been payable if he or they had been charged by reference to the actual profits or gains for that year;

(b) the individual, or, in the case of a partnership of indivi-

duals, each of the individuals, shall be entitled to such

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

65

relief from the surtax, if any, payable by him for that year as will reduce the amount of surtax so payable to the amount which would have been payable if the individual or, as the case may be, the partnership had been charged as aforesaid.

(6) In this section the expression "farming " has the same meaning as in section ten of the Finance Act, 1941.

29. —(1) Income tax shall not be chargeable for the year 1941-42 or any subsequent year of assessment in respect of the interest on tax reserve certificates issued by the Treasury.

(2) Section one hundred and fifty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which provides for an allowance of discount on tax paid in advance under Schedule D) shall not have effect as respects tax for the year 1942-43 or any subsequent year of assessment.

30. Section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1922 (which grants relief from income tax in respect of national savings certificates and Ulster savings certificates) shall have effect and be deemed always to have had effect as if at the end of subsection (1) thereof there were inserted the words "and whether the sum payable on the maturity of the certificate is one pound or any other sum," and as if at the end of subsection

(2) thereof there were inserted the words "and whether the sum payable on maturity is the same as in the case of national savings certificates or not."

31. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the accumulated interest payable in respect of such savings certificates as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section shall be exempt from income tax.

(2) The said savings certificates are such savings certificates issued by the Government of Northern Ireland or of any colony as are declared by regulations made by the Treasury to be certificates the proceeds of the sale of which have been made available to His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom.

(3) The exemption from income tax provided for by this section shall not extend to the interest on any certificate unless the person beneficially entitled to that certificate when it was issued was then resident—

(a) in the case of a certificate issued by the Government of Northern Ireland, in Northern Ireland;

(ft) in the case of a certificate issued in a colony, in that colony or in such neighbouring territory (if any) as may be prescribed in relation to that colony.

(4) If, at the date of the encashment of any such certificates, the total savings certificate holding of the person beneficially entitled

E

Part III.

—cont.

Exemption from tax of interest on tax reserve certificates and repeal of provisions as to allowance of discount on tax paid in advance. Amendment as to national savings certificates, and Ulster savings certificates.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Exemption from income tax of

accumulated interest on certain Ulster, colonial and other savings certificates.

Finance Act, 1942.

66 Ch. 21.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Part III. —cont.

Alteration of certifying authority for the purposes of s. 18 (1) of Finance Act, 1941.

Extension of time for assessments, proceedings, &c. in cases of fraud or wilful default,

to the certificates encashed, computed in the prescribed manner, exceeds the prescribed limit, the said exemption—

(a) shall not extend to the interest on the encashed certificates

unless the encashment thereof brings the total savings certificate holding of the said person, computed as aforesaid, below the prescribed limit; and

(b) shall then extend only to the interest on so much of the

encashed certificates as is equal to the amount by which the said total holding, so computed, is brought by the encashment below the prescribed limit.

In this subsection the expression " the total savings certificate holding 0 means, in relation to a person, his total holding of such certificates as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section and savings certificates issued by the Treasury through the Post Office.

(5) This section shall apply in relation to any protectorate or protected state or any territory in respect of which a mandate from the League of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty and is being exercised by His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom as it applies in relation to a colony; and in this section the expression "prescribed" means prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury.

(6) Nothing in this section shall deprive any person of any exemption from income tax under subsection (2) of section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1922 (which exempts from income tax interest on Ulster savings certificates held by a person resident and domiciled in Northern Ireland).

32. Certificates for the purposes of subsection (1) of section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1941, that arrangements for the concentration of industry or business in the hands of fewer persons are approved by the certifying authority and are in their opinion in the national interest, having regard to the exigencies of the present war, may, after the passing of this Act, be given by or on behalf of any other government department as well as by or on behalf of the Board of Trade, and the said section eighteen (which relates to the treatment for income tax purposes of trades affected by arrangements so certified) shall have effect accordingly; but no certificate given after the passing of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the said subsection (1) unless the Treasury concur in the giving of the certificate.

33. —(1) Where any form of fraud or wilful default has been committed by or on behalf of any person in connection with or in relation to income tax for the year 1936-37 or any subsequent year of assessment, assessments, additional assessments and surcharges on that person to income tax for that year may, for the purpose of making good to the Crown any loss of tax attributable

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

67

to the fraud or wilful default, be amended or made at any time, notwithstanding that, apart from this section, the time limited by the relevant enactments for the amendment or making of the assessment, additional assessment or sur-charge has expired.

(2) The time limited by the Income Tax Acts for commencing proceedings for the recovery of any fine or penalty from any person in connection with or in relation to any income tax covered by any assessment (being income tax for the year 1936-37 or any subsequent year of assessment) shall, where any form of fraud or wilful default has been committed by him or on his behalf in connection with or in relation to that tax, be extended so as to authorise the commencement of such proceedings at any time within three years from the final determination of the amount of tax covered by the assessment.

For the purposes of this subsection the amount of the tax covered by any assessment shall not be deemed to be finally determined until that assessment can no longer be varied, whether by any Commissioners on appeal or by the order of any court.

(3) An objection to the amending or making of any assessment, additional assessment or sur-charge to income tax on the ground that the time limited for the amendment or making thereof has expired shall only be made on appeal from the assessment, additional assessment or sur-charge.

(4) Nothing in this section shall extend the time for the bringing of any proceedings against, or the amending or making of any assessments, additional assessments or sur-charges on, the personal representatives of any person by or on whose behalf any form of fraud or wilful default has been committed.

34. — (1) Statements made or documents produced by or on behalf of a person shall not be inadmissible in evidence against him in any such proceedings as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section by reason only that it has been drawn to his attention that—

(a) in relation to income tax the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue may accept pecuniary settlements instead of instituting proceedings;

(b) though no undertaking can be given as to whether or

not those Commissioners will accept such a settlement in the case of any particular person, it is the practice of the Commissioners to be influenced by the fact that a person has made a full confession of any fraud or default to which he has been a party, and has given full facilities for investigation,

and that he was or may have been induced thereby to make the statements or produce the documents.

Part III.

—cont.

Provisions 7 as to evidence in cases of fraud or wilful default.

68

Part III.

—cont.

Power to require production of accounts and books.

Ch. 21. Finance Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(2) The proceedings mentioned in subsection (1) of this section are—

(a) any criminal proceedings against the person in question for any form of fraud or wilful default in connection with or in relation to income tax;

(b) any proceedings against him for the recovery of any sum due from him, whether by way of tax or penalty, in connection with or in relation to income tax.

35. — (1) Where a person who has been duly required to deliver a statement of the profits or gains arising to him from any trade, profession or vocation fails to deliver the statement, or where the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are not satisfied with the statement delivered by any such person, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may serve on that person a notice in writing or notices in writing requiring him to do any of the following things, that is to say—

(a) to deliver to the surveyor copies of such accounts

(including balance sheets) relating to the trade, profession or vocation as may be specified or described in the notice within such period as may be therein specified, including, where the accounts have been audited, a copy of the auditor's certificate :

(b) to make available, within such time as may be specified

in the notice, for inspection by the surveyor or by any officer authorised by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, all such books, accounts and documents in his possession or power as may be specified or described in the notice, being books, accounts and documents which contain information as to transactions of the trade, profession or vocation,

and, if a person on whom any such notice is served fails without reasonable excuse to comply with the requirements of the notice, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds and, after judgment has been given for that penalty, to a further penalty of the like amount for every day during which the failure continues.

Where the person on whom the notice is served is a body corporate, that body corporate shall be liable to a penalty when there is any failure to comply with the notice, as well as the secretary or other officer performing the duties of secretary of the body corporate.

(2) The power conferred by section one hundred and thirty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1918, on commissioners hearing appeals to issue precepts to the appellant ordering the delivery of schedules of particulars shall extend to the issue of precepts requiring the appellant to make available, within the time limited by the

1942. Finance Act, 1942. Ch.

precept, for their inspection or that of the surveyor or any officer authorised by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, all such books, accounts or documents in his possession or power as may be specified or described in the precept, being books, accounts or documents which, in the opinion of the commissioners issuing the precept, contain or may contain information relating to the subject matter of the appeal.

(3) The surveyor or other officer or the commissioners may take copies of, or extracts from, any books, accounts or documents made available for his or their inspection under this section.

Part IV.

EXCESS PROFITS TAX AND NATIONAL DEFENCE CONTRIBUTION.

36. —(1) The national defence contribution shall continue to be charged until such date as Parliament may hereafter determine, and accordingly the enactments referred to in the Ninth Schedule to this Act shall be amended in the manner specified in that Schedule.

(2) In this and in any other Act, the expression " the years of charge to the national defence contribution" means the period beginning with the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-seven, and ending with the date determined by Parliament which is referred to in subsection (1) of this section.

37. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section twenty-eight of the Finance Act, 1941:—

" (1) After the termination of hostilities in the present war, there shall be ascertained and recorded, as respects every person who has paid any excess profits tax for any of the periods in respect of which the tax is chargeable at the rate of a hundred per cent, the amount (if any) by which the total sum paid by him by way of excess profits tax and the national defence contribution (less any sum repaid or repayable on account of any deficiency of profits or otherwise) would have been decreased if the rate of excess profits tax had been eighty per cent, in respect of all those periods, and the amount so ascertained. and recorded as aforesaid shall, if such conditions as Parliament may hereafter determine are satisfied (being conditions relating to the distribution, application or capitalisation of profits for the benefit of shareholders, whether by the payment of dividends, by the issue of bonus shares or debentures, or by any other means whatsoever), be repaid at such date as Parliament may hereafter determine:

*>9'

Part III.

—cont.

Continuation of the national defence contribution.

Amendment of s. 28 of Finance Act, 1941.

70

CH. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Part IV.

—cotit.

Exemption from tax of interest on tax reserve certificates. Successions and amalgamations.

Amendments of s. 18 (1) of Finance Act, 1941, to apply to excess profits tax and national defence contribution.

Part IV to be retrospective.

Assessment and collection of income tax and land tax.

Provided that, in ascertaining the said amount, the capital employed in the trade or business shall be computed on the basis that the rate of tax during the said periods was a hundred per cent."

38. Neither excess profits tax nor the national defence contribution shall be chargeable in respect of the interest on tax reserve certificates issued by the Treasury.

39. The right of appeal to the Board of Referees conferred by the proviso to subsection (4) of section thirty-eight of the Finance Act, 1940 (which subsection enables the Commissioners to modify the enactments relating to the computation, for the purposes of excess profits tax, of profits and capital in certain cases of succession or amalgamation) shall extend to cases where the Commissioners refuse to make any modification requested by the person carrying on the trade or business, and accordingly for the said proviso the following proviso shall be substituted:—

" Provided that if the Commissioners make any such modifications and the person carrying on the trade or business is dissatisfied with the modifications so made, or if the Commissioners refuse to make any modification requested by the person carrying on the trade or business and he is dissatisfied with the refusal, he may appeal to the Board of Referees."

40. It is hereby declared that the provisions of Part III of this Act as to the certification for the purposes of subsection (1) of section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1941, of arrangements for the concentration of industry or business in the hands of fewer persons have effect also for the purposes of section thirty-seven of that Act (which relates to the treatment for purposes of excess profits tax of trades and businesses affected by arrangements to which the said section eighteen applies) and for the purposes of the said section thirty-seven as applied by section forty-three of that Act to the national defence contribution.

41. The enactments relating to excess profits tax and the national defence contribution shall be deemed always to have had effect as amended and extended by this Part of this Act.

Part V.

MISCELLANEOUS AND GENERAL.

42. The provisions of the Tenth Schedule to this Act shall, until Parliament otherwise determines, have effect for the purpose of simplifying the procedure for the assessment and collection of income tax and land tax.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

7i

43. — (1) The rate of land tax fixed in any land tax parish shall Part V. not, for the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-three, or any subsequent year, 1^onsas exceed the rate which was fixed in that parish for the year ending £0 redemption on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty, of, land tax. and any excess of the unredeemed quota of the land tax charged against a land tax parish above the amount produced by that rate shall be remitted.

(2) Where any person shows to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that for the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-one, or for the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-two, he has borne any sum on account of land tax which was in excess of the sum which he would have borne if the rate of tax for that year had, in the land tax parish in which the land was situate, been fixed for that year at the rate in force therein for the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty, he shall, on making application in that behalf to the said Commissioners at any time before the expiration of twelve months from the commencement of this Act, be entitled to repayment of the excess.

(3) The capital sum to be paid under section thirty-two of

the Finance Act, 1896, as amended by section sixty-four of the 59 & 60 Vict.

Finance Act, 1921, by the owner of any land to the Commis- c*

sioners of Inland Revenue for the purpose of the redemption "*12 Geo'5*

of land tax charged on that land, shall, in the case of any contract

entered into on or after the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred

and forty-two, be a sum equal to twenty-five times the sum assessed

on that land by the assessment made and signed for the year

ending on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred

and forty, instead of a sum equal to twenty-five times the sum

assessed thereon by the assessment last made and signed.

(4) This section shall be construed as one with Part VI of the Finance Act, 1896.

44. Subsection (2) of section seventy-four of the Finance Amendment of

(1909-10) Act, 1910, which— s. 74 of Finance

' ' > y > (1909-10) Act,

(a) provides that the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may 1910.

be required to express their opinion as to the stamp requisite for any conveyance or transfer operating as a voluntary disposition inter vivos; and

(b) provides that no such conveyance or transfer is to be

deemed to be duly stamped unless the Commissioners have so expressed their opinion thereon,

shall not apply and shall be deemed never to have applied to the conveyances and transfers which are by subsection (6) of that

72

CH. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Part V.

—cow/.

Provisions as to permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17.

Amendment as to deficit for 1941-42. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 28.

Transfer and registration of Government stock.

section exempted from the ad valorem stamp duty imposed by subsection (1) thereof (that is to say, certain conveyances or transfers made for securing repayments of advances and loans or connected with trusts or not passing any beneficial interest, and certain disentailing assurances), and accordingly the said subsection (6) shall have effect and shall be deemed always to have had effect as if, at the beginning thereof, there were inserted the words "The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to " and as if the words 0 shall not be charged with duty under this section " were omitted.

45. —(1) The permanent annual charge for the National Debt for the financial year ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-three, shall be the sum of three hundred and twenty-five million pounds instead of the sum of three hundred and fifty-five million pounds.

(2) The Treasury may at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, for providing any sums required during the said financial year for the purposes mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (4) of section twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1928, and the amount required by the said subsection (4) to be issued from the permanent annual charge for the National Debt for the purposes aforesaid in that year shall be decreased by the amount raised under this subsection.

(3) Any securities created and issued to raise money under the last preceding subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under the National Loans Act, 1939.

46. No issue shall be made out of the Consolidated Fund under section forty-eight of the Finance Act, 1930 (which provides in the case of a deficit in any year for the redemption in the next year of a corresponding amount of debt) in respect of the deficit for the financial year ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

47. — (1) The Treasury may by regulations provide—

(a) for the transfer in law by instrument in writing of stock and registered bonds of the descriptions specified in Part I of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act; (b)

(b) for the keeping by the Banks of England and Ireland of

registers of the holders of such stock and bonds and as to the matters to be entered in the registers, and for enabling the registers to be closed in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the regulations;

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

73

1942.

(c) as to the issue of documents of title relating to such

stock and bonds and as to evidence of title thereto;

(d) as to the transfer of such stock or bonds from England

to Ireland and from Ireland to England;

(e) for any incidental, supplementary or transitional matters

relating to such stock and bonds, and to transactions connected therewith, for which it appears to the Treasury to be necessary or expedient to provide.

(2) As from the date on which the first regulations made under this section come into operation, all such stock and bonds as aforesaid shall be transferable in law in manner provided by regulations so made, and in no other manner, and accordingly the enactments and Order in Council set out in Part II of the Eleventh Schedule to this Act shall be amended to the extent specified in the third column of that Part, and the enactments and Order in Council set out in Part III of the said Schedule shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part.

(3) When the Treasury propose to make any regulations under this section, they shall lay a draft thereof before Parliament, and if either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which the draft of the regulations is laid before it resolves that the regulations shall not be made, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without prejudice to the laying of new draft regulations before Parliament.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect—

(a) any stock in respect of which a stock certificate issued

under Part V of the National Debt Act, 1870, is for the time being outstanding, or any other bearer security;

(b) any stock or registered bonds for the time being entered

in the books of the Bank of Ireland kept in the office of their Accountant General at Dublin;

(c) the Post Office register established under the War Loan

(Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915, or any stock or securities for the time being inscribed or registered therein.

48. — (1) Sections fifty-three and fifty-five of the National Debt Act, 1870 (which relate to the transfer and re-transfer of unclaimed stock) shall, in relation to the Bank of England, have effect as if the references to the deputy accountant general of the Bank included references to the assistant accountant general

Part V.

—cont.

33 & 34 Vict, c. 71.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 93.

Amendment of ss. 53 and 55 of National Debt Act, 1870.

74

Part V.

—cont.

Short title, construction, extent and repeal.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 36.

Ch. 21. Finance Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

of the Bank, and as if the references to the secretary or deputy or assistant secretary of the Bank were omitted, and any enactment applying those sections or either of them shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Nothing in the last foregoing subsection shall affect the validity of anything done before the passing of this Act.

49. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1942.

(2) Part I of this Act—

(0) so far as it relates to duties of customs, shall be construed as one with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876; and

(6) so far as it relates to duties of excise, shall be construed as one with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and to the management of those duties.

and in the said Part I the expression "the Commissioners" means the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

(3) Part II of this Act shall be construed as one with Part V of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

(4) Part III of this Act shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts.

(5) Part IV of this Act, so far as it relates to excess profits tax, shall be construed as one with Part III of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939.

(6) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(7) Such of the provisions of Parts I and V of this Act as relate to matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(8) The enactments specified in the Twelfth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

75

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Beer (Rates of Duty and Drawback)

Section 1.

Part I.

Rate of Excise Duty.

£ s. d.

For every 36 gallons of worts of a specific gravity of 1,027 degrees or less 5 18 ij

For every 36 gallons of worts of a specific gravity exceeding 1,027 degrees—

For the first 1,027 degrees 5 18 1}

For every additional degree in excess of 1,027 degrees 044}

and so in proportion for any less number of gallons.

Part II.

Rate of Excise Drawback.

£ s. d.

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity of 1,027 degrees or less • 5 *8 3l

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity exceeding 1,027 degrees—

For the first 1,027 degrees 5 18 3J

For every additional degree in excess of 1,027 degrees 044}

and so in proportion for any less number of gallons.

As respects beer the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity of less than 1,027 degrees, the amount of drawback allowable shall not exceed by more than twopence for every 36 gallons the amount of duty which is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been paid.

Part III.

Rate of Customs Duty in Case of Beer being an Empire Product.

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fer- s. d. mentation, of a specific gravity of 1,027 degrees or less ... 5 18 6$

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity exceeding 1,027 degrees—

For the first 1,027 degrees 5 18 6J

For every additional degree in excess of 1,027 degrees 044}

and so in proportion for any less number of gallons.

76

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

1ST Sch.

—cont.

Part IV.

Rate of Customs Duty in Case of Beer not being an Empire Product.

s. d.

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity of 1,027 degrees or less ... 6 18 6}

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity exceeding 1,027 degrees—

For the first 1,027 degrees 6 18 6}

For every additional degree in excess of 1,027 degrees 044}

and so in proportion for any less number of gallons.

Part V.

Rate of Customs Drawback in case of Beer being an Empire Product.

£ s. d.

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity of 1,027 degrees or less ... 5 18 3$

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity exceeding 1,027 degrees—

For the first 1,027 degrees 5 18 3

For every additional degree in excess of 1,027 degrees 044}

and so in proportion for any less number of gallons.

As respects beer the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity of less than 1,027 degrees, the amount of drawback allowable shall not exceed the amount of duty which is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been paid, less threepence for every 36 gallons.

Part VI.

Rate of Customs Drawback in Case of Beer not being an Empire Product.

£ s. d.

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity of 1,027 degrees or less ... 6 18 3$

For every 36 gallons the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity exceeding 1,027 degrees—

For the first 1,027 degrees 6 18 3J

For every additional degree in excess of 1,027 degrees o 4 4J

and so in proportion for any less number of gallons.

As respects beer the worts whereof were, before fermentation, of a specific gravity of less than 1,027 degrees, the amount of drawback allowable shall not exceed the amount of duty which is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been paid, less threepence for every 36 gallons.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

77

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 2.

Spirits (Rates of Ordinary Customs Duty).

Description of Spirits. Preferential Rates. Full Rates.

In cask. In bottle. In cask. In bottle.

For every gallon computed at proof of— £ 8. d. £ s. d. £ 8. d. £ 8. d.

Brandy or mm 6 17 10 6 18 10 704 7 1 4

Imitation rum or geneva... Unsweetened spirits other than those already enu- 6 17 11 6 18 11 705 7 1 5

merated For every gallon of per- 6 17 11 6 17 11 705 7<>5

fumed spirits ... For every gallon of liqueurs, cordials, mixtures and other preparations in bottle entered in such manner as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested For every gallon computed at proof of spirits of any description not heretofore mentioned, including naphtha and methylic alcohol purified so as to . be potable, and mixtures and preparations 11 0 0 11 1 0 9 6 10 M M 1 0 11 5 0 9 10 2

containing spirits 6 17 11 6 18 11 705 7 1 5

THIRD SCHEDULE. Section 3.

Wines (Rates of Customs Duty).

Part I.

Non-Empire Products. Description of Wine.

Not exceeding 25 degrees proof spirit

Exceeding 25 degrees proof spirit and not exceeding 42

degrees proof spirit

For every degree or fraction of a degree above 42 degrees

proof spirit, an additional duty

Sparkling, an additional duty

Still, in bottle, an additional duty

Rate of duty per gallon.

i s. d. 14 o

180

2 4

18 9

3 o

7*

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

3RD SCH.

—cont.

Part II. Empire Products.

Rate of

Description of Wine. duty per

gallon.

£ s. d.

Exceeding 27 degrees proof spirit and not exceeding 42

degrees proof spirit 140

For every degree or fraction of a degree above 42 degrees

proof spirit, an additional duty 20

Sparkling, an additional duty 12 6

Still, in bottle, an additional duty 20

Section 5

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Tobacco (Rates of Duty and Drawback). Part I.

Customs Duties. Description of Tobacco.

Tobacco unmanufactured—

Rate of duty per pound.

I s. d.

containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof—

unstripped

stripped

containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof—

unstripped

stripped

Tobacco manufactured, viz.:—

Cigars

Cigarettes ...

Cavendish or Negrohead

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured in bond ...

Other manufactured tobacco

196 1 9 6*

i 10 6 1 10 6}

1 18 1 1 14 7 1 13 9 1 12 0 1 12 0

Snuff-

containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs.

weight thereof 1 n 4

containing not more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof ' 1 13 9

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

1942.

Finance Act,. 1942.

Ch. 21.

79

Part II.

Excise Duties. Description of Tobacco.

Tobacco unmanufactured—

containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof

containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof

Tobacco manufactured, viz.:—

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured in bond

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

Rate of duty per pound.

i s. d.

1 7 3i 1 8 oj

1 9 4i

Part III. Drawback.

Rate per pound.

Description of Tobacco. In respect of tobacco on which full customs duty has been paid. In respect of tobacco on which customs duty at a preferential rate or excise duty, has been paid

£ 8- d- £ s. d.

Cigars 1 11 9 I 9

Cigarettes Cut. roll, cake or other manufactured 1 10 6 1 8 4*

tobacco 1 10 3 1 8 2

Snuff (not being offal snuff) Stalks, shorts, or other refuse of tobacco. 1 10 0 1 7 11

including offal snuff 1 9 9 1 7 8*

4TH SCH.

—cont.

8o

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Section 6.

FIFTH SCHEDULE. Entertainments (Rates of Duty).

Part I.

Reduced Rates.

Amount of Payment.

Where the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of duty—

exceeds 3d. and does not exceed u£d. exceeds n$d. and does not exceed is. 4d. exceeds is. 4d. and does not exceed is. 8d. exceeds is. 8d. and does not exceed is. iod. exceeds is. iod. and does not exceed 2s. ... exceeds 2s. and does not exceed 2s. 4d. ... exceeds 2s. 4d. and does not exceed 2s. 8d. exceeds 2s. 8d. and does not exceed 3s. ... exceeds 3s

Part II.

Full Rates.

Amount of Payment.

Where the amount of the payment, excluding the amount of duty— exceeds 3d. and does not exceed 5d. exceeds 5d, and does not exceed 6£d. exceeds 6£d. and does not exceed 7$d. exceeds j\d. and does not exceed 8d. exceeds 8d. and does not exceed 8fd. exceeds 8fd. and does not exceed iod. exceeds iod. and does not exceed is. exceeds is. and does not exceed is. 4d. ... exceeds is. 4d. and does not exceed is. 8d. exceeds is. 8d. and does not exceed is. nd. exceeds is. nd. and does not exceed 2s. 2d. exceeds 2s. 2d. and does not exceed 2s. 6d. exceeds 2s. 6d. and does not exceed 2s. nd. exceeds 2s. nd. and does not exceed 3s. 5d. exceeds 3s. 5d. and does not exceed 3s. nd. exceeds 3s. nd

by CjQCK^lC

Rate of Duty.

s. d.

2

4

5

6

8

10 1 o is. for the first 3s. and 2d. for every 6d. or part of 6d. over 3s.

Rate of Duty.

s. d.

1

‘x

I*

2

3i

5

6 8

10 1 1 1 2 1 6

1 10

2 1 2 6

2s. 6d. for the first 3s. 1 id. and 4d. for every 6d. or part of 6d. over 3s. 1 id.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

81

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Section 10.

Part I.

Provisions as to Justices’ Licences in Suspense by Reason of War Circumstances.

1. Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding paragraph as to on-licences in cases in which it is certified that the war circumstances included the destruction of the premises or serious damage thereto, where alter the passing of this Act the holder of a licence for the time being in suspense desires to resume the business carried on in the premises in respect of which it was granted, he may give notice in writing to that effect to the clerk of the licensing justices, and from the time of his giving such notice the licence shall be in force for all purposes.

2. In such a case as aforesaid, before a notice for the purposes of the preceding paragraph is given as respects an on-licence plans of such works as are reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the business must have been submitted to the licensing justices and approved by them, and the licensing justices must have signified their satisfaction that the works have been executed in accordance with the plans approved.

3. Where a licence is deemed to have been in suspense but the business carried on in the premises in respect of which it was granted has been resumed before the passing of this Act, the licence shall be deemed to have been in force for all purposes from the time of the resumption of the business, unless it had previously been forfeited or become void under the Licensing Act.

4. Where a removal of a licence for the time being in suspense is or has been authorised, it shall be, and be deemed to have been, in force for all purposes from the time of the authorisation of the removal.

5. A licence in force for all purposes after being in suspense shall, unless previously forfeited or becoming void under the Licensing Act, be, and be deemed to have been, in force until the fifth day of April next following the first general annual licensing meeting after the time when it ceased to be in suspense, or, in the case of a licence granted for a term, next following the expiration of a period beginning on the last day of that term equal to the period of its suspension, and no longer.

Extinguishment of licences remaining in suspense when suspension no longer justified, 6

6. Where the licensing justices are satisfied as respects any licence which is for the time being in suspense that there are no longer any war circumstances which justify its continuing to be in suspense, they may by order direct that it shall be extinguished at the expiration

Restoration to full force of licences in suspense.

F

82

CH. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

6th Sch. of such period as may be specified in the order unless it is again in

—coni- force for all purposes by virtue of the preceding provisions of this

Schedule before the expiration of that period.

7. If His Majesty by Order in Council declares that there are in general no longer any war circumstances which justify licences continuing to be in suspense, every licence in suspense at the date of the Order in Council shall be extinguished at the expiration of such period as may be specified therein unless it is again in force for all purposes by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Schedule before the expiration of that period.

8. The licensing justices may, if application is made to them in that behalf, extend the period specified in an order made by them under paragraph 6 of this Part of this Schedule, or, in relation to any particular licence, the period specified in an Order in Council made under the last preceding paragraph.

Extinguishment of licences in suspense on grounds of conduct or fitness, or on reference to the compensation authority.

9. — (1) Objection to the continuance of a licence which is for the time being in suspense may be made at any general annual licensing meeting on grounds relating to the conduct of the holder of the licence or to his fitness to be the holder thereof, and if objection is so made and the licensing justices are satisfied that if the licence had then been in force for all purposes and an application for the renewal thereof had been made at that meeting they would have refused it on those grounds, they may order that the licence shall be extinguished:

Provided that, notwithstanding the making of such an order, a transfer of the licence may be granted on an application made at the meeting at which the order was made or at the first transfer sessions thereafter, and if a transfer thereof is so granted the order shall not have effect.

(2) In relation to an old off-licence or an old on-licence the reference in this paragraph to grounds relating to conduct or fitness of the holder of the licence shall be construed as a reference only to the grounds specified in the Second Part of the First Schedule to the Licensing Act or in the Second Part of the Second Schedule thereto, as the case may be, with the substitution for references therein to the applicant or proposed holder of the licence of references to the holder thereof and for references to the house or shop in respect of which a licence is sought or the applicant applies of references to the licensed premises:

Provided that, in a case in which it is certified that the war circumstances included the destruction of the premises or serious damage thereto, no regard shall be had for the purposes of this paragraph to the licensed premises’ not being duly qualified as by law is required or being structurally deficient or structurally unsuitable.

10. — (1) Where the licensing justices are of opinion, in the case of any old on-licence which is in suspense at the time of any general annual

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

83

licensing meeting, that, if the licence had then been in force for all purposes and an application for the renewal thereof had been made at that meeting, the question of the renewal thereof would have required consideration on grounds other than those on which the renewal of an old on-licence can be refused by them, they shall refer to the compensation authority the question of the extinguishment of the licence together with their report thereon.

(2) The compensation authority shall consider any report so made to them with respect to any licence, and may, if they think it expedient, after giving the persons interested in the licensed premises, and, unless it appears to the compensation authority unnecessary, any other persons appearing to them to be interested (including the licensing justices), an opportunity of being heard, extinguish the licence, subject to payment of the like compensation as would have been payable under the Licensing Act if an application for the renewal of the licence had been made, and refused by the compensation authority.

(3) Sections twenty, twenty-one and forty-seven of the Licensing Act shall have effect with the requisite modifications in relation to the extinguishment of old on-licences under this paragraph as they have effect in relation to the refusal of renewal of such licences by the compensation authority.

11. — (1) If a discontinuance of business by virtue of which a licence becomes a licence in suspense occurs, or has occurred, between the date of a general annual licensing meeting and the fifth day of April next following and, in proceedings taken in relation to any objection to the renewal of the licence made at that meeting on such grounds as are mentioned in paragraph 9 of this Part of this Schedule, or in relation to any reference to the compensation authority of the question of the renewal of the licence at that meeting, the renewal of the licence is or has been refused, the refusal shall have effect, or be deemed to have had effect, as if it had been an order made under paragraph 9 or paragraph 10, as the case may be, of this Part of this Schedule for the extinguishment of the licence.

(2) A licence subsisting by virtue of a provisional renewal pending a reference to the compensation authority and becoming a licence in suspense, shall be, or be deemed to have been, extinguished upon a refusal of the renewal by the compensation authority.

Extension of authority to grant transfers in cases of licences in

suspense.

12. Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the Licensing Act, a transfer of a licence to the owner of the licensed premises or a person applying on his behalf may be authorised—

(a) in the case of wilful omission or neglect of the holder of the

licence to take steps requisite for preventing extinguishment thereof under paragraph 6 or 7 of this Part of this Schedule;

(b) in the case of an order being made under paragraph 9 of this

Part of this Schedule in relation thereto, or of renewal of the

6th Sch.

—cont.

84

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

6th Sch.

—cont.

licence being refused in such circumstances as are mentioned in paragraph 11 thereof on such grounds as are mentioned in the said paragraph 9;

(c) in the case of forfeiture of the licence, or the personal disqualification of the holder thereof, whilst it is in suspense, in circumstances in which a protection order could have been granted under section eighty-seven of the Licensing Act if the business had not been discontinued; or

(d) in the case of occupation of the premises being given up by the holder of the licence or his representatives whilst the licence is in suspense.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

13. The provisions of sections twenty-nine to thirty-two of the Licensing Act as to appeal against a refusal of licensing justices to grant a renewal of a licence shall have effect with the requisite modifications in relation to a refusal of licensing justices to approve plans submitted to them for the purposes of paragraph 2 of this Part of this Schedule, or to signify their satisfaction as to works having been executed in accordance with plans approved, in relation to an order under paragraph 6 thereof, in relation to a refusal of licensing justices to grant an application under paragraph 8 thereof, and in relation to an order under paragraph 9 thereof.

General.

14. Any power exercisable by licensing justices under paragraph 2, 6 or 8 of this Part of this Schedule may be exercised at a general annual licensing meeting or at any transfer sessions.

15. The Secretary of State may make such rules, prescribe such forms and generally do such things as he thinks expedient for regulating the practice under this Schedule (including the service of documents), and, without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph, rules made thereunder may provide for the payment in respect of such matters as may be specified therein of such fees as may be thereby prescribed.

16. In this Part of this Schedule the expression "the Licensing Act" means the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, and expressions in this Part of this Schedule which are used in that Act have the same meaning as in that Act, and the expression "licence" means a justices' licence.

Part II.

Provisions as to Certificates under the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903 to 1934, in suspense by Reason of War Circumstances.

Restoration to full force of certificates in suspense.

1. Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding paragraph as to certificates for inns and hotels or public houses in cases in which it is certified that the war circumstances included the destruction of the

1942.

Finance Act, 1942.

Cr. 21.

85

premises or serious damage thereto, where after the passing of this Act the holder of a certificate which is for the time being in suspense desires to resume the business carried on in the premises in respect of which it was granted, he may give notice in writing to that effect to the clerk of the licensing court, and from the time of his giving such notice the certificate shall be in force for all purposes.

2. In such a case as aforesaid, before a notice for the purposes of the preceding paragraph is given as respects a certificate for an inn and hotel or a public house, plans of such works as are reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the business must have been submitted to the licensing court and approved by them, and the licensing court must have signified their satisfaction that the works have been executed in accordance with the plans approved.

3. Where a certificate is deemed to have been in suspense but the business carried on in the premises in respect of which it was granted has been resumed before the passing of this Act, the certificate shall be deemed to have been in force for all purposes from the time of the resumption of the business unless it had previously been forfeited or become null and void under the Licensing Acts.

4. Where a removal of a certificate for the time being in suspense is authorised, it shall be in force for all purposes from the time of the authorisation of the removal, and where the holder of a certificate removal of which has been authorised desires to resume business in the premises specified in the certificate he may give notice in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Schedule in like manner as if the certificate were still in suspense and the said provisions shall apply accordingly.

5. A certificate in force for all purposes after beipg in suspense shall, unless previously forfeited or becoming null and void under the Licensing Acts, be and be deemed to have been in force until the twenty-eighth day of May next following the first April half yearly meeting of the licensing Court after the time when the certificate ceased to be in suspense.

Extinguishment of certificate remaining in suspense when suspension no longer justified.

6. Where the licensing court are satisfied as respects any certificate which is for the time being in suspense that there are no longer any war circumstances which justify its continuing to be in suspense, they may by order direct that it shall be extinguished at the expiration of such period as may be specified in the order unless it is again in force for all purposes by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule before the expiration of that period.

7. If His Majesty by Order in Council declares that there are in general no longer any war circumstances which justify certificates continuing to be in suspense, every certificate in suspense at the date of the Order in Council shall be extinguished at the expiration of such period as may be specified therein unless it is again in force for all purposes by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule before the expiration of that period.

6th Sch. —cant.

86

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

6th Sch.

—cont.

8. The licensing court may, if application is made to them in that behalf, extend the period specified in an order made by them under paragraph 6 of this Part of this Schedule or, in relation to any particular certificate, the period specified in an Order in Council made under the last preceding paragraph.

Renewal of certificates in suspense.

9. The provisions of the Licensing Acts with regard to renewal of certificates shall apply with any necessary modifications in relation to certificates which are at any time after the passing of this Act in suspense in like manner as those provisions apply to certificates which are in force for all purposes, and in a case in which it is certified that the war circumstances included the destruction of the premises or serious damage thereto, no regard shall be had for the purposes of this paragraph to the condition of the certificated premises.

Provisions as to removal of certificates.

10. —(1) Where the premises specified in any certificate which is for the time being in suspense have been destroyed or seriously damaged or have been taken possession of on behalf of His Majesty in the exercise of emergency powers, it shall be lawful for the licensing court to authorise a removal of the certificate from the premises specified therein to other premises within their district (not being premises situated in an area in which a no-licence or a limiting resolution is in force) and where a removal is so authorised the certificate shall have effect as if those premises had been specified in it in lieu of the premises which have been so destroyed or damaged or taken possession of.

(2) A removal to any premises under this paragraph shall not be authorised unless—

(i) the licensing court are satisfied that no reconstruction

or alteration of the premises is necessary to secure the proper conduct of the business; or

(ii) plans of such works as are reasonably necessary for the said purpose have been submitted to the licensing court and approved by them and the licensing court have signified their satisfaction that the works have been executed in accordance with the plans approved.

(3) A removal of a certificate authorised in pursuance of this paragraph shall cease to have effect on notice being given in pursuance of paragraph 4 of this Part of this Schedule.

Appeals.

11. The provisions of section twenty-two of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903, as to appeal against a refusal of a licensing court to grant a renewed of a certificate shall have effect with the requisite modifications in relation to a refusal of a licensing court to authorise a removal of a certificate or to approve plans or to signify their satisfaction as to the execution of works under paragraph 2 or paragraph 10 of this Part of this Schedule, and in relation to an order under paragraph 6 of this Part of this Schedule, and in relation to a refusal of a licensing court

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

87

to grant an application under paragraph 8 thereof, and the provisions of section twenty-one of the said Act shall apply in relation to any appeal in pursuance of this paragraph.

General.

12. Any power exercisable by a licensing Court under the provisions of this Schedule may be exercised at a general half yearly meeting or at any adjournment thereof or at another meeting specially convened for the purpose, and the powers conferred by paragraph 2 or 10 of this Part of this Schedule to signify satisfaction of works having been executed in accordance with plans approved may be exercised by any two members of the licensing court nominated by the court for the purpose and any decision by such two members shall be deemed to be a decision of the licensing court.

Interpretation.

13. In this Part of this Schedule the expression "the Licensing Acts" means the Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903 to 1934, and expressions used in this Part of this Schedule and in those Acts have the same meaning as in those Acts, and the expression "certificate" means a certificate as defined in Part VII of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Purchase Tax.

Goods chargeable at the higher rate.

Garments or footwear made wholly or partly of fur skin (including any skin with fur, hair or wool attached) or silk (except silk used for the stitching of seams and buttonholes), but not including articles made wholly or partly of rough-tanned, undyed sheep or lamb skin with wool attached, and designed specially for industrial use.

Headgear, ties, scarves, handkerchiefs, muffs, collars, cuffs and gloves, made wholly or partly of fur skin (including any skin with fur, hair or wool attached) or silk (except silk used for the stitching of seams and buttonholes), but not including headgear or gloves made wholly or partly of rough-tanned, undyed sheep or lamb skin with wool attached, and designed specially for industrial use.

Walking sticks and canes.

Fabrics (whether in the piece, shaped or partly made up) of the following descriptions, except corduroy, terry towelling, and floor coverings:—

Fabrics made wholly or partly of silk,

Pile fabrics,

Woven-figured fabrics.

Textile articles of a kind used for domestic purposes and soft furnishings, made wholly or partly of such fabrics.

Carpets, rugs and mats, hand-made, knotted. Rugs made of fur skin.

Fur skins (including any skin with fur, hair or wool attached), dressed.

6th Sch

—cont.

Section 17.

88

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

7TH Sch.

—cont.

Glassware of cut glass of a kind used for domestic purposes.

Glass mirrors (whether framed or not), not being optically worked or specially designed for use in connection with machinery, tools or instruments.

Hair waving and hair drying machines.

Electric dry shavers and dry shaver heads.

Garden furniture, garden ornaments.

Trunks, bags, wallets, jewel cases, pouches, purses, suit cases and similar receptacles of a kind used for personal or domestic purposes (whether fitted or not), being articles made of leather, hide or skin, but not including articles designed for use solely as equipment for service in the armed forces or in a civil defence force.

Photographic cameras.

Photographic enlargers.

Projectors for sub-standard film or for slides.

Lenses and other parts of, and accessories to, such cameras, enlargers or projectors.

Unexposed sensitised photographic paper, cloth, plates and film, except sensitised document base paper, transparent tracing paper base and tracing cloth.

Musical instruments, including gramophones, player pianos and other similar instruments and accessories to, and parts of, musical instruments.

Gramophone records. Player piano records.

Radio gramophones.

Clocks and watches, cases for, and accessories to, clocks and watches, and watch chains, wristlet watch straps and similar articles, made wholly or partly of platinum, gold, silver, or gold plate.

Jewellery and imitation jewellery and other goldsmiths’ and silversmiths’ wares.

Articles of all kinds made wholly or partly of ivory, amber, jet, coral, mother of pearl, natural shells, or tortoiseshell, or of jade, onyx, lapis lazuli or other semi-precious stones.

Fancy or ornamental articles of a kind suitable for personal or domestic use (including artificial flowers, photograph frames and paper weights).

Toilet requisites of all kinds, except the following not being articles supplied as part of a toilet set:—brushes, combs, scissors, razors and razor blades, sponges, face cloths and towels, and toilet paper.

Perfumery. Toilet preparations (whether medicated or not), including cosmetics but excluding the following:—soap; shaving creams; shampoos; dentifrices; eye lotions; mouth washes and antiseptics; calamine lotion and similar alleviating toilet preparations, unperfumed.

Pictures, prints, engravings, photographs, figures, busts, reliefs, vases, and similar artides, if produced in quantity for general sale.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942

Ch. 21.

89

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Purchase Tax.

Amendments of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940, consequential on introduction of higher rate of tax.

Provision of 3 & Geo. 6. c. 48 amended.

Section nineteen, subsection (2).

Section nineteen, subsection (3), paragraph (a).

Section twenty, subsection (1), paragraph (a).

Section twenty, subsection (1), paragraph (6).

Section twenty, subsection (1), paragraph (c).

4

Subject matter of provision amended.

Amendment.

Power to issue lists defining classes of goods specified.

After the words "specified in the Seventh Schedule to this Act" insert the words "or in the Seventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942 *\

Rate at which tax is to be charged.

Power to render tax chargeable.

For the words *' the basic rate, which shall be one-third of the wholesale value of the goods " substitute the words —

(i) if falling within the Seventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942, the higher rate, which shall be two-thirds of the wholesale value of the goods, or (ii) if not falling within the Seventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942, the basic rate, which shall be one-third of the wholesale value of the goods ".

For the words "either at the basic rate or at the reduced rate " substitute the words "either at the higher rate, at the basic rate or at the reduced rate ".

Power to substitute one rate for another.

For the words "that the reduced rate shall be substituted for the basic rate, or the basic rate for the reduced rate " substitute the words "that the higher rate, the basic rate, or the reduced rate, shall be substituted for either of the others ".

Power to make consequential amendments.

After the words "in the Seventh Schedule to this Act " insert the words *' or in the Seventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942 ".

Section 17.

90

CH. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

8th Sch.

—cont.

Provision of 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48 amended. Subject matter of provision amended. - Amendment.

Section twenty-eight Adjustments between seller and buyer on variation of rate of tax. For the words "the basic rate ", in each place where those words occur, substitute the words " a greater rate ", and for the words "the reduced rate ", in each place where those words occur, substitute the words " a lesser rate ".

Seventh Schedule, Classes of goods For the words "Goods

first column, heading. charged. chargeable at the basic rate " substitute the words "Goods chargeable at the basic rate, or, in the case of goods in the Seventh Schedule to the Finance Act, 1942, at the higher rate",

36. NINTH SCHEDULE.

Amendments continuing the National Defence Contribution.

In subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Finance Act, 1937, and subsection (2) of section twenty of that Act, for the words "the five years beginning on the first day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-seven " there shall be substituted the words "the years of charge to the national defence contribution "; and in paragraph (ii) of the said subsection (2) the word "five " shall be omitted in both places where it occurs.

In sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule to 2 & 3 Geo. 6. the said Act and in subsection (2) of section thirty-six of the Finance c. 41. Act, 1939, for the words "the five years beginning on the sixth day of

April, nineteen hundred and thirty-seven " there shall be substituted the words "the period beginning on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and thirty-seven, and ending at the end of the years of charge to the national defence contribution."

For subsection (4) of section nineteen of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (4) The chargeable accounting periods to which this section applies are the chargeable accounting periods (as defined by this Part of this Act in relation to excess profits tax) which fall within the years of charge to the national defence contribution :

Provided that where part only of a chargeable accounting period as so defined falls within those years, this section shall have effect as if that part were a separate chargeable accounting period as so defined, and as if the profits or losses of that separate chargeable accounting period were an apportioned part of the profits or losses arising in the whole period."

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

91

Subsection (3) of section thirty-nine of the Finance Act, 1940, shall be omitted, and in sub-paragraph (6) of paragraph 7 of the Sixth Schedule to that Act for the words "the end of March, nineteen hundred and forty-two " there shall be substituted the words "the end of the years of charge to the national defence contribution "; and for the words "the said end of March " (in both places where those words occur) there shall be substituted the words "the end of the said years’*.

TENTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions for simplifying the machinery of assessment,

COLLECTION, ETC.

Part I.

Income Tax.

1. —(1) The general notices prescribed by section ninety-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1918, requiring the delivery of lists, declarations and statements shall not be given; but any question as to whether a person is liable to assessment in any parish shall be determined as if the foregoing provisions of this paragraph had not been passed and as if such a general notice as aforesaid had been duly given on the first day of the year of assessment.

(2) It shall be the duty of every person who is chargeable to income tax for any year of assessment to give notice to the surveyor that he is so chargeable at or before the end of that year:

Provided that no such notice need be given as respects any year for which he has delivered a statement of his profits and gains in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Acts.

(3) If any person without reasonable excuse fails to give such a notice as aforesaid he shall be liable to the like penalties as are applicable under the Income Tax Acts in case of neglect or refusal to deliver a list, declaration or statement which is required by those Acts to be delivered.

2. It shall not be necessary that any certificate of assessment or schedule of arrears should be verified on oath, or that any assessor should appear before the general commissioners in accordance with subsection (2) of section one hundred and eight of the said Act and make oath as to the matters referred to in that subsection.

3. The assessors shall transmit their certificates of assessment under Schedules A, B and E to the additional commissioners instead of bringing them in to the general commissioners, and the additional commissioners and not the general commissioners shall take them into consideration and sign and allow them, and in the case of additional assessments under Schedules A, B and E, the surveyor shall certify the particulars to the additional commissioners instead of to the general commissioners, and the additional commissioners, and not the general commissioners, shall sign and allow the additional assessments; and references in the said Act to the general commissioners shall be construed accordingly.

9TH SCH.

—cont.

Section 42.

92 Ch. 21. Finance Act, 1942. 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

ioth Sch. 4. — (1) Assessments under Schedule D when signed by the additional

—coni. commissioners shall become effective without being delivered to the general commissioners or allowed and confirmed by them, and so much of any enactment as relates to the delivery of assessments as aforesaid or the allowance and confirmation thereof by the general commissioners shall not have effect; but nothing in this sub-paragraph affects the right of appeal to the general commissioners or the special commissioners.

(2) Subsection (2) of section twenty-five of the Finance Act, 1926 (which relates to Schedule D assessments under appeal) shall not have effect, and section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1930 (which provides for the collection of tax not in dispute pending an appeal to the special commissioners) shall apply in relation to appeals against assessments under Schedule D to the general commissioners as it applies in relation to appeals against assessments under that Schedule to the special commissioners, but with the substitution of references to the general commissioners for the references to the special commissioners.

5. —(1) Anything required by the Income Tax Acts to be done by the additional commissioners may be done by one additional commissioner, and one additional commissioner shall be competent to form a meeting of the additional commissioners.

(2) Anything required by the Income Tax Acts to be done by the assessors may be done by one assessor.

(3) Any general commissioner may act as an additional commissioner and references in the Income Tax Acts to additional commissioners shall be construed accordingly.

(4) Any assessment to be made, signed or allowed by the special commissioners may be made, signed or allowed by one special commissioner.

6. —(1) Section one hundred and thirty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relates to notices of assessment) shall not have effect with respect to assessments under any Schedule.

(2) Notices of assessments under Schedules D and £ shall be served on the persons respectively assessed and those notices may, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-two of the said Act, be served at any time after the signing, or signing and allowing, of the assessment.

(3) The time within which notice of appeal may be given against any assessment under Schedule A or Schedule B shall, in the case of any person who has not been served with a notice of the assessment, be any time before the expiration of twelve months from the end of the year of assessment:

Provided that nothing in this sub-paragraph shall affect the collection or recovery of any tax assessed or charged, but where the assessment is reduced upon appeal, any tax overpaid shall be repaid.

7. —(1) Sections one hundred and fifty, one hundred and fifty-three, one hundred and seventy-five, one hundred and seventy-six and one hundred and ninety-seven of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relate respectively to books of assessment, delivery of duplicates of assessments, schedules of deficiencies, discharge and default, schedules of arrears and delivery of duplicates and warrants to collectors in Northern Ireland) shall not have effect and in lieu thereof the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

93

(2) After any assessments have been signed or signed and allowed, the clerk to the commissioners shall number the pages in each book of assessment and add up the sums on each page, and transmit the books to the surveyor.

(3) The surveyor shall prepare particulars of the sums to be collected and transmit them to the appropriate collector for collection, and references in the Income Tax Acts to duplicates of assessments delivered to collectors shall be construed as including references to particulars so transmitted:

Provided that in the division of the City of London, the particulars shall be prepared and transmitted by the clerk to the commissioners.

(4) At such times as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may appoint, the surveyor shall prepare and sign schedules of tax which has been discharged for causes allowed by the Income Tax Acts, and shall transmit them to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(5) Where tax is in arrear, a certificate of the surveyor that tax has been charged and is due, together with a certificate of the collector that payment of the tax has not been made to him, or, to the best of his knowledge and belief, to any other collector, or to any person acting on his behalf or on behalf of another collector, shall be sufficient evidence that the sum mentioned in the certificate is unpaid and is due to the Crown; and any document purporting to be such a certificate as is mentioned in this sub-paragraph shall be deemed to be such a certificate until the contrary is proved.

8. — (1) Every collector appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, the Treasury or the special commissioners, shall (whatever the terms of the warrant delivered to him on his appointment) be a collector for every parish or district outside the division of the City of London and shall have, in relation to every parish or district outside that division, all the powers conferred by the Income Tax Acts on the collector, and references in the Income Tax Acts to the collector shall be construed accordingly.

(2) Any tax charged in any parish or district in the United Kingdom may be recovered in any other parish or district in the United Kingdom as & it had been charged in that other parish or district, and section one hundred and sixty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relates to the recovery of tax where a defaulter has removed from or does not reside in the parish where he was assessed) and, in section one hundred and sixty-two of that Act (which relates to distraint by collectors) the words "in accordance with the assessments and warrants delivered to him ", shall not have effect:

Provided that nothing in this sub-paragraph shall authorise any collector, not being a collector for the division of the City of London, to distrain or commence or carry on summary proceedings in that division, or any collector for that division to distrain or commence or carry on summary proceedings outside that division.

(3) Where a person who has been assessed in the division of the City of London has removed from or resides or happens to be outside that division, or where a person who has been assessed outside that division has removed to or resides or happens to be in that division, a collector for the parish or district where that person was assessed may sign and transmit a certificate of the amount of tax in arrear

IOTH SCH.

—cont.

94

Ch. 21.

Finance A 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

ioth Sch. and unpaid to a collector for the parish or district to which he has

—cont. removed or in which he resides or happens to be, and thereupon pay-

ment of the tax in arrear may be demanded and, on non-payment, the tax in arrear may be recovered, as if the tax had been charged in that parish or district.

9. —(1) Collectors in Scotland and Northern Ireland shall, after the passing of this Act, be appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(2) Any collector so appointed, and any collectors holding office at the passing of this Act who were appointed by the Treasury or by the special commissioners, shall hold office during the pleasure of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

10. —(1) Any collector appointed after the passing of this Act by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall, on his appointment, receive from those Commissioners a warrant for collecting and levying the tax from time to time charged in any parish or district outside the division of the City of London, including tax due or assessed before the date of the warrant.

ti & 22 Geo. 5. (2) Subsection (3) of section thirty-seven of the Finance Act, 1931

c. 28. (which relates to the warrant to be delivered by the Commissioners

of Inland Revenue to collectors appointed by them) shall not have effect in relation to collectors appointed after the passing of this Act.

(3) Any collector appointed after the passing of this Act in the division of the City of London shall, on his appointment, receive from the commissioners appointing him a warrant for collecting and levying the tax from time to time charged in that division, including tax due or assessed before the date of the warrant, and any collector holding office in that division at the passing of this Act shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, receive a similar warrant from the commissioners by whom he was appointed.

11. Section one hundred and fifty-six of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relates to the collection of assessments under a number or letter) shall not have effect.

12. All clerks to commissioners, all assistants of such clerks, and all assessors, who are in office at the date of the passing of this Act or are appointed thereafter shall, without the necessity for annual re-appointment, continue in office during the pleasure of the commissioners by whom they were appointed, and those commissioners shall make such further appointments to those offices as may from time to time be necessary.

13. —(1) The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect as respects—

(a) the year 1942-43 and any subsequent year of assessment;

(b) any additional assessments for any previous years signed or

signed and allowed after the passing of this Act;

(c) any tax due under any assessment for any previous year

which remains unpaid at the date of the passing of this Act.

(2) Where before the passing of this Act—

(a) any certificates of assessments under Schedule A, Schedule B or Schedule E have been delivered to the general commis-

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

95

sioners which under this Schedule should have been delivered ioth Sch. to the additional commissioners; or —cont.

(b) anything has been done by the general commissioners which under the provisions of this Schedule should have been done by the additional commissioners,

the said provisions shall have effect as if the certificates had been delivered to, or, as the case may be, the thing had been done by, the additional commissioners, and the signature by the additional commissioners before the passing of this Act under section one hundred and twenty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1918, of any assessments to which the provisions of this Schedule apply shall be treated as the signature thereof by those commissioners under the provisions of this Schedule.

14. This Part of this Schedule shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts.

Part II.

Land Tax.

1. The assessors, instead of appearing before the Land Tax Commissioners at the time and place fixed under section eight of the Land 38 G«a 3. c. 5. Tax Act, 1797, and bringing with them their certificates of assessment,

may transmit those certificates to those Commissioners before the time so fixed.

2. —(1) An assessment may be signed and allowed, and the duplicate of an assessment may be signed, by one Land Tax Commissioner, and one Land Tax Commissioner shall, for those purposes, be competent to form a meeting of the Land Tax Commissioners.

(2) Anything required by the Land Tax Acts to be done by the assessors may be done by one assessor.

3. So much of section eight of the Land Tax Act, 1797, as relates to the time for bringing appeals against an assessment, and the giving of public notice of the time and place for bringing such appeals, and in subsection (1) of section eighty-three of the Taxes Management Act, 43 & 44 'Wet. 1880, the words "and the time for hearing appeals against such assess- c. 19. ments shall have expired," shall not have effect, but an appeal may be

brought—

(a) by a person who has been served with a notice of the assessment appealed against, within twenty-one days of the service of that notice; and

(b) in any other case, within twelve months from the end of the

year to which the assessment appealed against relates :

Provided that the right of appeal conferred by this paragraph shall not affect the collection or recovery of the tax assessed, but where the assessment is reduced on appeal any tax overpaid shall be repaid.

4. A schedule or return of arrears shall be valid for the purposes of the Land Tax Acts notwithstanding that there is no affidavit subscribed thereto or that it is not made on oath, and accordingly in section one hundred and three of the Taxes Management Act, 1880, the words

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

1 ora Sch. " with affidavits subscribed to be made on his oath or affirmation ", —coni. and in subsection (n) of section one hundred and fourteen of that Act

the words "on oath ", shall not have effect, and subsection (12) of the said section one hundred and fourteen shall have effect as if for the words from " make oath " to " endorsed and certified " there were substituted the words "certify in writing ".

5. Every collector appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or the Treasury shall (whatever the terms of the warrant delivered to him on his appointment) be a collector for every land tax parish outside the division of the City of London, and shall have, in relation to every land tax parish outside that division, all the powers conferred by the Land Tax Acts on the collector, and references in the Land Tax Acts to the collector shall be construed accordingly.

6. —(1) Collectors in Scotland shall, after the passing of this Act, be appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

(2) Any collector so appointed, and any collectors holding office at the passing of this Act who were appointed by the Treasury, shall hold office during the pleasure of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

7. —(1) Any collector appointed after the passing of this Act by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall on his appointment receive from those Commissioners a warrant for collecting and levying the tax from time to time charged in any land tax parish outside the division of the City of London, including tax due or assessed before the date of the warrant.

(2) Subsection (3) of section thirty-seven of the Finance Act, 1931 (which relates to the warrant to be delivered by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to collectors appointed by them) shall not have effect in relation to collectors appointed after the passing of this Act.

(3) Any collector appointed after the passing of this Act in the division of the City of London shall, on his appointment, receive from the Land Tax Commissioners for that division a warrant for collecting and levying the tax from time to time charged in that division, including tax due or assessed before the date of the warrant, and any collector holding office in that division at the passing of this Act shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, receive a similar warrant from those Commissioners.

8. All clerks to Land Tax Commissioners and all assessors who are in office at the date of the passing of this Act or are appointed thereafter shall, without the necessity for annual reappointment, continue in office during the pleasure of the Commissioners by whom they were appointed, and those Commissioners shall make such further appointments to those offices as may from time to time be necessary.

9. The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect as respects—

(a) the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-three, and any subsequent year;

(b) (except as respects the time for bringing appeals) any tax due under any assessment for any previous year which remains unpaid at the date of the passing of this Act.

10. This Part of this Schedule shall be construed as one with Part VI of the Finance Act, 1896.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Government Stock.

Part I.

Descriptions of Stock and Bonds.

Two and a half per cent. Annuities.

Two and three-quarters per cent. Annuities.

Two and a half per cent. Consolidated Stock.

Local Loans three per cent. Stock.

Guaranteed Land Stock.

Guaranteed two and three-quarters per cent. Stock.

Guaranteed three per cent. Stock.

Three and a half per cent. Conversion Loan.

Five per cent. Conversion Loan, 1944-64.

Three and a half per cent. War Loan.

Four per cent. Consolidated Loan.

Two and a half per cent. Funding Loan, 1956-61.

Two and three-quarters per cent. Funding Loan, 1952-57.

Three per cent. Funding Loan, 1959-69.

Four per cent. Funding Loan, 1960-90.

Two and a half per cent. Conversion Loan, 1944-49.

Three per cent. Conversion Loan, 1948-53.

Four per cent. Victory Bonds.

Guaranteed four and a half per cent. Bonds.

Three per cent. Redemption Stock, 1986-96.

Two and a half per cent. National Defence Bonds, 1944-48.

Three per cent. National Defence Loan, 1954-58.

Stock and registered bonds issued, or deemed to be issued, under the National Loans Act, 1939 (other than National Defence Bonds and National Defence Loan of the descriptions aforesaid).

Stock and registered bonds issued under section twenty-eight or twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1935.

Part II.

Consequential Amendments of Enactments relating to Government Stock.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Amendment

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 28

The Government Offices Security Act, 1836.

In section one, for the words "the said books" there shall be substituted the words "the books of the Bank of England ".

G

Section

98

Ch. 21.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

IITH SCH.

—cont.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Amendment

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71

The National Debt Act, 1870.

In section thirty-one, for the words "in the books of the " Bank of England or of " Ireland " there shall be substituted the words "in

" manner provided by regu-" lations made under sec-* tion forty-eeven of the " Finance Act, 1942 "; In section thirty-three, for the words from " in the " books of the Bank of *' England" to "transferable " stock " there shall be substituted the words "in "the appropriate register " kept by the Bank of " England or Ireland in " accordance with regula-" tions made under section "forty-seven of the "Finance Act, 1942. and " thereupon the stock shall " be entered in that " register "; and in section forty-one, for the words "as if it had continued

"registered in the books " of that Bank as stock " transferable therein " there shall be substituted the words "as if it were " transferable in manner

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16

The National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

"provided by regulations " made under section forty-" seven of the Finance Act, " 1942

In section eight, in subsection (5), for the words "those stocks " there shall be substituted the words "other stocks of three " per cent. perpetual " annuities ".

52 & 53 Vict. c. 6

55 & 56 Vict. c. 39

The National Debt Act, 1889.

The National Debt (Stockholders Relief) Act, 1892.

In section four, at the end of subsection (6) there shall be added the words "or in manner provided " by regulations made " under section forty-seven " of the Finance Act, 1942".

In section eight, after the word "Bank " there shall be inserted the words "or "in manner provided by " regulations made under " section forty-seven of the " Finance Act, 1942 ".

le

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

99

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Amendment

3 Edw. 7. c. 37 ...

The Irish Land Act, In section thirty-one, for the 1903. words'* that Act", where

they first occur, there shall

be substituted the words "the National Debt Act," 1870 "

IITH SCH.

—cont.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 31

The Finance Act, 1917

In section thirty-seven, in subsection (4), for the words "that Act", where they first occur, there shall be substituted the words "the National Debt Act, " 1870

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 15

The Finance Act, 1918

In section thirty-eight, in subsection (5), for the words "in the books of the " Bank under the National " Debt Act, 1870, or by deed " under section seventeen of "the Finance Act, 1911," there shall be substituted the words "in manner "provided by regulations " made under section " forty-seven of the Finance "Act, 1942

11 ft 12 Geo. 5. c. 32.

The Finance Act, 1921

In section fifty-one, for the words "in the books of the " Bank under the National "Debt Act, 1870, or by " deed under the Finance " Act, 1911," there shall be substituted the words "in " manner provided by " regulations made under " section forty-seven of the " Finance Act, 1942 "; and in the Third Schedule, in paragraph 1, for the words "inscribed or registered in the books of the Bank " there shall be substituted the words "entered in a " register kept by the " Bank in accordance with " regulations made under " section forty-seven of the " Finance Act, 1942 ".

100

CH. 21.

Finance Ad, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

IITH SCH.

—cont.

Session and Chapter Short Title Amendment

26 Geo. 5. & The Tithe Act, 1936 In section twenty-four, in

1 Edw. 8. c. 43. subsection (7), for the words "that Act " there shall be substituted the words "the National " Debt Act, 1870".

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117 The National Loans In the Second Schedule, for

Act, 1939. paragraph 1 there shall be substituted the following paragraph:— " 1. Stock or regis-" tered bonds issued " under this Act shall be subject to the pro-" visions of the National " Debt Act, 1870, so far "as is consistent with "the tenor of this Act".

Consequential Amendment of Order in Council relating to Government

Stock.

Year and No. of Order Short Title Amendment

Statutory Rules The Bank of Ireland In Article one, in paragraph (1), for the words "Govem-" ment stock inscribed or " registered in the books at " their office in Belfast" there shall be substituted the words "such stock as " aforesaid inscribed or " registered in the books at " their office at Belfast and " stock and registered " bonds entered in a register

‘ and Orders, 1923, (Belfast Register)

No. 227. Order, 1923.

" kept at that office in " accordance with regula-" tions made under section *' forty-seven of the Finance " Act, 1942 "; and after the word "stock ", where it last occurs, there shall be inserted the words "and " bonds ".

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

101

Part III.

Consequential Repeal of Enactments relating to Government Stock.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 28 The Government In section one, the words

Offices Security Act, " in the books of the Bank

1836. " of England

x & 2 Vict. c. 61... The Government In section one, the words

Offices Security Act, " in the said books ", where

1838. they secondly occur.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 71 The National Debt In section five, the words

Act, 1870, from " and (subject to the "provisions of Part V of " this Act) " to the end of the section; section twenty-two; sections twenty-three and twenty-four, so far as relating to stock and bonds of the descriptions mentioned in section forty-seven of this Act; section twenty-five; Part VI; in section fifty-one the words "in " the books of the* Bank

. ‘ of Ea^lfirid: or #of* Ireland " (as the *cdse may be) ";

and in section seventy, the words "or for re-* ceiving any certificate " or duplicate certificate "under Part VI of this "Act".

44 & 45 Vict. c. 55 The National Debt In section three, the words

Act, 1881. "shall be transferable in "the books of the Bank " of England in like manner " as the annuities with "which they are consoli-" dated, and ".

46 & 47 Vict. c. 54 The National Debt In section eight, in paragraph (8), the words "shall " be transferable in the " books of the Bank of " England in like manner as " the annuities with which " they are consolidated, " and",

Act, 1883.

IITH SCH.

—cont.

102

CH. 21.

Finance Act, 1942

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

IITH SCH. —coni.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16 The National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. In section eight, in subsection (5), the words "shall be transferable in the books of the Banks " of England and Ireland "in like manner as other " stocks of three per cent. " perpetual annuities, and".

32 & 53 Vict. c. 4 The National Debt Redemption Act, 1889. In section five, in subsection (3), the words "shall be transferable in " those books in like manner " as the annuities with "which they are consoli-* dated, and ".

55 & 56 Vict. c. 39 The National Debt (Stockholders Re* lief) Act, 1892. Section five, so far as relating to stock and bonds of the descriptions mentioned in section forty-seven of this Act.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37 ... The Irish Land Act, 1903. In section thirty-one, the words "shall be transfer-" able in the books of the " Bank of England and the "Bank of Ireland in like "manner as other stock " transferable under the w National Debt Act, 1870, "and’V

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 48 The Finance Act, 1911 Section seventeen.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 93 The War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915. In section one, in subsection (3), the words "and in-" scribed or registered in " their names in the books " of the Bank of England ".

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 31 The Finance Act, 1917 In section thirty-seven, subsections (1), (2) and (3); in subsection (4) the words "shall be transferable in " like manner as other stock " to which the National " Debt Act, 1870, applies " and "; and subsection (5).

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 32 The Finance Act, 1921 Section forty-eight.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17 The Finance Act, 1928 Section thirty-four.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 28 The Finance Act, 1930 Section fifty.

1942.

Finance Act, 1942. Ch. 21.

103

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Finance Act, 1935 In section thirty, in subsection (5), the words from the beginning to " and ".

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 43. The Tithe Act, 1936 In section twenty-four, in subsection (7), the words "shall be transferable in the books of the Bank in " like manner as other stock " transferable under the " National Debt Act, 1870, "and".

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 41 The Finance Act, 1939 In section thirty-five, subsection (1); and in subsection (3), the words "the books and the trans-" fer by deed register of the " Bank, and ".

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 18 The National Loans Act, 1941. In section one, the words "(hereafter in this Act " referred to as the prin-" ' cipal Act *) "; and section two.

Consequential Repeal of Order in\Crelating to Government

Stock.

Year and No. of Order

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

Statutory Rules and Orders, 1923, No. 227.

The Bank of Ireland (Belfast Register) Order, 1923.

In Article one, in paragraph (1), the words "(hereinafter " referred to as Government " stock) "; the words "the " National Debt Act, 1870, " as amended by any subse-" quent enactment" and the words "section seven-" teen of the Finance Act,

"1911, or", and in paragraph (2), the words "in " Part VI of the National

"Debt Act, 1870, and the " regulations made under " section thirty-seven of "the Finance Act, 1917, "and".

IITH SCH.

—cont.

104

CH. 21, 22.

Finance Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Section 49.

TWELFTH SCHEDULE. Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 Geo. 4. c. 81 The Excise Licences Act, 1825. Section fourteen.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 40 The Income Tax Act, 1918. Section one hundred and fifty-nine (as respects tax for the year 1942-43 and subsequent years of assessment).

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 22 The Finance Act, 1926. In subsection (4) of section thirty-three, from the words "or (b) by a person" to the words "that profit", and the proviso.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, Section eighteen (as respects

c. 54. 1937- tax for the year 1942-43 and subsequent years of assessment).

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 29... The Finance Act, 1940. Section two, and the Second Schedule.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48 The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940. Subsection (1) of section one, section two, subsection (1) of section three, section five. Parts I, III and IV of the First Schedule, the Second Schedule, Parts I and II of the Third Schedule, and the Fourth Schedule.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three.

[24th June 1942.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty

1942.

Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1942. Ch. 22.

105

that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, the sum of one thousand million pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt. 3

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1942.

Issue of £1,000,000,000 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1943.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

Short title.

Ch. 23.

Minister of Works and

Planning , 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

106

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to make provision in connection with the appointment of a Minister of Works and Planning, to provide for the transfer to that Minister of the functions and property of the Commissioners of Works, of the functions and property of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and of functions of the Minister of Health in relation to town and country planning; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[24th June 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Functions of Minister of Works and Planning.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 48.

1. — (1) If His Majesty is pleased to appoint any person to be a Minister of the Crown by the name of Minister of Works and Planning, then, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Act, there shall be transferred to that Minister—

(a) all functions exercisable under any enactment by the

Commissioners of Works and by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland;

(b) all property rights and liabilities held enjoyed or

incurred by the Commissioners of Works and by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland; and

(c) all functions exercisable by the Minister of Health under

the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932, except the functions exercisable by the Minister of Health under section thirty-two of that Act (which relates to the application of sums received by a responsible authority by way of betterment).

(2) Until, by virtue of an Order in Council under this Act, the office of First Commissioner of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings ceases to exist, any person appointed to hold office as Minister of Works and Planning shall by virtue of that office also hold office as First Commissioner of His Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings.

(3) The person for the time being holding the office of Minister of Works and Planning is hereinafter referred to as " the Minister ".

Oath of 2. The Minister shall take the oath of allegiance and the official

aUegiance and oath, and the Promissory Oaths Act, 1868, shall have effect as if *a,2°virt the name of the Minister were included in the First Part of the c. 72 3 Schedule to that Act.

1942. Minister of Works and Ch. 23.

Planning Act, 1942.

3. —(1) The Minister may employ such secretaries, officers and servants as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine, and there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament to the Minister and to the secretaries, officers and servants appointed by him, such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may determine.

(2) For the purposes of section six of the Ministers of the Crown Act 1937 (which makes provision against duplicate salaries) any salary payable under this Act to the Minister and to any person appointed by him to be a Parliamentary Secretary shall be deemed to be a salary payable under that Act.

(3) The expenses of the Minister, to such amount as may be sanctioned by the Treasury, shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

4. Neither the Minister, nor any parliamentary secretary appointed by the Minister shall, by reason of his office as such, be incapable of being elected as a member of the Commons House of Parliament,.or of sitting or voting as such a member:

Provided that during any period during which the Minister is a’member of that House not more than one such parliamentary secretary shall sit as a member thereof, and, during any other period, not more than two such parliamentary secretaries shall sit as members thereof.

5. —(1) The Minister shall for all purposes be a corporation sole and shall have an official seal, which shall be authenticated by the signature of the Minister or of a secretary of the Ministry of Works and Planning or any person authorised by the Minister to act in that behalf.

(2) The seal of the Minister shall be officially and judicially noticed, and every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued by the Minister and to be sealed with the seal of the Minister authenticated in the manner provided by this section, or to be signed by a secretary of the Ministry of Works and Planning or any person authorised as aforesaid, shall be received in evidence and be deemed to be so made or issued without further proof, unless the contrary is shown.

(3) A certificate signed by the Minister that any instrument purporting to be made or issued by him was so made or issued shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

(4) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to the Minister as if his name were included in the first column of the Schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and as if he or a secretary of the Ministry of Works and Planning or any person authorised by him to act on his behalf were mentioned in the second column of that

107

Officers, remuneration and expenses.

1 Edw. 8 and 1 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Capacity to sit in House of Commons.

Seal style and acts of Minister.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 37.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 9.

108 Ch. 23. Minister of Works and 5 & 6 Geo. 6* Planning Act, 1942.

Provisions as to Orders in Council. Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in that Act included any document issued by the Minister. (5) No stamp duty shall be chargeable on any instrument made by, to, or with the Minister. 6. — (1) The functions, property, rights and liabilities to be transferred to the Minister under this Act shall be so transferred by such Orders in Council as may from time to time be made by His Majesty for transferring to the Minister, as from such dates as may be specified in the Order,— (a) any of the powers conferred or duties imposed by or under any enactment on the Commissioners of Works; (b) any property rights and liabilities held enjoyed or incurred by the said Commissioners; (c) any of the powers conferred or duties imposed by or under any enactment on the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland; (d) any property rights and liabilities held enjoyed or incurred by the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland; (e) any of the powers conferred or duties imposed by or under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932, on the Minister of Health, except the functions exercisable by the Minister of Health under section thirty-two of that Act: Provided that any such powers duties property rights or liabilities conferred, imposed, held, enjoyed or incurred under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts, 1939 and 1940, shall be transferred to the Minister by Orders in Council made under those Acts. (2) In relation to any powers duties property rights or liabilities transferable or transferred by Orders in Council under this Act, the Commissioners of Works the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and the Minister of Health are in this section respectively referred to as " the transferors ". (3) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, make such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as appear to His Majesty to be necessary or expedient having regard to any transfer effected under this Act, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, any such Order in Council may— (a) repeal, modify or adapt any enactment, order, regulation, scheme, deed, agreement or other instrument relating to the transferors or their functions or property, to such extent as appears to be necessary or expedient as aforesaid;

1942-

Minister of Works and

Planning Act, 1942. Ch. 23.

109

(6) provide for the transfer to the Minister of any powers conferred or duties imposed on the Minister of Health by or under any enactment other than the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932, to such extent as appears to be necessary or expedient as aforesaid;

(c) provide for the transfer to the Minister of any function

exercisable by any of the Commissioners of Works or *by any of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland;

(d) provide for the carrying on and completion by, to, before, or under the authority of the Minister or of any person appointed by him of anything begun by, to, before, or under the authority of the transferors or any person appointed by them before the date when the Order takes effect, and for the substitution of the Minister for the transferors in any contract or legal proceeding made or begun before that date;

(e) provide for securing that any order, regulation, direction,

approval, appointment, requirement or authorisation made or given by the transferors shall continue in force to the like extent and subject to the like conditions as if it had been duly made or given by the Minister.

(4) As soon as it appears to His Majesty that by reason of the transfer of powers duties property rights and liabilities from the Commissioners of Works it is no longer necessary that the said Commissioners shall continue to exist, His Majesty may by Order in Council provide for the dissolution of the Commissioners, and on the coming into force of any such Order in Council the office of Commissioner of His Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings shall cease to exist.

(5) As soon as it appears to His Majesty that by reason of the transfer of powers duties property rights and liabilities from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland it is no longer necessity(that the said Commissioners shall continue to exist. His Majesty may by Order in Council provide for the dissolution of the Commissioners, and on the coming into force of any such Order in Council the office of Commissioner of Public Works in Ireland shall cease to exist.

(6) A certificate issued by the Minister that any property has been transferred to him by virtue of an Order in Council made under this section shall be conclusive evidence of that fact. 7

(7) Any Order in Council made under this Act may be varied or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council made by His Majesty.

no

Ch. 23, 24.

Minister of Works and

Planning Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

Short title and extent.

Grant for development of postal, telegraphic, and telephonic systems.

(8) Any Order in Council under this Act repealing, modifying or adapting any enactment shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made:

Provided that no such Order in Council shall be deemed for the purposes of section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, to be a statutory rule to which that section applies.

7. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Minister of Works and Planning Act, 1942.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland, and this Act shall extend to the Isle of Man.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to provide for raising further money for the development of the postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems and the repayment to the Post Office Fund of moneys applied thereout for such development.

[29th July 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritui and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Without prejudice to the exercise of any powers previously given for the like purpose, the Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Consolidated Fund ") such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of thirty-five million pounds, as may be required by the Postmaster-General for developing, according to estimates approved by the Treasury, the postal, telegraphic, and telephonic systems, or for repaying to the Post Office Fund any moneys which may have been applied thereout for that purpose.

(2) The Treasury may, if they think fit, for the purpose of providing money for sums so authorised to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or for repaying to that fund all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow by means of terminable annuities for a term not exceeding twenty years, and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(3) The said annuities shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the service of the Post Office, and if those moneys are insufficient shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund.

1942. Post Office and Telegraph Ch. 24,25.

(Money) Act, 1942.

(4) The Treasury may also, if they think fit, for the same purpose borrow money by means of the issue of Exchequer Bonds, and the Capital Expenditure (Money) Act, 1904, shall have effect as if this Act had been in force at the time of the passing of that Act.

(5) Section five of the Telephone Transfer Act, 1911 (which relates to audit), shall have effect as if this Act were included amongst the Acts therein mentioned.

2.—This Act may be cited as the Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the law with respect to customs in the Isle of Man.

[29 th July 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) In lieu of the duties imposed on spirits by subsection (2) of section two of the Act of 1940, there shall, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-three, be payable on the removal or importation of spirits into the Isle of Man, the following duties of customs—

(a) in the case of spirits of any description, being Empire products produced in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, a duty of six pounds seventeen shillings and sixpence for every gallon computed at proof, whether in cask or bottle;

(6) in the case of spirits of the descriptions specified in the first column of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, being Empire products produced elsewhere than in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, duties at the preferential rates respectively specified in the second column of that Part of that Schedule;

(c) in the case of spirits of the descriptions so specified, not being Empire products, duties at the full rates respectively specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule;

(d) in the case of spirits of the descriptions specified in the first column of Part II of that Schedule—

(i) where the spirits have been warehoused for a period of less than three but not less than two years, duties at the rates respectively specified

III

4 Edw. 7. c. 21.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 26.

Short title.

Spirits.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 49.

112

Wines.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 109.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 8.

Ch. 25. Isle of Man (Customs) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

in the second column of that Part of that Schedule; and (ii) where the spirits have not been warehoused, or have been warehoused for a period of less than two years, duties at the rates respectively specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule; in addition to the duty payable under the foregoing provisions of this section:

Provided that no duty shall be payable under this section on the removal to the Isle of Man of spirits methylated in Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

(2) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

2. — (1) In lieu of the duties imposed on wines by subsection (2) of section three of the Act of 1940, there shall, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-three, be payable, on the removal or importation of wines into the Isle of Man, the following duties of customs—

(a) in the case of wines of the descriptions specified in the first column of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act, not being Empire products, duties at the rates respectively specified in the second column of that Part of that Schedule; and

(b) in the case of wines of the descriptions specified in the first column of Part II of that Schedule, being Empire products, duties at the rates respectively specified in the second column of that Part of that Schedule :

Provided that if, by virtue of the proviso to section three of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939, the preferential rate chargeable under that section (as amended by any subsequent enactment) on wine not exceeding twenty-seven degrees of proof spirit is increased, either generally or as respects wine produced or manufactured in any particular country, the Governor may from time to time make such orders as may be necessary to provide that this subsection has the same effect as respects wine removed or imported into the Isle of Man as the said section three has for the time being as respects wine imported into Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

(2) Subsection (2) of section eight of the Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1890 (which provides that wine rendered sparkling in warehouse is to be deemed sparkling wine for the purposes of certain duties imposed on sparkling wine) shall apply for the purposes of the duty imposed on sparkling wine by this section as it applied for the purposes of the duty mentioned in that subsection.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1942. Ch. 25.

1942

113

(3) In this section the expression " wine " includes the lees of wine, but does not include wine made in Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

(4) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

3. — (1) In lieu of the duties imposed on sweets by subsection (2) Sweets, of section four of the Act of 1940, there shall, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-three, be payable, on the removal or importation of sweets into the Isle of Man, the following duties of customs—

(a) in the case of sparkling sweets, a duty at the rate of one

pound three shillings and three pence for every gallon;

and

(b) in the case of other sweets, a duty at the rate of eleven

shillings for every gallon.

(2) In this section the expression "sweets" means any liquor which is made in Great Britain or Northern Ireland from fruit and sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other material, and which has undergone a process of fermentation in the manufacture thereof, and includes British wines, made wines, mead and metheglin.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

4. — (1) In lieu of the duties imposed on tobacco by sub- Tobacco, section (2) of section five of the Act of 1940, there shall, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-three, be payable, on the removal or importation into the Isle of Man of tobacco of the descriptions specified in the first column of the Third Schedule to this Act, the following duties of customs—

(a) in the case of tobacco not being an Empire product,

duties at the rates respectively specified in the second column of that Schedule; and

(b) in the case of tobacco being an Empire product, duties

at the rates respectively specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) In the said Schedule the expression "stripped tobacco" means tobacco of which the leaf is not complete by reason of the removal of the stalk or midrib or of some portion thereof, but tobacco shall not be deemed to be stripped tobacco solely by reason of its having been subjected to such process of butting as the Commissioners may allow.

(3) This section shall be deemed to have come into operation on the twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

H

U4

Annual

duties

(continuation).

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 24.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 56.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 1.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 27.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 41.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 40.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 45. 1 Edw. 8.

1 Geo. 6. c. 64.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 68.

Short title, interpretation and repeal.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 74.

Ch. 25. Isle of Man (1 ) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

5. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the duties of customs imposed on goods removed or imported into the Isle of Man, being goods of the descriptions set out in the first column of the following table by the respective enactments set out in the second column of that table, shall continue to be payable until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-three:—

TABLE.

Description of goods.

Enactment imposing duty.

Ale and beer

Cocoa

Hops and extracts, essences and other similar preparations (other than hop oil) made from hops.

Hop oil

Matches

Silk and artificial silk and articles made wholly or in part from silk or artificial silk.

Tea...

Section 1 of the Act of 1940. Section 4 of the Act of 1924. Section 5 of the Act of 1925.

Section 3 of the Act of 1929.

Section 6 of the Act of 1940.

Section 7 of the Act of 1925, as amended by section 8 of the Act of 1926, section 9 of the second Act of 1932, section 4 of the Act of 1933, section 3 of the Act of 1936 and section 3 of the Act of 1937.

Section 5 of the Act of 1938.

(2) Where any enactment set out in the second column of the foregoing table confers power on the Governor to make orders varying or repealing the duties of customs payable on the goods referred to in that enactment or imposing a new duty on such goods, the provisions of that enactment relating to the said power shall continue in force until the said first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-three, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any orders made in pursuance of any such power (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) which are for the time being in force.

6. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1942.

(2) In this Act the expression "Empire product" has the same meaning as in section five of the Act of 1919 as amended by any subsequent enactment.

(3) Sections two, three, four and five of, and the First, Second, Third and Fourth Schedules to, the Act of 1940, are hereby repealed as from the twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-two.

1942.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1942. Ch. 25.

ii5

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Section 1.

Rates of Duties on Spirits.

Part I.

Ordinary Rates payable on Spirits not produced in Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

1. 2. 3.

Description of Spirits. Preferential Rates. Full Rates.

In Cask. In Bottle. In Cask. In Bottle.

For every gallon computed at proof of— £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Brandy or rum 6 17 10 6 18 10 704 7 1 4

Imitation rum or geneva Unsweetened spirits other than those al- 6 17 11 6 18 11 705 7 1 5

ready enumerated ... For every gallon of per- 6 17 11 6 17 11 7°5 7 0 5

fumed spirits For every gallon of liqueurs, cordials, mixtures, and other preparations in bottle entered in such manner as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested For every gallon computed at proof of spirits of any description not heretofore mentioned, including naphtha and methy-lic alcohol purified so as to be potable, and mixtures and preparations 11 0 0 11 1 0 9 6 10 11 4 0 11 5 0 9 10 2

containing spirit 6 17 11 6 18 11 7<>5 7 15

n6 Ch. 25. Isle Man (Customs) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

ist Sch. Part II.

cont. Additional Customs Duties in respect of all Immature Spirits.

I. 2. 3-

Description of Spirits. Where the Spirits have been warehoused for a period of two years and less than three years. Where the Spirits have not been warehoused or have been warehoused for a period of less than two years.

For every gallon computed S. d. s. d.

at proof of spirits of any description except perfumed spirits I 0 I 6

For every gallon of liqueurs, cordials, mixtures and other preparations entered in such manner as to indicate that the strength is not to be tested I 4 2 0

For every gallon of perfumed spirits 1 7 2 5

Section 2. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rates of Duties on Wines. Part I.

Non-Empire Products.

Description of Wine. Rate of duty per gallon.

1 s. d.

Not exceeding 25 degrees proof spirit Exceeding 25 degrees proof spirit and not exceeding 14 0

42 degrees proof spirit For every degree or fraction of a degree above 42 180

degrees proof spirit, an additional duty 4

Sparkling, an additional duty 18 9

Still, in bottle, an additional duty 3 0

Part II. Empire Products.

Not exceeding 27 degrees proof spirit 12 0

Exceeding 27 degrees proof spirit and not exceeding

42 degrees proof spirit 140

For every degree or fraction of a degree above 42

degrees proof spirit, an additional duty 2 0

Sparkling, an additional duty 12 6

Still, in bottle, an additional duty 2 0

1942. Isle of Man (Customs) Ch. 25.

Act, 1942.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Rates of Duties on Tobacco.

Rate of duty per pound.

Description of Tobacco. Non-Empire products. Empire products.

Unmanufactured tobacco, viz.:— containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof— £ s. d. £ s. d.

unstripped I96 1 7 5i

stripped containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight thereof— 1 9 6J 1 7 5i

unstripped H H O ON 1 8 2$

stripped Manufactured tobacco, viz.:— i 10 6$ 1 8 3i

cigars 1 18 1 1 14 2j

cigarettes 1 14 7 i 11 5i

Cavendish or Negrohead Cavendish or Negrohead 1 13 9 1 10 9i

manufactured in bond other manufactured 1 12 0 1 9 4i

tobacco Snuff— containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 1 12 0 1 9 4i

100 lbs. weight thereof containing not more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every 100 lbs. weight 1 11 4 i 8 10$

thereof 1 13 9 1 10 9f

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

Section

n8

Ch. 26. Pensions 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

[Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the Pensions (Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act, 1939, as respects mariners and other seafaring persons; to explain the meaning of " physical injury " in that Act and in the Personal Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939, and to make a consequential amendment of section three of the last-mentioned Act.

[29th July 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's liiost Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Additional injuries and damage in respect of which compensation may be paid.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 83.

1. — (1) Sections three, four and five of the Pensions (Navy, Army, Air Force and Mercantile Marine) Act, 1939 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") (which sections empower the Minister of Pensions to make schemes for awards in respect of war injuries to mariners, pilots and other persons, and certain persons employed or engaged in ships forming part of His Majesty’s Navy) shall, as amended by the subsequent provisions of this Act, apply in relation to injuries falling within this section which are not war injuries as defined by section ten of the principal Act as they apply in relation to war injuries as so defined; and section six of the principal Act (which provides for compensation for war damage to effects) shall, as amended by the subsequent provisions of this Act, apply in relation to loss and damage falling within this section which is not war damage as so defined as it applies in relation to war damage as so defined.

(2) The injuries falling within this section are physical injuries sustained on or after the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, at sea or in any other tidal water or in the waters of any harbour, and attributable to—

(a) the taking of measures with a view to avoiding, preventing or hindering enemy action against ships, or as a precaution in anticipation of enemy action against ships, or for rescue or salvage purposes in consequence of enemy action against ships; or

(b) the absence, by reason of circumstances connected

with any war in which His Majesty may be engaged, of any aid to navigation for ships, or of any warning of danger to ships, being an aid or warning which would be normal in time of peace; or

(c) the carriage, by reason of circumstances connected

with any such war as aforesaid, of any cargo in a manner which would be abnormal in time of peace and involves

1942.

Pensions

(Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942. Ch. 26.

119

danger to the ship in which the cargo is carried or to her crew; or

(d) the existence on board ship of any other conditions arising out of any such war as aforesaid which would be abnormal in time of peace,

and the loss and damage falling within this section is loss and damage sustained and attributable as aforesaid:

Provided that in relation to injuries, loss or damage sustained in the waters of a harbour the measures specified in paragraph (a) of this subsection do not include the prohibition or restriction of lights other than navigational fights.

(3) For the purposes of this section an injury or any loss or damage shall be treated as being attributable to the matters specified in paragraph (a), in paragraph (6), in paragraph (c), or in paragraph (d) of the last preceding subsection if, but only if, they substantially increased the risk of the peril occurring which caused the injury, loss or damage.

(4) In this section the expression "navigational fight" means a light displayed, whether on a ship or otherwise, as an aid to navigation for ships or as a warning of danger to ships.

2. — (1) For subsections (1) and (2) of section three of the Mariners, principal Act (which authorises the making of a scheme for awards to or for the benefit of mariners and their dependants in cases where mariners have sustained war injuries, or been detained, by reason of their service in British ships) there shall be substituted the following subsections:—

" (1) The Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, make a scheme for—

(a) applying the provisions of any Naval War Pensions

Order to persons in cases where their death or disablement is directly attributable to their having sustained war injuries, or suffered detention, by reason of their service as mariners in British ships;

(b) the payment of allowances to or for the benefit of persons who have suffered detention as aforesaid or to or for the benefit of their dependants.

(2) The cases in which a person who has sustained an injury, or suffered detention, is to be treated as having sustained the injury, or suffered the detention, by reason of his service in a British ship as a mariner are where the injury, or the capture on which his detention was consequent, as the case may be, occurred—

(0) while he was in the service of a British ship as a mariner;

(b) in the case of a person normally employed as a

mariner, while he was in the service of a seagoing

120

Ch. 26.

Pensions

(Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

British ship in the British Islands in which he was employed as master or a member of the crew thereof, notwithstanding that he was not employed in seagoing service in the ship;

(c) while he was at a place outside the British Islands

on leave from a British ship in which he was employed as a mariner and which was at a port outside the British Islands;

(d) while he was at a place outside the British Islands

in accordance with arrangements made or approved by or on behalf of the Minister of War Transport for having persons available for employment as mariners;

(e) while he was at any place, except on land in the

British Islands, in the course of proceeding to employment in a British ship as a mariner, or to a place to which he was going in accordance with such arrangements as aforesaid;

(f) without prejudice to the last preceding paragraph, while he was at any place, except as aforesaid, in the course of returning to any part of the British Islands, to the country to which he belonged, or to any other country approved by or on behalf of the Minister of War Transport, from employment in a British ship as a mariner, or from a place at which he had been in accordance with such arrangements as aforesaid, and before he first arrived on land in that part of the British Islands or, as the case may be, in that country; or

(g) while he was waiting at any place outside the British Islands to proceed or return as aforesaid, whether the delay was due to sickness or to any other cause outside his control."

(2) For paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section six of the principal Act (which authorises the making of a scheme for compensating the persons mentioned in paragraphs (a), (b) and

(c) thereof for war damage to their effects sustained in the circumstances mentioned in those paragraphs) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (a) persons for war damage to their effects sustained by reason of their service as mariners in British ships, that is to say, sustained in any of the circumstances mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (g) of subsection (2) of section three of this Act."

(3) The references in. section three, and in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section six, of the principal Act, as amended by the foregoing provisions of this section, to British ships shall in

1942.

Pensions

(Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942. Ch. 26.

relation to injuries, detention, loss or damage sustained or suffered by British subjects and British protected persons be construed as including references to other ships chartered on behalf of His Majesty; and a scheme under the said section three or section six may make provision, as respects such cases as may be specified by or under the scheme, for treating the service or employment of British subjects and British protected persons as mariners in ships which are not British ships or such other ships as aforesaid as if it were service or employment in British ships.

3. — (1) The persons to whom section four of the principal Act Pilots and (which authorises the making of a scheme for awards to or for apprentice the benefit of persons to whom that section applies and their P110*3, dependants in cases where the said persons have sustained war injuries, or been detained, by reason of their service) applies as being pilots and apprentice pilots are any pilot, and any person (whether an apprentice or not) training as a pilot, whose normal occupation as such is carried on in or from the British Islands and is that of acting as pilot or apprentice pilot in ships at sea or ships proceeding to or from sea from or to ports or pilotage districts in the British Islands which are at sea at some time while he is so acting; and in this section the expression " apprentice pilot " includes any person training as a pilot.

(2) For the purposes of the said section four, the cases in which a pilot or apprentice pilot who has sustained an injury, or suffered detention, is to be treated as having sustained the injury, or suffered the detention, by reason of his service are where the injury, or the capture on which his detention was consequent, as the case may be, occurred—

(a) at any time during a period while he was on a seagoing

ship, if dining some part of that period he was acting or was due to act as pilot or apprentice pilot;

(b) while he was on board a pilot boat;

(c) while he was at any place, except on land in the British Islands, while proceeding to or returning from a seagoing ship in which he was due to act, or had acted, as pilot or apprentice pilot or a pilot boat;

and paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section four of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

(3) The cases in which a scheme made under subsection (1) of section six of the principal Act may provide for compensation to persons to whom the said section four applies as pilots and apprentice pilots for war damage to their effects are where the damage occurred in the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (a), paragraph (6) or paragraph (c) of subsection (2) of this section, and paragraph (6) of the said subsection (1) shall be construed accordingly.

122

Persons engaged in salvage operations.

Meaning of " physical injury

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 82.

Minor and consequential amendments of principal Act.

Ch. 26. Pensions 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942.

4. — (1) Section four of the principal Act shall apply to such salvage workers as are specified in subsection (2) of this section; and for the purposes of the said section four such a salvage worker shall be deemed to have sustained an injury, or to have been detained, by reason of his service if he sustained the injury, or if the capture in consequence of which the detention occurs was effected,—

(a) while he was engaged in salvage operations taking place either at sea or in any tidal water or harbour outside the British Islands;

(ft) while he was on leave at a place outside the British Islands during the carrying on of such salvage operations in which he was engaged;

(c) while he was at any place, except on land in the British

Islands, in the course of proceeding to or returning from engagement in such salvage operations;

(d) while he was waiting at any place outside the British

Islands to proceed or return as aforesaid, whether the delay was due to sickness or to any other cause outside his control.

(2) The salvage workers hereinbefore referred to are any person, other than a member of His Majesty’s naval forces, who, not being the master or a member of the crew of a ship, is regularly employed in salvage operations in or from the British Islands.

(3) The cases in which a scheme made under subsection (1) of section six of the principal Act may provide for compensation to persons to whom section four of that Act applies as salvage workers for war damage to their effects are where the damage occurred in the circumstances mentioned in paragraph (a), paragraph (b), paragraph (c), or paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section, and paragraph (b) of the said subsection (1) of section six shall be construed accordingly.

(4) In relation to such a salvage worker as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, or to the master or a member of the crew of a ship regularly employed, or chartered for the purpose of being employed, in salvage operations, the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section one of this Act to measures taken for salvage purposes shall not apply.

5. For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that the expression " physical injury ", in the principal Act and in this Act, and in the Personal Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939, includes tuberculosis and any other organic disease, and the aggravation thereof.

6. The principal Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in the Schedule to this Act, being minor amendments and amendments consequential on the preceding provisions of this Act.

1942.

Pensions

(Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942. Ch. 26.

123

7. —(1) Section three of the Personal Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939, (which as respects war injuries provides for relief from liability to pay compensation under the enactments relating to workmen’s compensation and certain other enactments or to pay compensation or damages for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty under any enactment or contract or at common law) shall apply in relation to any such injury as is mentioned in subsection (2) of this section sustained after the passing of this Act, not being a war injury, as it applies in relation to a war injury.

(2) The injuries hereinbefore referred to are injuries falling within section one of this Act and certified by the Minister of Pensions to have been sustained by such a person and in such a case that an award could be made in respect thereof under any scheme made, or which could be made, under section three, section four or section five of the principal Act as amended by this Act.

8. —(1) Without prejudice to the general provisions as to schemes contained in section seven of the principal Act, it is hereby declared that a scheme authorised by this Act to be made by virtue of the principal Act may provide that it shall some mto operation, or shall be deemed to have come into operation, on such date as may be specified therein, whether Defore or after the commencement of this Act.

(2) The repeal by this Act of any provision of the principal Act shall not affect the validity of anything in a scheme made lnder the principal Act before the date of the passing of this Act, but nothing in this subsection shall be taken to prejudice Tie power to amend or revoke a scheme so made.

9. Any increase in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under schemes made by virtue of the principal Act vhich is attributable to the provisions of this Act extending the cope of such schemes shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

10. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Pensions (Mercantile larine) Act, 1942.

(2) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings iereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" harbour" means any harbour, whether natural or artificial, and any port, dock, haven, estuary, tidal or other river, canal or inland navigation to which sea-going ships have access;

" salvage" means the preservation or recovery of vessels wrecked, stranded or in distress, or their cargo or apparel, or the recovery of any other property from the water and includes the removal of wrecks, and " salvage operations " and " salvage purposes " shall be construed accordingly;

Consequential extension of s. 3 of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 82.

Provisions as to schemes.

Expenses.

Short title and interpretation.

124

Ch. 26.

Pensions

(Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6

Section 6.

57 & 58 Vict, c. 60.

" tidal water" means any part of the sea, and any part of i river within the ebb and flow of the tide at ordinary spring tides and not being a harbour.

(3) Expressions used in this Act and in the principal Act a amended by this Act have, save where this Act otherwis expressly provides, the meaning assigned thereto by the principa Act as so amended.

SCHEDULE.

Minor and consequential amendments of the principal Act.

In subsection (3) of section three and in subsection (2) of sectioi five for the words "but of such amount and character as may tx specified in the scheme " there shall be substituted the words "but ol such amount and character as may be determined by or under tbf scheme *.

In paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of section seven for the words "such modifications" there shall be substituted the words "such additions and modifications

At the end of paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section four there shall be inserted the words "or is at any place, except on land in the British Islands, in the course of proceeding to the boat or tender fa the purpose of being in the service thereof, or of returning from the boat or tender after being in the service thereof

In paragraph (c) of subsection (3) of section four, for the words "is proceeding by sea or air " there shall be substituted the words "is at any place, except on land in the British Islands, in the course of proceeding " and for the words "or from the lightship " there shall be substituted the words "or of returning from the lightship ".

In subsection (4) of section four at the end of the definition of "pilot boat" there shall be added the words "save that it includes any vessel which for the time being is being used in the pilotage service of any pilotage district in the British Islands ".

In the definition of "British ship" in section ten for the words "has the same meaning as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 except that it includes a ship within the meaning of that Act " there shall be substituted the words "does not include a ship forming part of His Majesty’s Navy, but includes a ship ".

In the definition of "mariner" in section ten the word "British" shall be omitted and after the words "in seagoing service " there shall be inserted the words "in that ship ".

After the definition of "Naval War Pensions Order " in section ten there shall be inserted the following definition—

" ‘ Place ’ includes any point on land, in the air, or on or in the water ".

1942. Pensions Ch. 26,27. 125

(Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942.

For the definition of "port " in section ten there shall be substituted the following definition—

" Port’ includes any dock, harbour, pier, quay, wharf, mooring, anchorage or other similar place ".

After the definition of "port " in section ten there shall be inserted the following definition—

" ‘ Ship ’ has the same meaning 21s in the Merchant Shipping Act,

1894."

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[6th August 1942.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of issue of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply ^349,845,040 granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the out oi .the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty- p°^lidated three the sum of three hundred and forty-nine million, eight hundred and forty-five thousand, and forty pounds.

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England the Treasury and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the to borrow, credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole three hundred and forty-nine million, eight hundred and forty-five thousand, and forty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of 40 & 41 Vict, bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills. c. 2.

126 Ch. 27. Appropriation 5 & 6 Geo. 6:

Act, 1942.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent! per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for navy, army and air services respectively be not exceeded.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of three thousand eight hundred and three million, five hundred and thirty-six thousand, nine hundred and two pounds, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. —(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on navy, army and air services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

127

be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the navy, army and air services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Acts, 1940 and 1941, surpluses arising on certain votes for navy, army and air services have been applied towards making good deficits on those services respectively as shown in the statements set out in Schedule (C) to this Act.

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses as shown in the said statements is hereby sanctioned.

6. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period of twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation \ct, 1942.

Sanction for application of surpluses on certain navy, army and air votes for 1940,

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 46.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

Short title.

128

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Section 3.

Section 3.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A).

I *■

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - - 3,803,536,902 o 0

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriations of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

1941.

Part 1. Navy (Supplementary), 1941 -, 2. Army (Supple-

mentary), 1941 -, 3. Air (Supplementary), 1941 -, 4. Civil Departments (Supplementary), 1941 -, 5. Expenditure arising out of the war (Supplementary Vote of Credit), 1941 , 6. Expenditure arising out of the war (Supplementary Vote of Credit), 1941

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ s. d. £ d.

10 0 0 16,000,000 0 0

10 0 0 75,000,000 0 0

10 0 0 50,000,000 0 0

4,809,532 0 0 217,925,067 0 0

1,000,000,000 0 0 —

250,000,000 0 0 —

1,254,809,562 0 0 358,925.067 0 0

1942. Appropriation Ch. 27. 129

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriations of Grants—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1942-Part 7. Navy £ *• d. 1,800 0 0 0 </>’ 0 eg H

, 8. Army 1,500 0 0 150 0 0

, 9. Air Force - 1,100 0 0 no 0 0

1 4,400 0 0 0 0 1

Part 10. Civil Class I - 2,800,350 0 0 1,126,319 0 0

, 11. Civil Class II - 14,021,306 0 0 267,915 0 0

, 12. Civil, Class III 20,780,586 0 0 2,335.458 0 0

, 13. Civil, Class IV 79,482,917 0 0 6,525,833 0 0

, 14. Civil, Class V - 182,638,844 0 0 4,968,852 0 0

, 15. Civil, Class VI 18,720,543 0 0 3,584,214 0 0

, 16. Civil, Class VII 16,342,737 0 0 2,620,415 0 0

, 17. Civil, Class VIII 40,119,008 0 0 60,643 0 0

, 18. Civil, Class IX- 52,772,859 0 0 1,278,000 0 0

, 19. Civil. Class X. 1,820 0 0 180 0 0

Total, Civil 427,680,970 0 0 22,767,829 0 0

Part 20. Revenue Departments 121,041,970 0 0 5,217,303 0 0

, 21. Expenditure arising out of the war (Vote of Credit) -, 22. Expenditure arising out of the war (Sup-plemen tary Vote of Credit)- 1.000. 000.000 0 0 1.000. 000.000 0 0 —

Grand Total £ 3.803,536,902 0 0 386,910,639 0 0

SCHED. (B.) Appropriations of Grants.

I

130

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Ad, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED.(A)

SCHEDULE (A).

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

£ d.

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March 1942—

Under Act 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 2 - 1,000,000,000 o 0

Under Act 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 12 - 254,809,562 o 0

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943—

Under Act 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 12 -

Under Act 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 22 -

Under this Act

1,198,882,300 o 0 1,000,000,000 o 0 349,845,040 o 0

Total

£3.803,536,902 0 0

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

131

SCHEDULE (B).—Part i.

Navy (Supplementary), 1941.

SCHED. (B). Part i.

Navy

(Supple-

mentary),

1941-

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1942.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. Wages, &c., of Officers and Men of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines, and of certain other personnel serving with £ £

the fleet 10 16,000.000

le

132

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 2. Army (Supplementary), 194* 1.

SCHED. (B.) Part 3.

Air

(Supple-

mentary),

1941.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2.

Army (Supplementary), 1941.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1942.

Vote.

I. Pay, &c., Qf the Army

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

10 75,000,000

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3.

Air (Supplementary), 1941.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Air Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1942.

Vote.

1. Pay, dec., of the Air Force

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ L

10 50,000,000

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

133

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4.

Civil (Supplementary), 1941.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1942, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

CIVIL. Class I. Vote. 2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons, including a grant i • I

in aid to the Kitchen Committee 10 —

21. For certain miscellaneous expenses.

including certain grants in aid - 650 —

27. For a grant in aid of the Government

Hospitality Fund -Class II. 2. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty's Embassies, Missions and Consular Establishments Abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote; certain special grants and payments, including grants in aid; 10,000

and sundry other services - 8. For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern Services under His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants 10

in aid 724.257 37.6l6

Carried forward - - 734.927 37,616

SCHED. (B). Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

I941*

134

Ch. 27.

Appropriation 5 & 6 Geo. 6

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

Sched. (B). Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

1941-

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

CIVI 1^-cont.

i

Brought forward

734.927

37.616

Class IV.

Vote.

10. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c. and other grants

69,000

*-42,139

12. For a grant in aid of the British Broadcasting Corporation ...

1,300,000

13. For public education in Scotland, for the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, including sundry grants in aid,' and for grants to approved associations and other expenses in connection with youth welfare -

10

Class V.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including sums payable by the Exchequer to the Unemployment ' Fund, grants to local authorities, associations and other bodies in respect of unemployment insurance, employment exchange and other services; expenses of transfer and resettlement; expenses of training; contribution towards the expenses of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations); expenses of the Industrial Court; and sundry services

Carried forward -

•Deficit.

2,450,000 — 4.553.937 ‘*-1,604,523

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4—continued.

Ch. 27.

135

CIVIL—cont. Brought forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ i

4.553.937 *-1,604,523

Class VI.

Vote.

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including grants and grants in aid and expenses in respect of agricultural education and research, eradication of diseases of animals, and improvement of breeding, &c., of live stock, land settlement, improvement of cultivation, drainage, &c., regulation of agricultural wages, agricultural credits, and marketing; fishery organisation, research and development, control of diseases of fish, &c.; and sundry other services including certain remanet subsidy payments -

255.535

4.650

Unclassified Services.

1.For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aircraft Production 6. For measures in England and Wales to deal with casualties and disease, for expenses connected with evacuation, for repair of war damage and for other services arising out of the war -8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Home Security 14. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply, including the expenses of the Royal Ordnance

Factories

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of War Transport

Total, Civil (Supplementary),

1941 -

10 6,524,990

10 29,999,990

10 3.499.99°

10 6,999,990*

10

10

4.809,532

2,499,990

169,999,990

217,925,067

* Deficit.

SCHED. (B). Part 4.

Civil

(Supple-

mentary),

1941.

136

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Expenditure arising out of the war. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

1941-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5.

Expenditure arising out of the War.

(Supplementary Vote of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred £ during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1942 for general Navy, Army and Air Services and for the Ministry of Supply in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament, for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the wsfr, for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - 1,000,000,000

Sched. (B).

Part 6. Expenditure arising out of the war. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

1941-

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6.

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred £

during the year ended on the 31st day of March 1942 for general Navy, Army, and Air Services and for the Ministry of Supply in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament, for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war, for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - 250,000,000

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

137

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7. Sched. (»).

' ' 7 Part 7.

Navy.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, including provision for such numbers of officers, seamen, boys and royal marines and/ royal marine police as His Majesty may deem necessary, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. i. For wages, &c., of officers and men of the royal navy and royal marines and of certain other personnel serving I I i

with the fleet 2. For victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling IOO 10

establishments at home and abroad -3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home 100 10

and abroad IOO 10

4. For civilians employed on fleet services IOO 10

5. For educational services - IOO 10

6. For scientific services - 7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve and the royal naval IOO 10

volunteer reserve, &c. 8. Section I. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., at dockyards and naval yards at home IOO 10

and abroad Section II. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., at dockyards and naval yards at IOO 10

home and abroad - -, Section III. For contract work for IOO 10

shipbuilding, repairs, &c. - IOO 10

Carried forward - - £\ 1,000 IOO

138

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

I I

Brought forward* - Vote. 1,000 100

9. For naval armaments - 10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants and other charges connected 100 10

therewith 11. For various miscellaneous effective 100 10

services 100 10

12. For the Admiralty Office - 13. For non-effective services (naval and 100 10

marine)—officers -14. For non-effective services (naval and 100 10

marine)—men 15. For civil superannuation, and other non-effective annual allowances, addi- 100 10

tional allowances and gratuities 100 10

16. For merchant shipbuilding, &c. - 100 10

Total, Navy Services £ 1,800 180

1942.

• Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

139

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned which will come in course of payment .during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, including provision for such numbers of Land Forces of all ranks as His Majesty may deem necessary (exclusive of those serving in India and Burma), viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. £ £

1. For the pay, &c., of the Army 2. For the Army Reserve, Supplementary IOO 10

Reserve, Territorial Army, Training Corps, Home Guard, and Colonial

Militia, &c. - 100 10

3. For medical services - IOO 10

4. FOr educational establishments - IOO 10

5. For quartering and movements - 6. For supplies, road transport and IOO 10

remounts IOO 10

7. For clothing IOO 10

8. For general stores - IOO 10

9. For warlike stores - 10. For works, buildings and lands, including civilian staff and other IOO 10

charges in connection therewith IOO 10

11. For miscellaneous effective services - IOO 10

12. For the War Office - IOO 10

Carried forward 1,200 ! 120

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Army.

140

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8— .

Part 8.

Sums not exceeding

• Supply Giants.* Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - £ 1,200 l 120

Vote. 13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay, widows’. pensions and other non-effective charges for officers - 100 10

14. For the Royal Hospital, Chelsea; out-pensions, rewards for distinguished service, widows’ pensions, and other non-effective charges for warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, men, &c. - 100 10

15. For civil superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances and gratuities 100 10

Total, Army Services - £ 1,500 150

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

1942.

141

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9.

SCHED. (B). ' Part 9. Air.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, including provision for such number of officers and airmen of the Air Force as His Majesty may deem necessary (exclusive of those serving in India), viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. £ £

1. For the pay, &c., of the air force - 2. For quartering, non-technical stores. IOO 10

supplies and transportation IOO 10

3. For technical and warlike stores - 4. For works, buildings and lands, includ- ing civilian staff and other charges IOO 10

connected therewith ... IOO 10

5. For medical services - IOO 10

6. For educational services - IOO 10

7. For reserve and auxiliary forces - IOO 10

8. For civil aviation - 9. For meteorological and miscellaneous IOO 10

effective services - IOO 10

10. For the Air Ministry - 11. For half-pay, pensions and other non- IOO 10

effective services - IOO 10

Total, Air Services - 1,100 no

142

SCHED. (B). Part io.

Civil. Class I.

Ch. 27. Appropriation 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part id.

CIVIL.—Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz,:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. £ £

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Offices of the House of Lords - A# 68,038 A/ 9,267

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

House of Commons, including a grant in aid to the Kitchen Committee , 490,661 600

3. For expenses in respect of the registration of electors - 30,000

4. For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of His Majesty’s Treasury and Subordinate Depart-

ments, and the salaries and expenses of a Minister of State and of the Minister Resident in West Africa (including a Supplementary sum of £17.390) 801,063 7.257

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council 20,328 2,800

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Lord Privy Seal* - 8,362

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales 37,608 700

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission - 23,355 10,725

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Comptroller and PS Auditor General - 235.860 11,360

10. For making good the deficiency on the Income Account of the Fund for Friendly Societies - 2,968

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Actuary 19.634 750

Carried forward 1.737.877 43.459

1942. Appropriation

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued.

Ch. 27.

143

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

' £ £

Brought forward 1.737.877 43.459

Vote. 12. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Government Chemist 90,692 300

13. For a grant in aid of the Government

Hospitality Fund - 20,000 —

14. For the salaries and expenses of the i I

Import Duties Advisory Committee - 5.907 —

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage (Imperial, Colonial and Foreign), and the expenses of the preparation of medals and badges, dies for postage and other stamps, and His Majesty's seals - 100 793.600

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office - 5.512 22,920

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee - 450.420 —

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments 41.805 625

19. For the salaries of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission 20,080 1,000

20. For making the payment due to the Local Loans Fund in respect of advances in Northern Ireland - 42,000

21. For the salaries and other expenses of Royal Commissions, Committees, and special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand; and the expenses of surplus stores, &c. liquidation - 37.500 1,000

Carried forward 2,451.893 862,904

SCHED. (B). Part 10. Civil. Class I.

144

SCHED. (B) Part io. Civil. Class I.

Ch. 27. Appropriation 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part io—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - Vote. 22. For certain miscellaneous expenses, including certain grants in aid - l 2.451.893 70,049 i 862,904 800

23. For His Majesty’s foreign and other' secret services 100 —

24. For making good the net loss on transactions connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury Chests abroad in the year 1940 43.260

25. For the salaries and expenses of the Tithe Redemption Commission - 100 261,560

26. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland; salaries and expenses of the Scottish Home Department; expenses in respect of private legislation procedure in Scotland; a subsidy for transport services to the Western Highlands and Islands; a grant in lieu of Land Tax; contributions towards the expenses of Probation and of Remand Homes; a grant towards repair of flood damage and grants in connection with physical training and recreation t 232,060 1,055

27. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances 2,888

Total, Civil, Class I - 2,800,350 1,126,319

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

145

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii.

Sched. (B) Part 11.

Civil. Class II.

CIVIL.—Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

i. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and a grant in aid of the Royal Institute of International Affairs -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

1,060,275

15.240

2. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty's Embassies, Missions and Consular Establishments Abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote; certain special grants and payments, including grants in aid; and sundry other services (including a Supplementary sum of

£41.500)

2.931.039

125,350

3. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations and for other expenses in connection therewith, including United Kingdom Representation before the Permanent Court of International Justice -

76,010

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty's Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs -

Carried forward - -

75.525

405

4,142,849

140,995

K

146

SCHED. (B) Paet ii.

Civil. CltUM II.

Ch. 27. Appropriation 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—

Brought forward -

Vote.

5. For sundry Dominion services, including

certain grants in aid, and for expenditure in connection with Ex-service Men in Eire, and for a grant in aid to Eire in respect o! compensation to transferred officers (including a Supplementary sum of £36,500)

6. For the expenses connected with Over-

sea Settlement

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies -

8. For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern

Services under His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants in aid -

8a. For the purchase of a site in connection with the building of a Mosque and Islamic Cultural Centre in London -

9. For the development of the resources

of colonies, protectorates, protected states and mandated territories, and the welfare of their peoples; and for certain salaries and expenses -

10. For the development of the resources of the South African High Commission Territories and the welfare of their peoples - -

Carried forward

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants.

in Aid.

4,142,849

297,862

IOO

270,000

5.595.662

60,000

1,407,000

29,000

11,802,473

f.

140.995

11,090

IOO

3.730

155.915

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

147

SCHEDULE (B).—Part ii—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward 11,802,473 155.9*5

Vote. 11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for India and His Majesty's Secretary of State for Burma, and a grant in aid of military expenditure from Indian Revenues 2,205,417 no,800

12. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United Kingdom and a grant in aid 13.416 1,200

Total, Civil, Class II - £ 14,021,306 267,915

SCHED. (B) Part ii.

Civil. Class II.

148

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (6)

Part 12.

Civil. Class III.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12.

CIVIL.—Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department, subordinate offices, liquidation expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary, contributions towards the expenses of Probation and a grant in aid of the Central Committee for Refugees

2. For the expenses of the maintenance

of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner

and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District; the contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Police; the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary; the cost of special services, and other grants in respect of Police expenditure, including a grant in aid of the Police Federation, and a contribution towards the expenses of the International Criminal Police Commission

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Prison Commissioners and of the Prisons in England and Wales

Carried forward- /

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriation* in Aid.

1.483.450

114,990

14.555

2,030

13.239,7^0

1,573,812

16,411,962

1,010

559.°°°

576.595

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27,

149

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward £ 16,411,962 576.595

Vote. 5. For grants in respect of the expenses of *

the managers of approved schools in England and Wales; the expenses of local authorities in respect of children and young persons committed to their care; and the expenses of the councils of counties and county boroughs in respect of remand homes- - 654.500 20,000

6. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, and a grant in aid; and the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeals Tribunals - - 106 634,048

7. For the salaries and expenses in connection with the County Courts and the Liabilities Adjustment Offices - 433.317 448,885

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry - 60,293 55,oooo

9. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Public Trustee - 15,090 282,625

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officers' Department; the salaries and expenses of the Departments of His Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of His Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; the costs of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency 202,618 38,000

Carried forward- £ 17,777,880 2.055.153

SCHED. (B), Part 12.

Civil.

Class III.

i5o

Ch. 27.

Appropriation 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued.

SCHED. (B), Part 12.

Civil. Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriation! in Aid.

Brought forward Vote. 11. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, for the salaries and expenses of arbitrators, &c., in connection with the acquisition of land, for grants in aid of the expenses of the Law Society and of the Solicitors’ Discipline (Scotland) Committee, and for the expenses of Tribunals established in connection with Defence Compen- I 17,777,880 £ 2,055,153

sation 12. For the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary; the cost of special services, grants in respect of Police expenditure and a grant in aid of the Police Federation 49.°3i 1,400

in Scotland - <• -13. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish prisons, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics, defectives, and inmates of the State Inebriate Reformatory, and the preparation I.337.3I5

of judicial statistics - 14. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools, and of the expenses of Education Authorities in Scotland in respect of children and young i62,479 58,000

persons committed to their care 15. For the salaries and expenses of the 89.750 5,600

office of the Scottish Land Court - 16. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s Department, and other law charges, the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice and of Pensions Appeals 7.778 280

Tribunals in Scotland - 66,758 150,500

Carried forward - - 19,490,991 2,270,933

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

151

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply j Appropriations

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward £ 19,490,991 £ 2,270,933

Vote. 17. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty’s General Register House, Edinburgh 33.878 35.000

18. For the cost of certain Northern Ireland services, including expenditure in connection with ex-service officers and men in Northern Ireland - 7.336 3,200

19. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland, and of the Land Registry of Northern Ireland, as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, and oilier expenses (including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland) - 26,066 26,225

20. For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of Guaranteed Stocks and Bonds issued for the purposes of Irish land purchase 1,222,315 100

Total, Civil, Class III - 20,780,586 1 2.335.458

SC HKD. (B). Part 12.

Civil. Class III.

152

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B). Part 13.

Civil. Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13.

CIVIL.—Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum, including a grant in aid

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

British Museum (Natural History), including a grant in aid

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

London Museum, Lancaster House -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery and of the Tate Gallery, Millbank - -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Maritime Museum, including a grant in aid -

Carried forward - - /

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

57,763,118 5,715,000

169,245 16,069

102,712 1,15°

12,184 50

4,292 —

33.882 124

II,008 —

58,096,441 ogle 5.732.393

1942-

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

153

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward Vote. 8. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid - l 58,096,441 8,976 £ 5,732,393 135

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection - 12,070 100

10. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other grants 367,098 —

11. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities, Colleges, Medical Schools, &c., in Great Britain - 2,149,000

12. For a grant in aid of the British Broadcasting Corporation 10,000,000 —

13. For public education in Scotland, including grants in aid of the Education (Scotland) Fund; for the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh; and for grants to approved associations and other expenses in connection with youth welfare - 8,833.414 788,178

14. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland, the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, and the Museum of Antiquities 13,239 10

15. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid - 2,679 5,oi7

Total, Civil, Class IV - 79,482,917 1 1 6.525.833

SCHED. (B). Part 13.

Civil. Class IV.

154

Sched. (B) Part 14.

CiviL Class V.

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14.

CIVIL.—Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including grants and other expenses in connection with housing, certain grants to local authorities, &c., a grant in aid to the National Radium Trust, grants in aid in respect of national health insurance benefits, &c., certain expenses in connection with widows', orphans' and old age contributory pensions; a grant in aid of the Civil Service Sports Council; and other services

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Control and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental patients

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Registrar-General of Births, &c

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Insurance Audit Department

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies -

6. For Old Age Pensions, pensions to blind

persons, and for certain administrative expenses in connection therewith -

Carried forward /

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

25,902,771 I.394.900

228,495 12,942

249,722 38»930

149,270 4.250

44,060 2,800

51,650,000 16,000

78,224,318 1,469.822

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued.

Ch. 27.

155

1942,

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - Vote. 7. For the sums payable to the Treasury Pensions Account and to the Treasury Special Pensions Account in respect of Widows', Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions - £ 78,224,318 £ 1,469,822

22,525,000

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including sums payable by the Exchequer to the Unemployment Fund, grants to local authorities, associations and other bodies in respect of unemployment insurance, employment exchange and other services; expenses of transfer and resettlement; expenses of training; contribution towards the expenses of the International Labour Organisation (League of Nations); expenses of the Industrial Court; and sundry services - 34,930,000 2,236,000

9. For grants to local authorities, in respect of employment and development schemes, including adjustments of grant in certain cases - 2,200,000

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioner for Special Areas (England and Wales), and the expenses of the Commissioner - 100 750,000

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; sums payable to applicants for assistance, &c.; expenses of training, work centres, &c.; and a grant in aid - 13. For a grant in aid of the Special Areas Fund 8,670,000 900,000 27,000

Carried forward 147.449.4181 4,482,822

SCHED. (B) Part 14.

Civil. Class V.

156

Sched. (B). Part 14.

CiviL Class V.

Ch. 27. Appropriation 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14— .

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward Vote. 13. For financial assistance to new industrial undertakings in the Special and Other Areas £ 147,449,418 100,800 £ 4,482,822

14. For the payment of Supplementary Pensions to certain persons in receipt of Old Age Pensions or Widows’ Pensions 30,460,000 40,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland; including grants and other expenses in connection with housing, certain grants to local authorities, &c., a grant in aid of the Highlands and Islands medical service, grants in aid in respect of national health insurance benefits, &c.; certain expenses in connection with widows’, orphans’ and old age contributory pensions; and other services - 4,566,056 162,500

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Control for Scotland, and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental patients 21,144 400

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar-General of Births, &c., in Scotland 41,326 2.490

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Commissioner for Special Areas (Scotland), and the expenses of the Commissioner - - 100 280,640

Total, Civil, Class V - 182,638,844 4,968,852

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

157

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15. Sched. (B).

Part 15.

Civil.

Class VI.

CIVIL.—Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

1 Supply Appropriations

* Grants. in Aid.

Vote. I. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments - i ■1.484,583 £ 364,086

2. For the salaries and expenses of certain Mercantile Marine services, including the expenses of the Coastguard and the General Register and Record Office of Shipping and Seamen 1,292,614 162,850

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Overseas Trade, including grants in aid of the Imperial Institute and the Travel and Industrial Development Association of Great Britain and Ireland - ‘339.073 2.743

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, and for guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council - 295,733 482,800

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Mines Department of the Board of Trade Il8,000

6. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Commissioners of Crown Lands - 38,099

Carried forward - - £ | 3,568,102 1,012,479

158

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (B) Part 15.

Civil. Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - Vote. 7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including grants, grants in aid and expenses in respect of agricultural education and research, eradication of diseases of animals, and improvement of breeding, &c., of live stock, land settlement, improvement of cultivation, drainage, &c., regulation of agricultural wages, agricultural credits, and marketing; fishery organisation, research and development, control of diseases of fish, &c.; and sundry other services including certain remanet subsidy 3,568,102 1,012479

payments 4.032.552 622,229

8. For the expenses of the survey of Great Britain and of minor services connected therewith - 675.495 45.850

9. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund 625,000 —

10. For a grant in aid of the Road Fund; for the maintenance and reconstruction of Menai Bridge; for payments to local authorities in reimbursement

of expenses incurred in the collection of motor vehicle duties, &c., and the registration of motor vehicles; and for other services - 7,364,500 220,000

11. For the expenses of maintaining Holy-head Harbour and the Caledonian and Crinan Canals, and annuities in respect of Light Railways 29.733 16450

12. For a grant in aid of the Development Fund 611,000 —

Carried forward 16,906,382 1,917,008

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued.

Ch. 27.

159

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward £ 16,906,382 i 1,917,008

Vote. 13. For grants to public utility undertakings

in Great Britain - 505,000 —

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Museum of Practical Geology, and a grant in aid - 678,596 469.327

15. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts, including the salaries of the central office, and the cost of provision and management of licensed premises - 100 1,023,500

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Anglo-Spanish, Anglo-Roumanian, Anglo-Italian and Anglo-Turkish Clearing Offices - 100 33.425

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland, including grants for land improvement, agricultural education, research and marketing, expenses in respect of regulation of agricultural wages, a grant in respect of agricultural credits; certain grants in aid, and remanet subsidy payments 598,201 128,046

18. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish fishery services, and a grant in aid of piers or quays - 31.829 12,898

19. For grants in aid of the general administrative and other expenses of the Herring Industry Board, and grants to herring fishermen for assistance in the provision of new motor-boats - 335 10

Total, Civil, Class VI - £ 18,720,543 3,584,214

SCHED. (B) Part i5.

Civil. Class VI.

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

160

SCHED. (B).

Part 16.

Civil. Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16.

CIVIL.—Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Soma not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. i. For expenditure in respect of art and £ £

science buildings. Great Britain 2. For expenditure in respect of Houses 201,435 10,590

of Parliament buildings -3. For expenditure in respect of labour 64,140 250

and health buildings, Great Britain -4. For expenditure in respect of miscel- 559.665 110,900

laneous legal buildings - 124,050 855

5. For expenditure in respect of Osborne - 6. For the salaries and expenses of the 18,855 780

Ministry of Works and Buildings 6a. For the salaries and expenses of the 1,160,000

Ministry of Works and Planning 4,415,400 1,350,000

7. For expenditure in respect of certain miscellaneous works services, including historic buildings, ancient monuments, Brompton Cemetery, certain housing estates and certain grants in aid (including a Supple-

mentary sum of 2,000) -8. For expenditure in respect of public 170,035 11,285

buildings overseas -9. For expenditure in respect of Royal 90,710 4.790

Palaces, including a grant in aid - 112,165 5.350

Carried forward 6,916,455 1,494,800

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16—continued.

Ch. 27.

161

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward - i 6,916,455 1 1,494,800

Vote. 10. For expenditure in respect of Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and telegraph buildings in Great Britain, certain post offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with boats and launches belonging to the Customs and Excise Department - 1,268,270 22,370

11. For expenditure in respect of Royal

parks and pleasure gardens 220,435 19,150

12. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of British Dominions and of Foreign Powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department, and a grant in aid of the expenses of the London Fire Brigade 4,628,803 53,900

13. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates 3,241,004 1,027,650

14. For constructing a new harbour of

refuge at Peterhead - - 12,000 —

15. For expenditure in respect of public

works and buildings in Ireland - 55,770 2,545

Total, Civil, Class VII - 16,342.737 2,620,415

Sched. (B). Part 16.

Civil. Class VII.

L

162

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17.

Part 17. v

Civil.

Class VIII.

CIVIL.-Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. i. For war pensions and allowances (including cost of treatment) arising out of the war of 1914-18 to merchant seamen and fishermen and their dependants and the administrative £ £

expenses connected therewith -2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, payments in respect of war pensions, gratuities and allowances, sundry contributions 227,508

in respect thereof and other services 3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows and children of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory 36,179,500 13,000

payments 4. For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances and supplementary pensions in respect of civil employment (including a Supplemen- 1,210,000

tary sum of £2,000) - 2,502,000 47.643

Total, Civil, Class VIII - £ 40,119,008 60,643

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

163

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18. Sched. (B).

Part Ji8.

Civil.

CWIX.

CIVIL.—Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Vote. 1. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in England and Wales I 46,018,000 £ 1,103,000

2. For the General Exchequer Contribution and certain other grants to local authorities in Scotland 6,754.859 175,000

Total, Civil, Class IX - £ 52,772,859 1,278,000

164

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19.

Part 19.

Civil.

Class X.

CIVIL.—Class X.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Vote. £ £

I. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries IOO 10

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Aircraft Production 100 10

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Economic Warfare - IOO 10

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food - IOO 10

5. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Health - IOO 10

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Home Security IOO 10

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Information IOO 10

8. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Labour and National

Service IOO 10

9. For the Cost of the war services of the

Mines Department of the Board of

Trade - 10 —

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Petroleum Department of the Board

of Trade 10 —

Carried forward - 820 80

1942- Appropriation

Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19— .

Ch. 27.

165

Sums not exceeding

* Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - Vote. 820 £ 80

ioa. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Fuel and Power IOO 10

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply, including the expenses of the Royal Ordnance Factories 100 10

12. For salaries and expenses in connection with war damage to business goods and to private chattels - IOO 10

13. For the salaries and expenses of the War Damage Commission IOO 10

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of War Transport IOO 10

15A. For the cost of the war services of the Ministry of Works and Planning IOO 10

16. For the cost of the war services of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland - IOO 10

17. For the cost of the war services of the Department of Health for Scotland - IOO 10

18. For the cost of the war services of the Scottish Home Department - IOO 10

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Minister of Production IOO 10

Total, Civil, Class X - 1 1,820 180

SCHED. (B). Part 19.

Civil. Class X.

i66

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Sched. (B) Part 20. Revenue Departments.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

1 £

Vote.

i. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department - 6,371,800 128,200

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department - 12,147,170 144,210

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs

and Telephones - 102,523,000 4,944.893

Total, Revenue Departments 121,041,970 j 5,217.303

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

167

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 21.

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Vote of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, for general Navy, Army and Air services and supplies in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war; for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war 1,000,000,000

Sched. (B).

Part 21. Expenditure arising out of the war. (Vote of Credit.)

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 22.

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred £

during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, for general Navy, Army and Air services and supplies in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war; for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - 1,000,000,000

Sched. (B). Part 22. Expenditure arising out of the war.

(Supplementary

Credit.)

i68

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (C) Part I. Navy Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C).—Part I.

Navy Services, 1940. Votes. Deficits. Surpluses.

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure. Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts. Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts.

£ d- £ 5. d. £ *' d

1. Wages, etc., of Officers 32.352.738 16 7 12,897,167 16 3

and Men of the Royal

Navy and Royal

Marines, and of cer-

tain other personnel

serving with the Fleet.

' 2. Victualling and Clothing 28,460,258 6 7 — 3,644,689 19 6

for the Navy.

3. Medical Establishments • 1,624,282 11 8 — 43,818 18 3

and Services.

4. Civilians employed on 2,611,647 7 - — 2,198 8 10

Fleet Services.

5. Educational Services ... 293.255 6 5 — 67,766 1 3

6. Scientific Services 1,440,281 17 2 — 91,865 1 4

7. Royal Naval Reserves... 53.96o 15 8 — 68 - 2

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs,

Maintenance, etc.

Section I.—Personnel...

Section II.—Materiel...

Section III. — Contract

Work. <• 292,291,306 12 11 — 6,672,863 12 5

9. Naval Armaments

10. Works, Buildings and

Repairs at Home and

Abroad.

16. Merchant Shipbuilding

11. Miscellaneous Effective 10.756,389 i° 3 — 181,236 13 1

Services.

12. Admiralty Office 3,136,382 16 11 — 8.544 3 8

13. Non-effective Services 2,025,436 2 7 — 8,585 3 4

(Naval and Marine)—

Officers.

14. Non-effective Services 5.689,516 11 10 — 61,039 - 11

(Naval and Marine)—

Men.

15. Civil Superannuation, 1,259.002 6 4 — 15 15 1

Allowances and Gra-

tuities.

Balances Irrecoverable and 51,632 9 8 — -

Claims Abandoned.

382,046,091 11 7 112,897,16716 3

' V > Total Surpluses

Total Deficits /10,782,69c 17s. lod.

394,943,259 7s. 10 % J

Net Deficit met from Vote of Credit /384,160,56s 10s. -4.

1942.

Appropriation

Act, 1942. Ch. 27.

169

I

SCHEDULE (C).—Part II.

SCHED. (C) Part II.

Army

Services.

Section 5.

Army Services, 1940, Votes. Deficits. Surpluses.

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure. Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts. Surpluses of Actual as compared with estimated Receipts.

£ s. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1. Pay, &c., of the Army 175.759.920 14 11 19,693,016 16 4

2. Territorial Army and 4,2^4.149 3 1 — 59,516 1 6

Reserve Forces.

3. Medical Services 11,173,084 11 7 — 85.434 10 2

4. Educational Establish- 1.683,191 7 1 — 6,986 2 7

ments.

5. Quartering and Move- 34,971,605 3 - — 356,878 18 2

ments.

6. Supplies, Road Trans- 88,214,234 6 9 — 1.477.721 12 5

port and Remounts.

7. Clothing 2,659,571 - 11 — 2,318,742 10 6

8. General Stores 13,462,128 9 - -— 1,156,267 11 9

9. Warlike Stores 5,262,789 13 6 — 6.653,392 2 2

10. Works, Buildings and 81,498,108 1 6 — 401,075 6 7

Lands.

11. Miscellaneous Effective 14.798,503 2 8 — 98,738 1 -

Services.

12. War Office 2,061,877 13 *6 — 5.159 2 9

13. Half-pay, Retired Pay 3,242,229 6 - — 696,299 11 8

and other Non-effec-

tive Charges for Offi-

cers.

14. Pensions and other 5,067,144 5 10 — 724,364 18 6

Non-effective Charges

for Warrant officers. 1

Non-commissioned 1 1

Officers, men and

others.

15 Civil Superannuation, 272,613 18 4 — 186 5 7

Compensation and

Gratuities.

Balances Irrecoverable 612,633 12 11 — —

and Claims Aban-

doned.

444.993.784 10 7 I 19,693,01616 4 j

Total Deficits Total Surpluses

£464,686,801 65. nd. £14,040,762 15s. 4

Net Deficit met from Vote of Credit £450,646,038 ns. 7

70

Ch. 27.

Appropriation

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

SCHED. (C). Part III. Air

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C).—Part III.

Deficits. Surpluses.

Air Services, 1940, Votes. Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure. Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts. Surpluses of Actual as compared with estimated Receipts.

£ s. d. £ s. £ s. d.

1. Pay, &c., of the Air 45,260,207 5 11 14.901.974 2 4

Force.

2. Quartering, Non-Tech- 43,230,162 *7 11 — 362,320 9 9

nical Stores, Supplies and Transportation. 78,419,332

3. Technical and Warlike 1 8 — 13,112,052 19 3

Stores.

4* Works, Buildings and 78,564,869 5 10 — 627,641 17 9

Lands.

5- Medical Services 861,809 12 11 — 17.144 18 1

6. Educational Services... 279,846 9 2 — 3,536 6 10

7- Reserve and Auxiliary 23,544 4 2 — 1,664 3 3

Forces. 8

8. Civil Aviation 4,041,979 9 4 — 257.833 -

9- Meteorological and Mis- 14,003,228 - — 79.141 12 8

cellaneous Effective Services.

10. 11. Air Ministry Half-pay, Pensions and 2,771,620 589,884 9 9 1 1,783 44.436 10 12 1 4

other Non-effective Services.

Balances Irrecoverable 22,026 2 11 — —

and Claims Abandoned.

269,068,510 V 7 11 14,901,974 2 4

Total Deficits Total Surpluses

£283,970,484 1 os. 3 £14.507.555 ios. 8d.

Net Deficit met from Vote of Credit IT } £269,462,928 19s. 7

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

171

CHAPTER 28.

War Damage (Amendment) , 1942. ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS.

Section.

1. Extension of risk period.

2. Amendment of the principal Act.

3. Punishment for giving false information.

4. Postponement of laying before Parliament of statements of payments

and receipts, &c.

5. Payments otherwise than under policies in respect of goods insurable

under commodity insurance scheme.

6. Authorisation of increase in payments out of moneys provided by

Parliament, and in sums to be paid into the Exchequer.

7. Short title, construction, citation and extent.

Schedules :

First Schedule.—Amendments relating to the principal Act generally.

Second Schedule.—Amendments as to ultimate incidence of contributions under Part I of the principal Act.

Third Schedule.—Amendments in Part II (Goods).

Fourth Schedule.—Consequential Amendments.

An Act to amend the War Damage Act, 1941, and Part II and section sixteen of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939.

[6th August 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) The risk period referred to in the War Damage Act, Extension of 1941 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act ") is hereby risk period, extended, for all the purposes of that Act, so as to continue until 4 & 5 Geo. 6. the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-two, c*12-and thereafter until it is terminated by an order made by the Treasury and approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament, and the War Damage (Extension of Risk Period) 4*5 Geo. 6. Act, 1941, is hereby repealed. c. 37.

(2) References to the risk period in regulations made by the Treasury under the principal Act shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be construed as references to that period as extended by the preceding subsection, as well in the case of regulations made before the passing of this Act as in the case of regulations made thereafter.

172

Ch. 28.

Amendment of the principal Act.

Punishment for giving false information.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 57.

War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

(3) Section thirty-one of the principal Act (which provides, in relation to instalments of contribution falling due in the year nineteen hundred and forty-one, for determining questions as to contributions depending on the circumstances obtaining during the risk period as if the risk period had ended with the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-one) shall apply in relation to the instalments of contribution falling due, whether before or after the passing of this Act, in any year in which the relevant date falls .within the risk period, as if for the words "in the year nineteen hundred and forty-one," there were substituted the words "in any year " and for the words "the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-one " there were substituted the words "the relevant date in that year."

2. —(1) The principal Act shall be amended by the modifications and additions specified in—

(a) the First Schedule to this Act, relating to the provisions of

the principal Act generally;

(b) the Second Schedule thereto, relating to the provisions of

the principal Act as to the ultimate incidence of contributions under Part I as between mortgagors and mortgagees and as between landlords and tenants.; and

(c) the Third Schedule thereto, relating to the provisions of Part II of the principal Act;

and there shall be made therein the consequential amendments specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

(2) The principal Act shall have effect as if it had been originally enacted with the amendments aforesaid (except as expressly provided in sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 7, and sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 27, of the said First Schedule), and regulations of the Treasury under section sixty-eight of the principal Act regulating payments under that section the making of which is authorised in the said Third Schedule may be made so as to have effect as from such date (whether before or after the passing of this Act) as may be specified in the regulations.

3. —(1) If any person, for the purpose of obtaining for himself or any other person any payment in respect of war damage under the principal Act, or under a policy issued under either of the schemes operated under Part II thereof, or in respect of damage arising from King's enemy risks under Part II of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, or under a policy issued in pursuance of the commodity insurance scheme,—

(a) furnishes any information which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly furnishes any information which is false in a material particular; or

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

173

(6) with intent to deceive produces, furnishes, sends or otherwise makes use of any book, account or other document, which is false in a material particular; or

(c) with intent to deceive withholds any material information,

he shall be guilty of an offence and, unless indicted therefor, liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and such imprisonment.

(2) Any proceedings under the Summary Jurisdiction Acts in respect of an offence against this section, or against subsection (6) of section thirty-six, subsection (3) of section fifty-seven, or subsection (4) of section sixty-three, of the principal Act, or against subsection (3) of section eleven A of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, may be commenced at any time before the expiration of six months after the first discovery of the offence by the authority concerned.

In the application of this subsection to Northern Ireland, for any reference to the Summary Jurisdiction Acts there shall be substituted a reference to the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act amending that Act.

4. — (1) If the Treasury certify that in the interests of the defence of the realm or the efficient prosecution of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged it is inexpedient that copies of the statements for any year prepared under section seventy of the principal Act (which provides for the preparation of annual statements of payments and receipts under Part II of the principal Act and for the laying of copies thereof before Parliament) should be laid before Parliament, those copies shall not, so long as the certificate remains in force, be so laid.

(2) At the end of subsection (4) of section sixteen of the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939 (which subsection provides for the preparation by the Board of Trade of accounts of sums received into and paid out of the war risks (marine) insurance fund and the war risks (commodities) insurance fund, for the examination and certification of the accounts by the Comptroller and Auditor General and for the laying of copies of the accounts together with copies of his reports thereon before Parliament) there shall be added the following proviso:—

" Provided that if the Treasury certify that in the interests of the defence of the realm or the efficient prosecution of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged it is inexpedient that copies of either of the accounts for any year and of the report thereon should be laid before Parliament, those copies shall not, so long as the certificate remains in force, be so laid ";

14 & 15 Vict.

c. 93.

Postponement of laying before Parliament of statements of payments and receipts, Ac.

174

Ch. 28.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Payments otherwise than under policies in respect of goods insurable under commodity insurance scheme.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

Authorisation of increase in payments out of moneys provided by Parliament, and in sums to be paid into the Exchequer.

and the Defence (War Risks Insurance) Regulations, 1942, shall cease to have effect, but without prejudice to any certificate issued by the Treasury under those Regulations in force immediately before the passing of this Act, which shall continue in force as if issued under the said proviso.

5. —(1) The War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if after section nine thereof there were inserted the following section:—

" 9A. — (1) The Board of Trade, acting in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury, may, where it appears expedient to the Board so to do to avoid undue hardship, make out of the war risks (commodities) insurance fund, otherwise than under a policy issued in pursuance of the commodity insurance scheme, payments to a person in respect of loss or damage occurring by King’s enemy risks to goods owned by him—

(a) which were, at the time when the loss or damage

occurred, insurable under the commodity insurance scheme; and

(b) as respects which he was at that time exempted,

by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1) or to subsection (iA), or by virtue of subsection (iC), of section nine of this Act, from the obligation to be insured in respect of the goods under that scheme.

(2) The provisions of subsection (3) of section fourteen of this Act relating to the laying before Parliament of certain orders of the Board of Trade shall apply to any regulations made by the Treasury under this section; but notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, such regulations shall be deemed not to be, or to contain, statutory rules to which that section applies."

(2) Regulations of the Treasury made by virtue of this section may be made so as to have effect as from such date, whether before or after the passing of this Act, as may be specified in the regulations.

6. Any increase attributable to the extension by this Act of the risk period, or to any amendment by this Act of the principal Act, in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under section fifty-four, fifty-five or ninety-one of the principal Act shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided, and any additional sums received by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or the Board of Trade by reason of such extension or of any such amendment shall be paid into the Exchequer.

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

175

7. — (1) This Act may be cited as the War Damage (Amendment) Act, 1942.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act, and references in this Act and in that Act to Part I of that Act shall include references to provisions of this Act which relate to payments in respect of war damage to land or to the recovery or the ultimate incidence of instalments of contributions; and this Act may be cited together with that Act as the War Damage Acts, 1941 and 1942.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment (including the principal Act) shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment (including this Act).

(4) References in the Schedules to this Act to a section or Schedule by number without more shall be construed as references to that section of or Schedule to the principal Act.

(5) So much of this Act as relates to the War Risks Insurance Act, 1939, shall extend to the Isle of Man, but with the substitution for the reference in subsection (2) of section three to the Summary Jurisdiction Acts of a reference to the Petty Sessions and Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Amendments relating to the Principal Act generally.

1. Bringing into account of scrap value of articles provided for temporary works.

The amount of a payment of cost of works or value payment shall be reduced by an amount equal to any value as materials of articles provided for the purpose of works the proper cost of which has been or is to be included in a temporary works payment, and which, in the case of a payment of cost of works, become available as materials on the execution of subsequent works, such value being ascertained in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury.

Short title, construction, citation and extent.

Section 2.

Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo.

Act, 1942.

2. Valuation of licensed premises.

(1) Where war damage is sustained by premises in respect of which a justices' licence within the meaning of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, was in force before the occurrence of the damage, any determination required for the purposes of the principal Act relating to the value of the premises or of any interest therein shall be made on the assumption that the validity of the licence, and the prospect of renewal thereof, were, and would remain, unaffected by the damage or by any circumstances connected therewith or any consequence thereof.

(2) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for any reference to a justices’ licence within the meaning of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, there shall be substituted a reference to a certificate

3 Edw. 7. c. 25. defined in Part VII of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903.

(3) In the application of this paragraph to Northern Ireland, for any reference to a justices' licence within the meaning of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, there shall be substituted a reference to the certificate required to enable a person to obtain the grant transfer or renewal of, and to hold, any excise licence for the sale of any intoxicating liquor.

3. Amendments as to valuation of a hereditament for calculating amount

of value payment.

(1) In subsection (5) of section three (which specifies, amongst other things, the matters subject to which a sale of a hereditament in the open market is to be assumed, for the purposes of the valuation of the hereditament, to be made), for the words from " any restriction or liability imposed by or under an enactment" to " other incumbrance " there shall be substituted the words "any restriction imposed by or under an enactment passed before the passing of this Act, to which the hereditament was subject at that time, but free from any other incumbrance and without regard to any liability of the hereditament to become subject after that time to any restriction by virtue of any enactment".

(2) In the proviso to subsection (5) of section three (which empowers the Treasury to make regulations as to the valuation of certain hereditaments otherwise than by reference to value on a sale in the open market) the words "or having a value which could not be fully realised on such a sale " shall be omitted.

4. Amendments as to determination between cost of works or value pay-

ment for damage to developed hereditament.

(1) In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section four (which defines damage involving total loss as meaning damage " such that the making good thereof would be likely to require works costing more than " the difference between the value which the hereditament would have after the execution of the works and the value which the hereditament would have as a site) for the words "such that the making good thereof would be likely to require works costing more than " there shall be substituted the words "such that the proper cost of the works required for reinstating the hereditament in the form in which it existed immediately before the occurrence of the damage would be likely to be more than

176

1ST Sch. —cont.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5. c. 24.

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

177

(2) For the purposes of the said paragraph (a), the value which a ist Sch.

hereditament would be likely to have shall be taken to be the amount —coni.

which the fee simple therein might be expected to realise on a sale thereof made in the open market, with vacant possession, subject to any right or restriction such as is mentioned in subsection (5) of section three to which the hereditament was subject immediately after the occurrence of the damage, but free from any other incumbrance and without regard to any liability of the hereditament to become subject after that time to any restriction by virtue of any enactment:

Provided that, in the case of hereditaments of a kind for the valuation of which provision is made by regulations made under the proviso to the said subsection (5), such value shall be ascertained by reference to such matters as may be specified in regulations made as therein mentioned.

5. Payments to owners of rentcharges.

(1) Where a value payment is to be made in respect of war damage to a hereditament and at the date by reference to which the disposal of the payment is to be regulated (in this paragraph referred to as " the material date ") there was subsisting a rentcharge created out of a proprietary interest (being either the fee simple or a tenancy granted for a term of a hundred years or more) in any land in the hereditament, or in any such land together with other land, a right to receive a share of the value payment shall vest in the person who was the owner of the rentcharge at that date, if he shows that the following conditions are satisfied, namely—

(a) that the amount of the rentcharge so far as attributable to .

land in the hereditament then subject thereto (in this paragraph referred to as " the charged land in the hereditament ") exceeded the available annual value of that land as depreciated by the war damage; and

(b) that at the time when the question whether this condition is

satisfied falls to be determined no building sufficient to make good the excess has been carried out, or, having regard to all the circumstances (including any undertaking required under paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section seven), is likely to be carried out within a reasonable period after the time when the discharge of the value payment becomes permissible.

(2) If the said right is exercised—

(a) the amount of the share of the owner of the rentcharge shall be an amount equal to the capital equivalent of the excess mentioned in the preceding sub-paragraph, so however that if the amount of the rentcharge so far as attributable to the charged land in the hereditament was greater by any sum than the available annual value of that land apart from any war damage the amount of the share shall be computed as if the said excess had been reduced by that sum; and

(/>) so much of the rentcharge as is equal to the said excess shall be extinguished on the date on which the share is paid, and, as between the persons interested in the charged land in the hereditament on the one hand and in any other land

M

178 Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

subject to the rentcharge on the other hand, the proper share of the persons interested in the charged land in the hereditament of the liability for the residue of the rentcharge in respect of any period after the extinguishment shall be treated as being an amount per annum equal to the available annual value of the charged land in the hereditament as depreciated by the war damage.

(3) Any question as to whether the conditions mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph are satisfied, or as to the amount of the said excess or of the share of tho owner of a rentcharge, shall be determined by agreement between the owner thereof and of the proprietary interest out of which the rentcharge was created in the charged land in the hereditament, together with any mortgagee of either of those interests, or, in default of agreement, by reference to a referee as provided by subsection (5) of section nine.

(4) Where the said right is exercised, effect shall be given thereto out of so much of the value payment as is payable in respect of the proprietary interest out of which the rentcharge was created in the charged land in the hereditament, and—

(a) if apart from this provision any of the value payment would be payable under subsection (4) of section nine to a mortgagee of that proprietary interest, then, if the mortgage had priority to the rentcharge, it shall be payable to him and effect shall be given to the said right out of any sums to which the owner of that proprietary interest would otherwise have been entitled under the provisions of that subsection as to mortgagees accounting, or, if the rentcharge had priority to the mortgage, the sum payable to the mortgagee shall be reduced by the amount required for giving effect to the said right;

(b) if the rentcharge was itself subject to a mortgage at the material date, subsection (4) of section nine shall have effect in relation to the disposal of the share to be paid in respect of the rentcharge as it has effect in relation to so much of a value payment as is payable in respect of a mortgaged proprietary interest, with the substitution for references therein to such an interest of references to the rentcharge;

(c) subsections (2) and (4) of section nine, and sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 8 of this Schedule, shall have effect subject to the provisions of this paragraph.

(5) Regulations may be made under section ten (which confers power to make regulations as to claims for payments) as to the exercise of the said right and the manner in which effect is to be given to the said right where exercised, and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the power conferred by this sub-paragraph, regulations so made may make provision as to the matters aforesaid in cases in which the charged land in a hereditament is a part only thereof, or was in divided ownership at the material date, or in which a proprietary interest or rentcharge was subject to a mortgage at that date.

1ST Sch. —cont.

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

179

(6) As regards cases in which the title to a rentcharge, or to land subject thereto, is registered under the Land Registration Act, 1925, such provision may, without prejudice to the generality of section one hundred and forty-four of that Act, be made by rules under that section as may be expedient in consequence of the provisions of this paragraph, and in particular for securing (by the imposition of conditions as to the exercise of the said right or otherwise) that the extinguishment of any of a rentcharge by virtue of this paragraph shall not take effect without notice thereof being entered on the register.

(7) In this Act the expression "rentcharge" means a rentcharge (including a fee farm rent) subsisting at law or capable of subsisting at law, and not being an interest or charge arising under a settlement within the meaning of the Settled Land Act, 1925, and means, where an apportionment of a rentcharge binding on the owner thereof has been made, each of the apportioned parts and not the entire rentcharge.

(8) For the purposes of this paragraph, the " capital equivalent " of the excess referred to in head (a) of sub-paragraph (1) shall be taken to be that excess multiplied by the number of years purchase which the rentcharge might have been expected to realise on a sale thereof in the open market on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, if it had been subsisting on that day with the like incidents in all respects as it had at the material date, and the hereditament had been in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage thereto, and the annual value of any land outside the hereditament subject to the rentcharge had been its annual value apart from any war damage.

(9) For the purposes of this paragraph, the " annual value of the charged land in the hereditament as depreciated by the war damage " shall—

(a) if that land is coterminous with the hereditament, be taken

to be five per cent, of the value of the hereditament after the occurrence of the damage as ascertained for the purpose of determining the amount of the value payment;

(b) if that land is a part only of the hereditament, be determined

by apportioning an appropriate part of the said percentage of the said value to that land.

(10) For the purposes of this paragraph, the " annual value apart from any war damage " of any land shall, if that land was coterminous with land which constituted a contributory property or two or more contributory properties for the purposes of the instalments of contribution for the year in which the war damage to the hereditament Occurred (or, if it occurred before the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and forty-one, for that year), be taken to be the contributory value or the sum of the contributory values of the property or properties lor that year, and, if it was not, shall be determined by valuation made by reference—

(a) primarily to the contributory value for that year of any such contributory property or properties as aforesaid which that land comprised or of which it formed part; and

1ST SCH.

—cont.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 21.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 18.

Ch. 28.

180

War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

(b) subject as aforesaid, to the rent at which that land or any part thereof might have been expected to let from year to year on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, if it had been on that day in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage to the hereditament, or, in the case of land outside the hereditament which had then also sustained war damage, immediately before the occurrence of that damage, and the tenant undertook to pay the usual tenant’s rates and taxes and the landlord undertook to bear the costs of the repairs and insurance and other expenses, if any, necessary to maintain the land in a state to command that rent.

(n) For the purposes of this paragraph, the " available annual value " of the charged land in the hereditament as depreciated by the war damage, or apart from any war damage, shall be taken to be the annual value thereof as so depreciated, or apart from any war damage, as the case may be, less the amount, so far as attributable to any of the charged land in the hereditament, of—

(a) any rentcharge having priority to the rentcharge in question to which the fee simple in that land was subject at the material date, or, where that rentcharge was created out of a tenancy of that land, to which either the fee simple therein or that tenancy or any superior tenancy thereof was subject at that date; and

(b) where that rentcharge was created out of a tenancy of that land,

the rent reserved by the lease for the year in which that date fell.

1ST SCH. —coni.

(12) For the purposes of this paragraph, the "amount attributable" to any land of a rentcharge, or of rent reserved by a lease, shall, where at the material date that land was the only land subject to the rentcharge, or out of which the rent issued, be taken to be the whole amount of the rentcharge payable, or of the rent reserved, for the year in which that date fell, and, where it was not, shall be determined by apportioning or allocating to that land so much (if any) of that whole amount as may be appropriate, having regard—

(a) primarily, to any apportionment or allocation of that rent-

charge or rent which may have been made otherwise than so as to be binding on the owner of that rentcharge or on the landlord, as the case may be, before the occurrence of any war damage to any of the land subject to that rent-charge or rent; and

(b) subject as aforesaid, to the proportion borne by the annual

value apart from any war damage of that land to the annual value apart from any war damage of the other land subject to that rentcharge or rent.

(13) In the application of this paragraph to Northern Ireland, there shall be substituted for the reference to the Settled Land Act, 1925, a reference to the Settled Land Acts, 1882 to 1890, and, as regards

1942. War Damage (Amendment) Ch. 28.

Act, 1942.

cases in which land in Northern Ireland is subject to a rentcharge, the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland may by rules make such provision as may be expedient for securing (by the imposition of conditions as to the exercise of the said right or otherwise) that the extinguishment of any of a rentcharge by virtue of this paragraph shall not take effect without notice thereof being registered in the proper office for the registration of deeds or titles, as the case may require.

6. Payments to superiors and creditors in ground annuals.

(1) The last preceding paragraph shall extend to Scotland subject to the modifications specified in the following provisions of this paragraph.

(2) For any reference to a rentcharge created out of the fee simple in any land there shall be substituted a reference to a feuduty or ground annual payable by the owner of the fee simple in such land; references to the owner of a rentcharge shall be construed accordingly; and references to a rentcharge created out of a tenancy shall not apply.

(3) The right conferred by sub-paragraph (1) on a superior or the creditor in a ground annual to receive a share of a value payment shall not be exercisable until—

(a) in the case where the feuduty or ground annual is payable in

respect of the charged land in the hereditament and also of other land, the part of such feuduty or ground annual attributable to the charged land in the hereditament has been allocated thereon; and

(b) the feuduty or ground annual or the part thereof so allocated,

as the case may be, in so far as it exceeds the annual value of the charged land in the hereditament as depreciated by the war damage, has been discharged.

(4) Where for the purposes of this paragraph a feuduty or a ground annual is required to be allocated or a feuduty or a ground annual or a part thereof so allocated is required to be discharged, the superior or the creditor in the ground annual shall execute and record in the appropriate register of sasines—

(a) a memorandum specifying the sum to be allocated and

describing particularly or by reference the land on which it is to be allocated; or, as the case may be,

(b) a discharge of the feuduty or ground annual or part specifying the extent to which the same is discharged and describing particularly or by reference the land so disburdened;

and any such allocation or discharge shall be binding on all having interest.

181

1ST SCH.

—cont.

Ch. 28.

War Damage ( )5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

7. Form of payment where making good is wholly or partly abandoned or hereditament is compulsorily acquired.

(1) Where the appropriate payment for war damage to a hereditament would apart from this provision be a payment of cost of works, if the Commission are satisfied that it is the wish of all the owners of proprietary interests for the time being subsisting in the hereditament and of rentcharges (if any) to which it is subject and of any mortgagee of any such interest, or of any of the persons aforesaid whose wish ought in the opinion of the Commission to prevail, that the damage or any part of it should not be made good, or if they are satisfied that the circumstances are such that the damage or any part of it will not in fact be made good, they may, notwithstanding any previous determination of the kind of payment to be made in respect of the damage to the hereditament, make a payment or payments in respect thereof as follows and of such amounts respectively, not exceeding the following, as they may think fit, that is to say—

(a) in respect of the damage so far as made good, a payment of

cost of works of an amount equal to so much of the proper cost of the works executed for the making good thereof as falls within the permissible amount mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section three;

(b) in respect of the damage so far as not made good, a value

payment of an amount computed in other respects as provided by section three but, in a case in which any works the subject of a payment under this paragraph have been executed, as if all those works could have been and had been executed immediately after the occurrence of the damage and the depreciation in the value of the hereditament had fallen to be ascertained by reference, as regards the state of the hereditament after the damage, to its state immediately after the execution thereof.

(2) Where the appropriate payment for war damage to a hereditament would apart from this provision be a payment of cost of works, if land constituting or forming part of the hereditament, or an interest in such land, is acquired compulsorily by virtue of any enactment, whether passed before or after the passing of the principal Act or of this Act, or is acquired by agreement by a person authorised by virtue of any such enactment to acquire it compulsorily, then, notwithstanding any previous determination of the kind of payment to be made in respect of the damage to the hereditament,—

(a) the Commission shall make a payment or payments in respect

thereof as follows, that is to say, in respect of the damage so far as made good before the date of the acquisition, a payment of cost of works, and, in respect of the damage so far as not made good before that date, a value payment, of the amounts respectively mentioned in heads (a) and (b) of the preceding sub-paragraph; but

(b) no payment of costs of works shall be made by reference to

the cost of any works executed on or after the date of the acquisition, and compensation for the acquisition shall be determined accordingly.

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

183

In relation to any such acquisition as aforesaid references to the date of the acquisition shall be construed as references to the earliest date after the occurrence of the damage on which any such action as the following is taken, namely, the service of a notice to treat for the acquisition of or of an interest in land constituting or forming part of the hereditament, the taking of any other action by virtue of which the acquisition of or of an interest in such land becomes obligatory, or the making of an agreement for the acquisition of or of an interest in such land without any such notice having been served or any other such action having been taken.

(3) The principal Act shall have effect as if the preceding provisions of this paragraph had been inserted in subsection (2) of section four in substitution for paragraph (a) of that subsection, and section sixteen shall be omitted:

Provided that section sixteen shall have effect, to the exclusion of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph, in a case in which a notice to treat for such a compulsory acquisition as is mentioned in section sixteen has been served, or such an acquisition has otherwise become obligatory, before the passing of this Act.

(4) The power to make a payment of cost of works in respect of war damage to a hereditament in respect of which a value payment would otherwise be appropriate conferred on the Commission by paragraph (6) of subsection (2) of section four (which relates to works appearing to them to be expedient having regard to their effect on the value of another hereditament), and by paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section seven (which relates to works executed in the public interest), shall extend to the making in respect of the damage of payments as specified in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, limited as respects head (a) thereof to such works as aforesaid.

(5) Where a value payment is made under this paragraph, subsection (3) of section nine shall have effect in relation thereto as if the depreciation in the value of each interest in the hereditament had fallen to be ascertained, as regards the state of the hereditament after the damage, as provided by head (6) of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in relation to the ascertainment of the depreciation in the value of the hereditament.

(6) Where both a payment of cost of works and a value payment are made under this paragraph, subsection (6) of section three and paragraph 1 of this Schedule (which relate to the reduction of payments by reference to the value of articles becoming available as materials) shall not have effect in relation to both payments to the full extent, but the appropriate reduction in respect of the value of any articles shall be made in one or other of the payments or partly in one and partly in the other as the Commission may determine.

(7) Section thirty-three (which relates to the deduction of contribution from a value payment) shall not have effect in relation to a value payment to be made under this paragraph.

1ST Sch. —cent.

184 Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

ist Sch. 8. Disposal of value payment substituted for payment of cost of works in —coni. favour of persons who would have benefited from payment of cost

of works.

(1) Where a value payment is made by the Commission in exercise of the power conferred on them by sub-paragraph (1) of the last preceding paragraph, or by virtue of sub-paragraph (2) thereof, or in exercise of the power conferred on them by subsection (2) of section seven, in respect of war damage in respect of which a payment of cost of works would have been payable if the nature of the payment had fallen to be determined under subsection (1) of section four apart from any other provision, the following provisions of this paragraph shall have effect.

(2) The disposal of the payment shall be regulated by reference to the title to the hereditament at the date of the determination of the Commission to exercise that power, or at the date of the acquisition, as the case may be (in this paragraph referred to as " the material date "), and accordingly the payment and the interest thereon shall be paid—

(a) if no proprietary interest other than the fee simple was subsisting

in the hereditament or in any part thereof on the material date, to the person who was then the owner of the fee simple therein; or

(b) in any other case, to the persons who were on the material date

the owners of the several proprietary interests then subsisting in the hereditament, or in any part thereof, which were depreciated in value by reason of the war damage, in shares proportionate to the amount of the depreciation in value to which they were respectively subject by reason thereof.

(3) For the purposes of the last preceding sub-paragraph, the depreciation in value to which an interest was subject by reason of war damage shall be taken to be the difference between—

(a) the amount that an interest similar to that interest, sub-

sisting in the hereditament on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, with the like incidents (subject, so far as relevant, to the specified exceptions) as that interest had immediately before the material date, might have been expected to realise on a sale thereof in the open market on the said thirty-first day of March if the hereditament had been on that day in the state in which it was immediately before the occurrence of the damage; and

(b) the amount that an interest so subsisting might have been

expected to realise on such a sale if the hereditament had been on that day in the state by reference to which, as regards its state after damage, the depreciation in the value of the hereditament is ascertained for the purpose of computing the amount of the value payment in question;

and those amounts respectively shall be determined as provided by subsection (5) of section nine in relation to the determination of the value of a proprietary interest in a hereditament.

1942. War Damage (Amendment) Ch. 28.

Act, 1942.

The. specified exceptions referred to in this sub-paragraph are the following, that is to say,—

(i) each of the said amounts shall be determined without regard

to the fact of the interest’s being subject to any mortgage or floating charge or to any rentcharge;

(ii) each of the said amounts shall be determined without regard

to the fact of the interest's being affected by any restriction imposed on the hereditament by or under an enactment passed after the passing of the principal Act or by any liability of the hereditament to become subject to any restriction by virtue of any enactment;

(iii) the said amount referred to in head (a) shall be determined without regard to incidents arising under the provisions of the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Acts, 1939 and 1941;

(iv) the said amount referred to in head (6) shall be determined, as respects incidents so arising, by reference to the incidents so arising which in fact attach to the interest whether before or after the material date, except that, where a conditional notice of retention has been served and the interests both of the landlord and of the tenant are acquired as mentioned in sub-paragraph (2) of the last preceding paragraph, that amount shall be determined as if the notice had not been conditional.

(4) The principal Act shall have effect as if the provisions of the two last preceding sub-paragraphs had been inserted in section nine after subsection (3) thereof, and those provisions shall accordingly have effect subject to the provisions of subsection (4) thereof.

(5) If any person makes application to the Commission in that behalf and shows that, having regard to any agreement made during the period between the occurrence of the damage and the passing of this Act as to the disposal of any payment which might be made in respect of the damage, or to any transaction or disposition entered into or made, or contained in a will or codicil executed, during that period on the assumption that a particular kind of payment would be made in respect of the damage or that any payment to be made in respect thereof would be disposed of in a particular way, or to any other circumstances occurring during that period, the disposal of the payment in accordance with the preceding provisions of this paragraph would involve .serious injustice to him, the Commission may dispose of the whole or any part of the payment or of any share thereof as if subsection (2) of section nine had had effect in relation thereto or otherwise as may appear to them to be just and equitable in all the circumstances.

The Commission may make orders as to the costs of the parties on applications under this sub-paragraph and as to the parties by whom such costs are to be paid, and may tax or settle the amount of the costs to be paid under any such order or direct in what manner they are to be taxed, and any such order may be enforced in like mannerjas an order of a referee as to costs made under the Second Schedule.

185

1ST SCH.

—cont.

i86

Ch. 28.

1ST SCH.

—cont.

War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

(6) In relation to a value payment made as mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph section forty-six (which relates to the mode of disposal of a value payment or of a share of such a payment in certain circumstances) shall have effect subject to the following modifications, that is to say—

(a) for the references in subsections (1) and (4) to the occurrence of war dajnage there shall be substituted references to the material date; and

(b) in subsection (2) the reference to a testamentary disposition executed before the occurrence of the war damage shall include a reference to such a disposition executed before the material date.

9. Power to modify notice under s. 7 (2) requiring Commission to be

informed of proposed works.

Where a notice has been published by the Commission under subsection (2) of section seven imposing an obligation to inform the Commission of proposals to execute works, the Commission may by a subsequent notice so published release that obligation either as regards the whole or as regards a part of the area or class of hereditaments or class of works, as the case may be, specified in the earlier notice.

10. Amendment of s. 9 (3) as to valuation of a proprietary interest

free from certain charges.

In subsection (3) of section nine (which provides for the valuation of a proprietary interest as if free from any charge or lien for securing money or money's worth), for the words "charge or lien for securing money or money’s worth" there shall be substituted the words "mortgage or floating charge or to any rent charge."

11. Amendment of s. 9 (4).

(1) In subsection (4) of section nine (which provides for the disposal of so much of a value payment as is attributable to a proprietary interest which was subject to a mortgage, and is expressed to have effect where the mortgage is subsisting at the time when the payment is discharged and in the absence of agreement between the mortgagee and the person entitled subject to the mortgage) the words from " and the mortgage is subsisting " to " subject to the mortgage " shall be omitted, and in lieu thereof the following proviso shall be inserted at the end of the said subsection, that is to say—

" Provided that—

(a) if at the time when the payment is made the debt secured by

a mortgage (other than any part thereof representing costs for which the mortgagee would not be entitled to credit) has been paid in full, the payment or share shall be disposed of as if the proprietary interest had not been subject to that mortgage;

(b) if the proprietary interest was subject to two or more successive

mortgages, this subsection shall have effect with the substitution for references to the mortgagee of references to the first mortgagee, or, if the preceding paragraph has effect in relation to his mortgage, to the second mortgagee, and so on; and

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

187

(c) in any case this subsection shall have effect, as regards any ist Sch. mortgage, subject to any agreement between the mortgagee —coni.

and the person who apart from that mortgage would have been entitled to receive the payment or share/’

(2) In subsection (4) of section nine, for the words "exercisable. by the mortgagee " there shall be substituted the words "exercised by the mortgagee on the date by reference to which the disposal of the value payment is to be regulated".

12. Person to whom notice of requirements as to wages and conditions

of employment is to be given.

In subsection (2) of section thirteen, for the words " to the claimant for the payment in question " there shall be substituted the words "to the owner of every proprietary interest in the land on which the works are executed subsisting at the date when the notice is given

13. Reduction of contribution where Schedule A assessment reduced,

otherwise than through war damage, by reason of destruction or demolition of buildings.

At the end of subsection (2) of section thirty (which provides that where by reason of alteration in the condition of a unit of land a Schedule A assessment is replaced by another such assessment, the lower of the two assessments is to be disregarded) there shall be inserted the following proviso:—

" Provided that where the alteration is caused, otherwise than by war damage, by the destruction or demolition of buildings or works, or parts thereof, comprised in the unit of land, then, as respects an instalment of contribution for any year (being a year subsequent to the year nineteen hundred and forty-one) the relevant date in which falls after the new assessment is first in force, the assessment replaced, and not the new assessment, shall be disregarded for the purposes of this Part of this Act notwithstanding that the amount of the new assessment is less than that of the assessment replaced."

14. Suspension or remission of instalments in respect of properties

affected under Housing Acts by clearance or compulsory purchase, or demolition, orders.

(1) Where as respects the year nineteen hundred and forty-two or any subsequent year the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are satisfied that the following conditions are fulfilled in the case of any contributory property which consists of a house or building and the site thereof, that is to say,—

(a) that at the beginning of that year the house or building was

subject to a clearance order made under the Housing Act, 26 Geo. 5 and

1936, which had been confirmed by the Minister of Health, 1 Edw- 8- c- 5*.

to a compulsory purchase order made under that Act relating

to land comprised in a clearance area, or made in accordance

with subsection (3) of section thirty-six of that Act, which

had been so confirmed, or to a demolition order made under

that Act which had become operative; and

(b) that the house or building has not been occupied in whole or in part at any time during that year,

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall take no steps to recover any instalment of contribution falling due in respect of the property

i88

1ST SCH.

—cont.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 40.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 41.

Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6*

Act, 1942.

for that year unless and until they are satisfied that the condition specified in head (b) of this sub-paragraph has ceased to be fulfilled or that the order has been quashed.

(2) Any reference in this paragraph to a house or building includes a reference to any yard, garden, outhouses and appurtenances belonging thereto or usually enjoyed therewith; and the reference in head (a) of the last preceding sub-paragraph to a house or building subject to a compulsory purchase order confirmed by the Minister of Health includes a reference to a house or building belonging to a local authority to which by virtue of section twenty-eight of the Housing Act, 1936, the provisions of that Act apply as if it had been purchased by the authority as being land comprised in a clearance area.

(3) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for the references to the Housing Act, 1936, and to orders confirmed by the Minister of Health there shall be respectively substituted references to the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1930, and to orders confirmed by the Secretary of State:

Provided that for references to section twenty-eight and to subsection (3) of section thirty-six of the first mentioned Act there shall be respectively substituted references to section sixty-one and subsection (2) of section seventeen of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1935.

(4) In the application of this paragraph to Northern Ireland for the references to the Housing Act, 1936, and the Minister of Health there shall be substituted respectively references to Part II of the Planning and Housing Act (Northern Ireland), 1931, and to the Ministry of Home Affairs for Northern Ireland, and the references to a compulsory purchase order shall not apply.

15. Land used for aerodromes, &c., to be liable to lower rate of contribution.

(1) The proviso to subsection (3) of section twenty (which provides that in the case of the properties specified therein the amount of each instalment of contribution shall be sixpence in every pound of the contributory value) shall apply to a contributory property which consisted throughout the risk period of land used for the purposes of an aerodrome, flying school or landing ground (not being a property consisting solely of buildings or works and the site thereof) and to a property which consisted during part of that period of such land as aforesaid and during the remainder of the period of such land as is described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (e) of the said subsection (3):

Provided that where the property comprised buildings or works, the buildings or works, and the site thereof, on the one hand, and the remainder on the other hand, shall be treated as separate contributory properties and the contributory value of each ascertained by apportioning what would have been the contributory value of the whole property.

(2) Any apportionment under this paragraph shall be made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, but any person who is aggrieved by any such apportionment may appeal to the Special Commissioners.

(3) Section twenty-one (which provides for disregarding temporary diversion of land from its normal use) shall, with the necessary modifications, apply for the purposes of this paragraph.

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

189

16. Amendment of definition of unfitness and fitness of properties in

relation to recovery of instalments of contribution.

In subsection (4) of section thirty-three, for the definitions of " unfit " and " fit " there shall be substituted the following definitions:—

" In this subsection the expression ‘ unfit' means unfit for the purpose for which the property was used or adapted for use immediately before the occurrence of the war damage in question, and unfit also for any other purpose substantial in relation to that purpose; and the expression ‘ fit ’ means fit for any such purpose.

In considering whether a property is unfit or fit for any purpose regard shall be had to all relevant circumstances, and in particular to the class of occupier likely to use similar properties which are not unfit for that purpose, and to the standard of accommodation available at the material time."

17. Exclusion of liabilities under the principal Act from operation of

provisions for discharge of outgoings.

(1) A provision in an agreement creating a short tenancy or granting a licence by which the tenant or licensee is required to discharge outgoings, and any other provision subject to which such a tenancy or a licence is held and which apart from this sub-paragraph might have imposed on the tenant or licensee any liability in respect of any instalment of contribution or of any indemnity in respect of any instalment of contribution or of any premium payable under a policy issued under either of the schemes operated under Part II of the principal Act, shall be of no effect so far as regards any such liability, whether the provision was entered into or imposed before or after the passing of the principal Act or of this Act.

(2) A provision contained in any will, settlement or other instrument (including an enactment), whether executed or coming into operation before or after the passing of the principal Act or of this Act, to the effect that outgoings (by whatever word described) are to be discharged out of income, or by a person entitled to income or to a right of possession or residence in the capacity of a beneficiary under a trust, shall not have effect in relation to any such instalment indemnity or premium as aforesaid, except in a case in which an intention that it should have effect in relation thereto, or in relation to a class of outgoings within which the contribution indemnity or premium falls, appears from terms of the instrument other than the generality of the reference therein to outgoings.

(3) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, for any reference to a short tenancy there shall be substituted a reference to a tenancy under a lease the stipulated duration of which is not more than twenty-one years or, in the case of minerals, not more than thirty-one years, from the date of the entry.

18. Amendment of provision rendering rights relating to contributions

enforceable notwithstanding transmission of interest, to provide for transmission between 1st January and 1st July.

In section thirty-five, after the words "a right " there shall be inserted the words "(whether present or future) ", and after the words "since that date " there shall be inserted the words "and whether before, on or after the first day of July next following ".

1ST SCH. —coni.

190

1ST SCH. —cont.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 30.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 51.

33 & 34 Vict, c- 75-

2 Edw. 7. c. 42.

Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

19. Collection of contribution by resort to rent received.

The power of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to make regulations for the assessment and collection of contributions applying with modifications enactments relating to the assessment and collection of income tax shall include power to make such regulations for the collection of the first or any subsequent instalment applying with modifications, and in relation to any class of property, the provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to the Finance Act, 1941 (which provides for the collection of tax due from a landlord by requiring the payment over of rent paid in respect of the property on which the tax is due) and the provisions of the enactments relating to income tax ancillary thereto.

20. Insertion in s. 39 of omitted references to ecclesiastical purposes.

In section thirty-nine, in subsections (4) and (6), for the words "charitable purposes " in each place where those words occur there shall be substituted the words "charitable or ecclesiastical purposes".

21. Application of principal Act to elementary schools transferred to local

education authority.

(1) Where an elementary school has been transferred to the local education authority for elementary education under section thirty-eight of the Education Act, 1921, or under section twenty-three of the Elementary Education Act, 1870, and section twenty-five of and the Second Schedule to the Education Act, 1902, or the authority has an interest in the premises of such a school under a lease granted whether by virtue of a scheme made under the Charitable Trusts Acts, 1853 to 1925, or otherwise, the Board of Education may, with the consent of the authority and of the trustees of the school, by order made as respects the whole or any part of the premises of the school direct that the provisions of the principal Act relating to the recovery and ultimate incidence of instalments of contributions, and to payments in respect of war damage under Part I thereof, shall apply as if the premises of the school, or the part thereof to which the order relates, as the case may be, were vested in the authority for all the interest therein belonging to the trustees or otherwise held in trust for the school.

(2) In relation to a case where the transfer or lease affects part only of the premises of the school, sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall apply as if the references to the premises of the school were references to that part of the premises.

(3) An order made under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph may, with the consent of the authority and of the trustees, be revoked by an order of the Board of Education either as respects the whole or as respects any part of the land affected by the order revoked; and an order under the said sub-paragraph (1) shall cease to have effect on the termination of the rights of the authority under the transfer or the interest of the authority under the lease :

Provided that the revocation of the order, whether in whole or in part, or its ceasing to have effect, shall not affect any liability in respect of an instalment of contribution for a year the relevant date in which fell before the time when the order was revoked or ceased to have effect, or any right to payment in respect of war damage occurring before that time.

1942. War Damage (Amendment) Ch. 28. 191

Act, 1942.

(4) An order made under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall ist Sch.

apply as well in relation to an instalment of contribution for a year the —coni.

relevant date in which fell between the transfer, or the commencement

of the interest of the authority, as the case may be, and the date of the making of the order but not discharged at that date as in relation to an instalment of contribution for a year the relevant date in which falls after that date.

(5) An order made under this paragraph shall, unless the contrary is shown, be presumed to have been made with the consent of the authority and trustees concerned.

(6) In this paragraph the expression "premises," in relation to a school, has the same meaning as in the Fourth Schedule to the Education Act, 1921; and where successive interests are granted to an authority without any interval between the termination of one and the commencement of the next, the successive interests shall be treated for the purposes of this paragraph as one interest commencing at the commencement of the earliest interest.

(7) In the application of this paragraph to Northern Ireland—

(a) for the references to an elementary school, to transfer under

the enactments mentioned in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, to the local education authority for elementary education, and to the Board of Education there shall respectively be substituted references to a public elementary school, to transfer under section fourteen of, and the Second Schedule to, the Education Act (Northern Ireland), 1923, to the education authority within the meaning of that Act, and to the Ministry of Education for Northern Ireland; and

(b) the expression " premises," in relation to a school, includes

the teacher's residence (if any) and any land or buildings held in connection with the school.

22. Land belonging to National Trust.

(1) The provisions of sub-paragraphs (2) to (5) of this paragraph shall have effect where the following conditions are satisfied as respects the whole or part of a contributory property at the relevant date in any year or as respects the whole or part of a hereditament immediately before the occurrence of war damage to the hereditament, that is to say, that the fee simple absolute in possession therein belongs either—

(a) to the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act, 1907; or 7 Edw. 7.

(b) to the National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic c’cxxxvi'

Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated under the National

Trust for Scotland Order Confirmation Act, 1935; 26 Geo. 5 and

and is held inalienably by them, and that no tenancy which is a w- • c. n. proprietary interest is subsisting therein.

(2) Where the said conditions are satisfied as respects the whole of a contributory property, no instalment of contribution shall be payable in respect of the property for the year in which the relevant date falls.

(3) Where the said conditions are satisfied as respects part of a contributory property, the instalment of contribution in respect of the property for the year in which the relevant date falls shall be apportioned between that part and the rest of the property in such

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

192 Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942.

ist Sen. proportions as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may determine, —coni. and—

(a) the provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph shall have effect

as if that part were a separate contributory property; and

(b) the provisions of the principal Act relating to the recover}'

and the ultimate incidence of instalments of contributions shall have effect as if the rest of the property were a separate contributory property and as if the part of the instalment apportioned thereto were an instalment in respect thereof.

Any person who is aggrieved by an apportionment made by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this sub-paragraph may appeal to the Special Commissioners.

(4) Where the said conditions are satisfied as respects the whole of a hereditament, no payment shall be made under the principal Act in respect of the damage thereto.

(5) Where the said conditions are satisfied as respects part of a hereditament, any value payment in respect of the damage shall be reduced by such amount as the Commission may determine to be attributable to the damage to that part, and the remainder of the value payment shall be paid as if it were a value payment in respect of damage to a separate hereditament consisting of the remainder of the hereditament.

(6) Section forty-three shall be omitted.

23. Repeal of s. 44 (1) (d).

Paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section forty-four shall be omitted.

24. Verbal amendment of s. 46 (2).

In the reference in subsection (2) of section forty-six to a testamentary disposition made before occurrence of war damage, the word "executed " shall be substituted for the word "made/'

25. Share of value payment to be attributed to buildings or works belonging

to person not having a proprietary interest.

Where a value payment is to be made in respect of war damage to a hereditament and at the date by reference to which the disposal of the payment is to be regulated there is on the hereditament a building or work, not being an article to which the provisions of subsection (4) of section forty-six apply, which a person had a right to remove so as to be entitled on removing it to it or to the materials of it, or which a person not having a proprietary interest in the hereditament had placed thereon and could have been required to remove, and either—

(a) there was subsisting in the building or work a proprietary interest owned otherwise than by that person, or owned by him otherwise than in a capacity in which he had a right to remove it as aforesaid (being an interest against which his right to remove it, or the right to require him to remove it, was exercisable); or

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

193

(b) the building or work was included in a mortgage of a pro-

prietary interest in the hereditament, and his right to remove it, or the right to require him to remove it, was exercisable against the .mortgagee;

the provisions of the said subsection (4) shall have effect in relation to the building or work with the substitution of references thereto and to this subsection for references to the, article and to that subsection, and as if references to a right to remove included references to an obligation to remove.

26. Power of Commissioners of Crown Lands to apply capital

for dealing with war damage.

(1) The Treasury may, by any general or special directions given by them, authorise the Commissioners of Crown Lands to charge as a principal sum to the account of the capital of the land revenues of the Crown the costs, charges and expenses incurred by them in the execution, on and for the benefit of lands under their management, of works for any of the following purposes, or in any operation incident to or necessary or proper for carrying into effect any of those purposes, or for securing the full benefit of any of those works or purposes, that is to say:—

(a) the repair of war damage;

(b) the reconstruction of buildings or works which have sustained

war damage;

(c) the construction of buildings or works in substitution for

buildings or works which have sustained war damage, whether on the same site or on a different site.

(2) The Treasury may, by any general or special directions given by them, authorise the said Commissioners to enter into and carry into effect arrangements for the payment by them of, or for the making by them of advances in respect of, any costs, charges or expenses incurred as aforesaid by other persons, and to charge as aforesaid payments and advances made pursuant to the arrangements.

(3) The Treasury may, if they think fit, direct that any sum paid out of capital in accordance with any such authorisation as aforesaid shall be repaid out of the income of the land revenues of the Crown within such time and by such number of instalments of such amounts respectively as may be specified in the directions, so however that, where t^ie said Commissioners are entitled to a payment under the principal Act in respect of the war damage in question, this sub-paragraph shall have effect only as respects the excess (if any) of the sums so paid out of capital over the amount of that payment (excluding any part of it which represents interest).

27. Power to treat as war damage results of measures taken under

proper authority to meet circumstances created by war damage.

(1) For the purposes of the provisions of the principal Act relating to payments in respect of war damage under Part I thereof, the Commission may, with the consent of the Treasury, treat as damage of the kind mentioned in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) of section eighty any physical change in land, whether or not being such as to cause depreciation in the value thereof, which is the direct result of measures

N

1ST SCH. —cont.

*94

1ST SCH.

—cont.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 75.

Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

taken under proper authority to meet circumstances created by damage occurring as mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection.

(2) No compensation shall be payable under subsection (4) of section three of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, by reference to depreciation in so far as it is the direct result of any physical change in land treated by the Commission as war damage under this paragraph:

Provided that nothing in this sub-paragraph shall affect any payment made under the'said subsection (4) before the passing of this Act.

28. Disposal of unclaimed balances of mutual insurance funds.

(j) The Board of Trade may by order provide that where the persons having the control of funds which fall to be distributed by virtue of subsection (2) of section eighty-seven (which provides for the distribution of funds constituted before the passing of the principal Act for the purpose of providing indemnification against war damage) have been unable to trace the persons entitled to any moneys forming part of such funds, the Board of Trade may, if satisfied that reasonable steps have been taken for the purpose of tracing the persons entitled, authorise the payment of the moneys in question into an account specified in the order; and any payment into such an account authorised by the Board of Trade shall be a good discharge for the amount of the payment.

(2) An order made under this paragraph shall provide for the making of payments out of the account, in accordance with the provisions of the order, to persons claiming to be entitled to moneys paid into the account.

29. Provisions as to moveable property falling within definition of land.

(1) For the purposes of the operation of the provisions of the principal Act relating to payments in respect of war damage under Part I thereof as regards any chattel personal that falls within the definition of "land " in section ninety-five, the property in the chattel shall be treated as a proprietary interest and the sole proprietary interest therein.

(2) References in sections twenty-three, twenty-seven and twenty-nine to a proprietary interest subsisting in the whole of a contributor}' property shall be construed as references to a proprietary interest subsisting in so much of the property as is capable of being the subject of a proprietary interest, and references in the Fourth Schedule to a tenancy of a contributory property shall be construed as references to a tenancy of so much of the property as is capable of being subject to a tenancy.

(3) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland, the expression "chattel personal " shall mean " corporeal moveable *\

30. Amendment of definitions relating to tenancies.

(1) At the end of the definition in subsection (1) of section ninety-five of a " short tenancy " the following paragraphs shall be inserted—

" (c) a tenancy at will;

(d) a tenancy granted for a term limited to expire, or subject to a right of the landlord to determine the tenancy, on, or

1942. War Damage (Amendment) Ch. 28.

Act, 1942.

at a time or within a period expiring not later than seven years after, any such occasion as the following, that is to say, the termination of any war in which His Majesty may be engaged or of hostilities in any such war or of the emergency mentioned in the Emergency Powers (Defence) 2 Act, 1939, or any other Act of the present Parliament, the c-occurrence of any event likely to occur on or in connection with such termination, or any similar occasion in whatsoever words described."

(2) In subsection (3) and in subsection (4) of section ninety-five (which make provision as to the period which certain tenancies are to be treated as having to run, and which are expressed to have effect for the purposes of the principal Act), for the words "of this Act " there shall be substituted the words "of the provisions of Part I of this Act relating to contributions and of the Fourth Schedule thereto."

31. Amendment as to accounting for payments to Commission and their staff.

In the First Schedule, in paragraph 8 (which relates to the remuneration of the members, officers and servants of the Commission), for the words The Treasury may pay " there shall be substituted the words "There shall be paid ".

32. Proof of Commission’s documents.

Every document purporting to be an instrument made or issued by the Commission and to be signed by the secretary or any person authorised to act in that behalf shall be received in evidence, and shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to be an instrument made or issued by the Commission; and prima facie evidence of any such instrument may, in any legal proceedings (including arbitrations), be given by the production of a document purporting to be' certified to be a true copy of the instrument by or on behalf of the secretary.

33. Provision for preventing appeal to referees restricted to one only of

two related values.

The provision to be made by rules under paragraph 2 of the Second Schedule in relation to appeals and references to referees under section six or nine shall include provision for securing that, on an appeal or reference as to either of two amounts the difference between which it is material for any of the purposes of the principal Act to ascertain, the referee shall determine the other of those amounts also.

34. Amendment as to referee’s order as to costs.

(1) In the Second Schedule, in paragraph 3 (which relates to a referee’s order as to costs), for the words "and any such order as to costs shall have effect as if it were an order of the High Court, save that it shall not be enforced as such except by leave of that court, or of a judge thereof ", there shall be substituted the words "and may tax or settle the amount of any costs to be paid under any such order or direct in what manner they are to be taxed, and any such

195

1ST SCH.

—cont.

& 3 Geo. 6.

62.

196 Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. b. Act, 1942.

1ST SCH. —coni. order may be enforced as if it were an award on a submission within the meaning of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934 (2) For subsection (27) of section ninety-six (which section provides for the application of the principal Act to Scotland) the following subsection shall be substituted— " (27) Paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule shall have effect as if for the words from ‘ an award' to the end of the paragraph there were substituted the words ‘ a recorded decree arbitral ’ (3) At the end of section ninety-seven (which provides for the application of the principal Act to Northern Ireland) the following subsection shall be inserted— " (24) Paragraph 3 of the Second Schedule shall have effect as if for the words ‘ submission within the meaning of the Arbitration Acts, 1889 to 1934' there were substituted the words ‘ reference under an arbitration agreement within the meaning of the Arbitration Act (Northern Ireland), 1937 *

Section 2. 4 SECOND SCHEDULE. Amendments as to Ultimate Incidence of Contributions under Part i of the Principal Act. Mortgagors and Mortgagees. 1. Section twenty-five (which provides for the payment, by mortgagees to mortgagors under mortgages to which that section applies of interests in contributory properties to which that section applies, of indemnities depending on the ratio of the amount secured by the mortga^ to the price of acquisition, or in certain cases the value, of the interest) shall have effect subject to the provisions of the next five following paragraphs. 2. In the application of section twenty-five and of this paragraph to a second or subsequent mortgage of an interest, references therein to the price of acquisition or value of the interest shall be construed as references to that price, or to the value of the interest free from any mortgage, reduced by the aggregate of the amounts secured by all prior mortgages of the interest, whether mortgages to which the said section twenty-five applies or not: Provided that where the interest is not the only security for the amount secured by any of the prior mortgages, this paragraph shall have effect as if the amount secured by that mortgage were the sum which bears to that amount the same proportion as the price of acquisition or, as the case may be, the value of the interest bears to the aggregate of that price or value and of the value of all the other property which is a security for the amount secured by the said prior mortgage. 3. In subsection (3) (which relates to the indemnity to be given by a mortgagee who holds other security as well as a mortgage to which section twenty-five applies) for the words "but is not the only property

I942- War Damage (Amendment) Ch. 28.

Act, 1942.

subject to that mortgage " there shall be substituted the words "but is not the only security for the amount secured by that mortgage ", and for the words "then subject to that mortgage " there shall be substituted the words " which is then a security for the amount secured by that mortgage."

4. — (1) Where—

(a) the whole or parts of different storeys of a house or building

are occupied by two or more persons in different apartments or tenements and the house or building comprises more than one contributory property, but each of the contributory properties is used or suitable for use for residential purposes and has a contributory value not exceeding thirty-five pounds; or

(b) land which is farmed as a single unit or consists only of land so

farmed together with other land either normally farmed therewith or, if it consists of or comprises buildings, intended to form part of the unit, comprises more than one contributory property, but the aggregate of the contributory values does not exceed five hundred pounds,

the house or building or, as the case may be, the land shall be deemed for the purposes of section twenty-five to be a single contributory property to which that section applies.

(2) Head (a) of the preceding sub-paragraph shall not apply in Scotland or Northern Ireland, but section ninety-six shall have effect as if for subsection (14) thereof there were substituted the following subsection:—

" (14) Section twenty-five shall apply, in addition to the contributory properties specified in subsection (4) thereof, to any tenement comprising dwelling houses the contributory value of none of which exceeds thirty-five pounds, and any such tenement shall for the purposes of the said section twenty-five be deemed to be a single contributory property whether or not any of its component parts are separately assessed to Schedule A or separately entered in the valuation roll.

In relation to a dwelling house comprised in such a tenement as aforesaid and forming part only of a contributory property, the reference in this subsection to the contributory value of the dwelling house shall be construed—

(a) where the dwelling house is separately entered in the valuation roll, as a reference to an amount which bears to the contributory value of the contributory property of which the dwelling house forms part the same proportion as the rateable value of the dwelling house bears to the aggregate of the rateable values of all the parts of the contributory property;

(b) in any other case, as a reference to an amount which

bears to the contributory value of the contributory property the same proportion as the annual value of the dwelling house bears to the annual value of the contributory property."

197

2ND SCN.

—cont.

ig8 Ch. 28. War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6. Act, 1942.

2ND SCH. —coni. 5. In considering whether a mortgage is a mortgage to which section twenty-five applies, paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section forty-four (under which a contributory property of which part is requisitioned is to be treated as more than one contributory property for contribution purposes) shall be disregarded. 6. For the purposes of section twenty-five, a mortgage created in connection with the payment to the mortgagee under another mortgage of sums secured by that other mortgage shall be deemed to have been substituted for that other mortgage, as well where the payment was made before the creation of the first mentioned mortgage as where it was made at the same time as or after the creation thereof. Landlords and Tenants. 7. —(1) Paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule (which entitles an indirect contributor to indemnity from his landlord against the whole or a part of his liability in respect of an instalment) shall have effect as if at the end thereof there were added the following proviso:— " Provided that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall have effect— (a) where the land by virtue of being tenant of which the said person is entitled to indemnity from his landlord comprises a part only of the contributory property, as if for the reference to the amount of the instalment there were substituted a reference to the fraction of the instalment attributable to the part of the property; and (b) where the land by virtue of being tenant of which the said person is entitled to indemnity from his landlord comprises part only of land by virtue of being landlord of which the said person incurs the liability to indemnify his tenant, as if for the reference to his said liability there were substituted a reference to so much thereof as bears to the whole amount of his said liability the same proportion as the annual value of the first-mentioned land bears to the annual value of the last-mentioned land." (2) In head (c) of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 6 of the Fourth Schedule (which provides for determining the value of land which comprises the contributory property' in question and also other land), after the words "in question " there shall be inserted the words "or a part thereof." 8. Paragraph 4 of the Fourth Schedule (which entitles an indirect contributor to indemnity from a tenant of his of part of the property against the whole or a part of his liability in respect of an instalment! shall have effect as if for the words "against his said liability " there were substituted the words "against so much of his said liability as is attributable to that part of the property," and as if at the end of the said paragraph there were inserted the following provision :— " For the purposes of this paragraph, so much of the liability of the said person shall be taken to be attributable to the said part of the property as bears to the whole amount of the liability’ the same proportion as the annual value of the said part of the property bears to the annual value of the land by virtue of his interest in which the said person incurs the liability."

1942-

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

199

9. — (1) Paragraphs I to 4 of the Fourth Schedule shall not apply ip relation to a tenancy of which the term has at the relevant date not yet commenced (in this paragraph referred to as a " reversionary tenancy "); but indemnities shall be payable by tenants under reversionary tenancies to their landlords in accordance with the following provisions of this paragraph.

(2) Where the interest in a contributory property or part thereof of a direct or indirect contributor in respect of the instalment of contribution for the property falling due in any year is at the relevant date in that year immediately subject to a reversionary tenancy, being a proprietary interest, the contributor shall be entitled to be indemnified by the tenant under the reversionary tenancy against his aggregate liability in respect of the instalment, reduced by the aggregate of the indemnities which he is entitled to receive in respect of the instalment from a landlord or from a tenant not being a tenant under a reversionary tenancy, up to an amount not exceeding the difference between—

(a) the instalment less the proportion thereof appropriate to a

tenancy of the land comprised in, and at the rent reserved by, the reversionary tenancy and having still to run at the relevant date a period equal to the period between the relevant date and the date on which the term of the reversionary tenancy is to end; and

(b) the instalment less the proportion thereof appropriate to a

tenancy of the land and at the rent aforesaid, and having still to run at the relevant date a period equal to the period between the relevant date and the date on which the term of the reversionary tenancy is to commence.

(3) (a) If the reversionary tenancy extends to a part only of the land subject to the interest of the contributor in the contributory property, the reference in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph to the aggregate liability of the contributor, reduced as mentioned in that sub-paragraph, shall be construed as a reference to the amount which bears to his aggregate liability, reduced as aforesaid, the same proportion as the annual value of the part of the land bears to the annual value of the land.

(b) If the reversionary tenancy extends to a part only of the contributory property, the references in heads (a) and (6) of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph to the instalment shall be construed as references to the fraction of the instalment attributable to that part of the property.

(c) If the rent reserved by the reversionary tenancy is not constant throughout the term, the references in sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph to that rent shall be construed as references to a yearly rent equal to the aggregate of the rent reserved over the whole of the term divided by the number of years in the term.-

(d) If the period between the relevant date and the date on which the term of the reversionary tenancy is to end is a hundred years or more, the proportion mentioned in head (a) of the said sub-paragraph (2) shall be taken to be nil.

2ND Sch.

—cont.

2*0

Ch. 28.

2ND SCH.

—cont.

War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

(4) The provisions of this Act and of the principal Act (including in particular references to an indirect contributor and the liability or net liability of an indirect contributor) shall have effect as if this paragraph were inserted after paragraph 4 of the Fourth Schedule.

(5) This paragraph shall have effect, in its application to Scotland, as if for the reference in sub-paragraph (2) thereof to a reversionary tenancy, being a proprietary interest, there were substituted a reference to a reversionary tenancy, being a tenancy under a lease the stipulated duration of which is more than twenty-one years or, in the case of minerals, more than thirty-one years, from the date of the entry.

10. In sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 6 of the Fourth Schedule (which provides for ascertaining the amount of an indemnity payable under that Schedule in respect of a tenancy by reference, amongst other matters, to the proportion which the rent thereunder bears to the value of the land comprised therein) for the words "the proportion which the rent payable under the tenancy bears to the value of the land comprised therein " there shall be substituted the words "the proportion which the rent reserved for the period in which the relevant date falls, or, if that period is other than a year, the annual equivalent thereof, bears to the value of the land comprised in the tenancy."

11. —(1) At the end of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 6 of the Fourth Schedule there shall be added the following proviso:—

" Provided that where it is shown that the rent is greater by any amount than it would otherwise have been by reason of the landlord undertaking to bear any tenant’s rates, or rendering or providing, or procuring to be rendered or provided, any services or goods, the proportion appropriate to the tenancy shall be calculated as if the rent were reduced by the said amount."

(2) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the said sub-paragraph (1) has effect—

(a) in relation to a tenancy under which no rent is reserved, as

if a rent were reserved under the tenancy bearing to the value of the land comprised therein a proportion of less than one quarter;

(b) in relation to a tenancy under which the rent reserved is not

a money rent, as if the reference to the rent or the annual equivalent thereof were a reference to the money value of the rent or the annual equivalent thereof.

General provisions as to indemnities.

12. A right to indemnity conferred by Part I of, or the Fourth Schedule to, the principal Act shall not be enforceable until the discharge of the liability in respect of which the right arises :

Provided that on the discharge of part of the liability the said right shall be enforceable as respects a proportionate part of the amount of the indemnity.

13. —(1) Where by the making, on or after the first day of June, nineteen hundred and forty-two, of a payment in advance under section thirty-two an instalment of contribution is discharged in whole or in part, the provisions of Part I of the principal Act and the Fourth

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

201

Schedule thereto relating to the ultimate incidence of instalments of contribution shall, notwithstanding anything in the said section thirty-two, apply as if the instalment or the part thereof discharged, as the case may be, had been paid by the person by whom it would have been payable, and at the time it would have become due, if the payment in advance had not been made.

(2) Where by the making of a payment as aforesaid part only of an instalment of contribution is discharged, nothing in sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall affect the liability of any person in respect of the remainder of the instalment.

1. Insurance of sea-going ships while laid up.

(1) Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of subsection (4) of section sixty, where a ship falling within the said paragraph (b) is laid up, and the Board of Trade are satisfied that the laying up thereof is not contrary to the national interest, the Board may, if they think fit, treat the ship and the machinery, tackle and furniture thereof as insurable in relation to a person, so long as the ship is laid up, under that one of the schemes which is appropriate to his case:

Provided that nothing in this sub-paragraph shall impose on any person any obligation to be insured.

(2) Where the Board of Trade have before the passing of this Act issued any policy of insurance against war damage in respect of a ship, or the machinery, tackle and furniture of a ship, which the Board are authorised by this paragraph to treat as insurable under either of the schemes, the Board may make payments in accordance with the terms of the policy, and any payments so made before the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been properly made.

2. Early payments under business scheme in cases of hardship.

The power of the Board of Trade, in cases where they are satisfied that it is expedient to do so to avoid undue hardship, to make payments under the private chattels scheme at an earlier date than would otherwise be permissible shall extend to payments under the business scheme.

3. Conditions to secure application of early payments for replacement of

essential goods.

(1) Where the whole or any part of a payment in respect of the destruction of or damage to any goods is made on an earlier date than would be allowable under subsection (1) of section sixty-one, and is so made by virtue of the Board of Trade being satisfied that the replacement or repair of the goods is expedient in the public interest, the Board may impose conditions requiring that the sum paid shall be applied in or towards the replacement or repair of the goods, or shall

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Section 2.

Amendments in Part II (Goods).

202

Ch. 28.

War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

3rd Sch. be so applied within such time as the Board may specify, and if any

—cont. such condition is not complied with, the sum paid shall be recoverable

as money had and received to the use of His Majesty.

(2) Nothing in this paragraph shall be taken to prejudice the power of the Board of Trade under subsection (3) of section sixty-one to impose conditions restricting the manner of application of a payment.

4. Exemption from compulsory insurance.

In determining for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section sixty-two (which provides for exemption from compulsory insurance where the value of all the goods for the time being insurable in relation to a person under the business scheme does not exceed the prescribed sum) the value of the goods insurable as aforesaid at any time, goods of a description for the time being exempted from compulsory insurance under paragraph (c) of that proviso shall be disregarded.

5. Payments for business chattels otherwise than under policies.

The Board of Trade may, in cases where regulations of the Treasury under section sixty-eight so provide, make payments in respect of war damage to goods insurable under the business scheme occurring after the coming into operation of that scheme notwithstanding that the goods were not insured thereunder.

6. Payments for damage to goods pertaining to places of worship.

(1) Where—

(a) war damage has occurred to goods pertaining to a church,

chapel or certified place of meeting for religious worship of any denomination, being goods in respect of which a policy has been issued under the business scheme; and

(b) a representative body of that denomination, whether central

or not, has made application to the Board of Trade, either as respects that policy or as respects any class of policies comprising that policy, that any payment thereunder in respect of the goods should, in lieu of being made to the person insured, be made to a body of persons specified in the application,

the Board of Trade may, if they think fit and after consultation with the person insured under the policy and any other persons appearing to the Board to be interested, give effect to the application.

(2) Regulations of the Treasury under section sixty-eight may provide for applying the provisions of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph to payments in respect of such goods as aforesaid made under that section otherwise than under policies.

7. Application of s. 88.

The provisions of section eighty-eight (which relate to amendments by Defence Regulations) shall apply to amendments of this Schedule as they apply to amendments of Part II of the principal Act.

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

203

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Consequential Amendments.

Provision of principal Act amended.

Section three, subsection (6).

Amendment.

Provision of this Act on which amendment consequential.

The word " immediately " First Schedule, shall be omitted. paragraph 7 (1 )(£>).

Section six, subsection (2), paragraph (b).

For the words from *' the First Schedule, owner of any proprietary paragraph 8. interest" to "any other person " substitute " any person interested in the determination of the question whether the damage to the hereditament involves total loss, either as being, or having been, or claiming under a person who was, the owner of a proprietary interest therein or of a rent-charge charged thereon or a mortgagee of any such interest, or as being or claiming under a person ".

Section seven, subsection (3), paragraph (c).

Section nine, subsection (3).

Section nine, subsection (4).

After hereditament " insert " and of rentcharges (if any) to which it is subject."

After " other than its being subject to any charge or lien for securing money or money’s worth" insert "or being affected by any restriction imposed on the hereditament by or under an enactment passed after the passing of this Act or by any liability of the hereditament to become subject to any restriction by virtue of any enactment ".

For " immediately before the occurrence of the war damage " substitute " at the date by reference to which the disposal of a value payment in respect of war damage thereto is under the preceding provisions of this section to be regulated ".

First Schedule,

paragraph 5.

First Schedule,

paragraph 3 (1).

First Schedule, paragraph 8.

Section 2.

204

Ch. 28.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

TH Sch.

—cont.

Provision of principal Act amended. Amendment. Provision of this Act on which amendment consequential.

Section nine, subsection (4). Section nine, subsection (5). Section twelve, subsection (2). For " the payment ", where those words first occur, substitute *' a value payment in respect thereof ". After " proprietary interests in the hereditament " insert " and of rentcharges (if any) to which it is subject ". For the words from " if the mortgage " to " share shall " substitute " if the mortgagee receives the payment or share he shall be liable to account as if it had been paid in full, but if not it shall ". First Schedule, paragraph 11 (1). First Schedule, paragraph 5. First Schedule, paragraph 11 (1).

Section fourteen ... In subsection (1), for " as provided by section three of this Act " substitute " on the basis of a valuation made by reference to prices current on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine ", and in subsection (2) the words from " which " to " Act " shall be omitted, and for " as aforesaid " substitute " as provided by this Act ". First Schedule, paragraph 7(1) (6).

Section twenty-five, subsection (7). For property subject to the mortgage " substitute " property which is a security for the amount secured on that interest ". Second Schedule, paragraph 3.

Section twenty-five, subsection (8), paragraph (c). After *applies " insert "or is a security for the amount thereby secured ", and at the end insert " or a security for that amount ". Second Schedule, paragraph 3.

Section twenty-seven, paragraph (i). After " by him " insert " and had been paid when it is in fact paid by the mortgagee". Second Schedule, paragraph 12.

Section thirty-three, subsection (2). For " immediately before the occurrence of the war damage " substitute " at the date by reference to which the disposal of the value payment is to be regulated ". First Schedule, paragraph 8.

1942.

War Damage (Amendment)

Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

205

Provision of principal Act amended. Amendment. Provision of this Act on which amendment consequential.

Section thirty-three, subsection (2). Section thirty-three, subsection (2). For " and which is subsisting when the value payment is discharged " substitute " and in right of which on the discharge of the value payment the mortgagee receives the payment or the share thereof of the owner of that interest, as the case may be ". For " and the date of discharge of the value payment" substitute " discharged at the date of the discharge of the value payment, and that date ". First Schedule, paragraph 11 (1). Second Schedule, paragraph 12.

Section thirty-eight, subsection (2). The word "duly" shall be omitted, and at the end insert " as soon as the liability became enforceable ". Second Schedule, paragraph 12.

Section thirty-nine, subsection (3). At the end insert " and where the owner is relieved from the payment of part of an instalment, indemnities shall be payable by other persons as if he had paid the whole instalment at the time when he paid the part of which he was not relieved ". Second Schedule, paragraph 12.

Section forty - four, subsection (1); and section forty-five, subsection (2). For " the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one " substitute " the termination of the risk period ". Section one.

Section forty-four, subsection (1). After "relating to contributions " insert " (except the proviso to subsection (5) of section twenty-five) Second Schedule, paragraph 5.

Section forty-four, subsection (3) (a). For the words from " the depreciation in " to " its value in " substitute " that section shall have effect with the substitution for the reference in subsection (4) to the state in which the hereditament was immediately before the occurrence of the damage of a reference ! to ". First Schedule, paragraph 7(1) (6).

4TH SCH. —COflt.

206

Ch. 28.

War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

4TH SCH.

—cont.

Provision of principal Act amended.

Amendment.

Provision of this Act on which amendment consequential.

Section forty-five

Section forty-six

Section sixty-one, subsection (2),

paragraph (a).

Section sixty-two, subsection (1),

proviso (a).

Section sixty-three

Section sixty-eight

In subsection (1), after *' proprietary interest " insert " or rentcharge ", after " underlease " insert "or a rent-charge being an equitable interest ", and at the end insert " or the legal estate in respect of the rentcharge, as the case may be in subsection (2), for "to the legal term " substitute thereto ", and after " proprietary interest " insert " or rent-charge "; and in subsection (3) after " proprietary interest" insert "or rent-charge ".

In subsection (1), for " a proprietary " in both places where those words occur substitute " an ", and the words " sections nine and fifteen of " shall be omitted.

The words " in the case of the private chattels scheme " shall be omitted.

After " in relation to him under the business scheme " insert " excluding goods of a description for the time being prescribed under paragraph (c) of this proviso ".

In subsection (2) the words "in relation to the goods " shall be omitted, and at the end of paragraph (b) of that subsection, insert " or, where the conditions require the replacement or repair of the goods, whether within a specified time or not, that if goods have been acquired or repaired as aforesaid they would be on any premises ".

For paragraphs (a) and (b) substitute " war damage to goods which, when the damage occurred, were insurable in relation to him under either of the schemes, or would have been so insurable if the scheme in question had then been in force ".

First Schedule, paragraph 5.

First Schedule, paragraph 5.

Third Schedule,

paragraph 2.

Third Schedule,

paragraph 4.

Third Schedule, paragraph 3.

Third Schedule, paragraph 5.

1942. War Damage (Amendment) Act, 1942. Ch. 28.

Provision of Provision of this Act

principal Act amended. Amendment. on which amendment consequential.

Section eighty, sub- The word " immediately ", First Schedule,

section (4). where it first occurs, shall be omitted. paragraph 7 (1) (b).

Section ninety-five, subsection (1), definition of "risk period ". For " the thirty - first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-one " substitute " such date (not being earlier than the thirty-first day of August, nineteen hundred and forty-two) as may be specified as the date for the termination of the risk period in an order made by the Treasury and approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament." Section one.

Section ninety-six After subsection (9) insert— " (9A) For any reference to a rentcharge there shall be substituted a reference to a feuduty and to a ground annual, and any reference to the owner of a rentcharge shall be construed accordingly ". First Schedule, paragraph 6.

Section ninety-six After subsection (10) insert— " (ioa) Subsection (5) of section three shall have effect as if for the words any other incumbrance ’ there were inserted the words ‘ any ground annual or other incumbrance and any liability to pay feuduty ’." First Schedule, paragraph 6.

Section ninety - six, The words Section thirty- First Schedule,

subsection (17); and section ninety-seven, subsection (13). three and " and respectively " shall be omitted, and for "Acts" substitute " Act paragraph 16.

9ection ninety-seven. At the end of subsection (9) insert " and the expressions Act' and ‘ enactment' include respectively an Act or enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland ", and in subsection (8) the words "(including any Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) " shall be omitted. Section 3 (2), and First Schedule, paragraph 3 (1).

207

4TH Sch

—cont.

208

Ch. 28.

War Damage (Amendment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

4TH SCH.

—cont.

Provision of principal Act amended.

Amendment.

Provision of this Act on which amendment consequential.

Second Schedule, paragraph 1.

Third Schedule, paragraph 2.

Third Schedule, paragraph 2.

Third Schedule, paragraph (2) (d).

After " pounds " insert " or, in the case of a payment to the owner of a rentcharge the amount whereof does not exceed twenty-five pounds per annum ".

For the words from " such that the making good thereof " to " more than " substitute " such that the proper cost of the works required after the damage occurring on the subsequent occasion for reinstating the hereditament in the form in which it existed immediately before the first occasion would be likely, in the opinion of the Commission, to be more than ".

At the end insert the following sub-paragraph—

" (2) Sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 4 of the First Schedule to the War Damage (Amendment) Act, 1942, shall have effect for the purposes of this paragraph as it has effect for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section four of this Act, with the substitution for the reference therein to the damage of a reference to the damage occurring on the subsequent occasion." After " proprietary interests " insert " or any rentcharge ", and the words " the subsistence of " shall be omitted.

First Schedule, paragraph 5.

First Schedule, paragraph 4 (1).

First Schedule, paragraph 4 (2).

First Schedule, paragraphs 5 and 11 (1).

1942.

AUied Powers

(War Service) Act, 1942. Ch. 29.

209

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to make provision as to the liability to war service of the nationals of allied Powers, to define for the purposes of the Allied Forces Act, 1940, membership of certain allied and associated forces, and to remove doubts as to the powers of imprisoning or detaining persons sentenced by service courts exercising jurisdiction by virtue of that Act.

[6th August 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) His Majesty may by Order in Council provide for the Liability to application of this section to men who are nationals of a Power service of specified in the Order, being a Power allied with His Majesty, am^Powers and who are in Great Britain at the time when the Order comes into operation, or subsequently enter Great Britain.

(2) Where any person to whom this section applies is not, at the expiration of two months from the material date, a member of the naval, military or air forces of the Power of which he is a national, the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, shall thereafter apply to him as if he were a British subject and any proclamation previously issued under the said Acts, which would have applied to him if he had been a British subject in Great Britain at the date of the proclamation, shall thereafter be deemed to apply to him :

Provided that, in the case of any person who holds a certificate of exemption issued by the Government of the Power of which he is a national, the said Acts shall not apply to him while the certificate is in force.

(3) The expression " the material date " shall, in relation to any person to whom this section applies, have the following meaning:—

(a) if he was, at the date of any proclamation issued under the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, before this section applied to him, within the limits of age specified for men in that proclamation, it means the date bn which this section first applied to him;

(b) in any other case, it means the date on which a proclamation issued under the said Acts first specifies for men limits of age within which he falls.

O

210

Registration of persons liable for service.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 8i.

Evidence of

certain

matters.

Ch. 29. Allied Powers 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(War Service) Act, 1942.

2. Where the Minister of Labour and National Service is satisfied, in the case of any person liable to be called up for service under the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, as applied by this Act, that sufficient particulars are available for the purpose of registration under the said Acts, without requiring him to furnish particulars and to apply for registration under section two of the National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939, the Minister may dispense with those requirements and enter his name and address together with such particulars as he considers necessary in the military service register, and shall thereupon issue to him a certificate of registration in the form prescribed by regulations made by the Minister under the said Act.

3. —(1) For the purposes of any proceedings under or arising out of the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, as applied by this Act—

(a) a certificate issued by a Secretary of State that a person of

the name and description specified in the certificate is, or was at a time so specified, registered under the Aliens Restriction Acts, 1914 and 1919, as a national of a Power so specified shall be sufficient evidence that he is, or was at that time, a national of that Power, unless the contrary is proved;

(b) a certificate issued by a Secretary of State that a person

of the name and description specified in the certificate entered Great Britain at a time so specified shall be sufficient evidence of that fact, unless the contrary is proved; and

(c) a certificate issued by the government of any Power that

a person of the name and description specified in the certificate is not, or was not at a time so specified, a member of the naval, military or air forces of that Power shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

(2) For the purposes of any such proceedings as aforesaid in which it is necessary to prove in relation to any party to the proceedings any of the matters specified in paragraphs (a), (6) and (c) of the last foregoing subsection, a certificate issued under that subsection relating to a person bearing the name in which that party is charged or appears in the proceedings shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to relate to that party.

(3) Any document purporting to be a certificate issued under subsection (1) of this section by a Secretary of State or, as the case may be, by the government of a Power, and to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State or on behalf of the government of that Power, shall be received in evidence, and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be a certificate so

1942.

Allied Powers

(War Service) Act, 1942. Ch. 29.

211

issued by the Secretary of State or, as the case may be, the government of that Power.

(4) it is hereby declared, for the avoidance of doubt, that subsection (1) of section eleven of the National Service Act, 1941, so far as it relates to the proof of age, shall apply in any case where it is necessary to show, for the purposes of the prosecution of any person under the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, as applied by this Act, for an offence mentioned in the said subsection, that he was, at the date of any such proclamation as is referred to in subsection (3) of section one of this Act, within the limits of age specified in that proclamation.

(5) For the purposes of this Act, the time at which a person attains a relevant age shall be deemed to be, according to the law in force elsewhere than Scotland as well as according to the law in force in Scotland, the commencement of the relevant anniversary of the date of his birth.

4. The foregoing provisions of this Act shall extend to the Isle of Man, and accordingly the references therein to Great Britain shall be construed as including references to the Isle of Man, and those provisions shall have effect, in relation to the Isle of Man, as if the references to the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, or to any provision thereof, were construed as references to those Acts or that provision as they apply or as it applies to the Isle of Man, and as if for the reference to the Minister of Labour and National Service there were substituted a reference to the Lieutenant-Governor, or a deputy or acting Governor, of the Isle of Man.

5. —(1) For the purposes of the Allied Forces Act,' 1940, a person shall be deemed to be a member of the naval, military or air forces of any such allied Power or foreign authority as is mentioned in section one of that Act, if he has served in those forces on or after the date of the passing of that Act and has not been duly discharged therefrom, but a person who has not so served shall not be deemed to be a member of any such forces by reason of his having been called upon to serve therein.

(2) It is hereby declared for the removal of doubt that if any person, while a member of the naval, military or air forces of any such allied Power or foreign authority as aforesaid, has been sentenced by a service court of the allied Power or a service court constituted by the foreign authority, as the case may be, to imprisonment or detention, he may be imprisoned or detained under subsection (2) of section two of the Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933, as applied to those forces under subsection (3) of section one of the Allied Forces Act, 1940, notwithstanding that he has ceased, whether by virtue of the sentence or otherwise, to be a member of those forces.

4 & 5 Geo. #. c. 15.

Extension to Isle of Man.

Definition of member of force for purposes of Allied Forces Act and removal of doubts arising therefrom.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 51.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 6.

212

Expensed.

Short title.

Power to impose military service on British subjects in foreign countries.

Ch. 29, 30. Allied Powers 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(War Service) , 1942.

6. Any expenses incurred by the Minister of Labour and National Service, a Secretary of State, or any other Minister of the Crown in consequence of the passing of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

7. This Act may be cited as the Allied Powers (War Service) Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to provide for the imposition upon British subjects in foreign countries of obligations with respect to service in His Majesty's forces of the like character as are imposed upon British subjects in Great Britain.

/ [6th August 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) His Majesty may by Order in Council impose upon any class or description of British subjects who are in any foreign country obligations with respect to service in His Majesty's forces of the like character as are, by the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, imposed upon British subjects who are in Great Britain:

Provided that no such Order in Council shall apply to any person who, under the provisions of any Act in force in any Dominion, is a national or citizen of that Dominion within the meaning of that Act, or who is a person belonging to any Dominion or to India, Burma, Newfoundland, or Southern Rhodesia.

(2) An Order in Council made under this section with respect to British subjects who are in any foreign country shall make provision for the manner in which any obligation thereby imposed, or any privilege or right exercisable in relation to any such obligation, is to be performed or exercised, and may, in particular, provide—

(a) for the registration and medical examination of persons liable to be called up for service under the Order;

(b) for the consideration of objections and applications made by such persons in relation to their obligations under the Order;

(g) for the enlistment or enrolment of such persons in any of His Majesty’s forces which may for the time being be present in that country.

1942. National Service Ch. 30,31.

(Foreign Countries) Act, 1942.

2. —(1) Every Order in Council made under this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after if is made, and if either House of Parliament within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which such an Order in Council is laid before it presents an address to His Majesty praying that the Order may be annulled, His Majesty may revoke the Order but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of a new Order.

In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued, or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(2) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893, shall not apply to any Order in Council made under this Act.

(3) The power to make Orders in Council conferred by this Act shall be construed as including power to vary or revoke such Orders.

3. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" Foreign country " does not include any British protectorate or any territory in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the League of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty, or any other country or territory being a country or territory under His Majesty’s protection or suzerainty;

" Dominion" means any Dominion within the meaning of the Statute of Westminster, 1931, except Newfoundland, and includes any territory administered by His Majesty’s Government in such a Dominion;

" His Majesty’s forces " includes the Women's Royal Naval Service, the Auxiliary Territorial Service and the Women’s Auxiliary Air Force.

(2) This Act may be cited as the National Service (Foreign Countries) Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to give effect to an agreement recorded in Notes exchanged between His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom and the Government of the United States of America, relating to jurisdiction over members of the military and naval forces of the United States of America.

[6th August 1942.]

WHEREAS His Majesty, in exercise of the powers conferred on Him by subsection (3) of section one of the Allied Forces Act, 1940, and of all other powers enabling Him in that behalf,

213

Provisions as to Orders in Council.

56 & 57 Vict.

C. 66.

Interpretation and short title.

22 & 23 Geo. 5 c. 4.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 51.

214 Ch. 31- United States of America 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(Pis&ftg Forces) Act, 1942.

has been pleased, by Order in Council, to make provision defining the relationship of the authorities and courts of the United Kingdom to the military and naval forces of the United States of America who are or may hereafter be present in the United Kingdom or on board any of His Majesty's ships or aircraft, and facilitating the exercise in the United Kingdom or on board any such ship or aircraft of the jurisdiction conferred on the service courts and authorities of the United States of America by the law of that country:

And whereas the Notes relating to jurisdiction over members of the said forces set out in the Schedule to this Act have been exchanged between His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom and the Government of the United States of America:

And whereas it is expedient to give effect to the agreement recorded by the said Notes:

Now, therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Criminal proceedings in courts of the United

Kingdom not to be takes against members of forces of the United States of America.

1. — (1) Subject as hereinafter provided, no criminal proceedings shall be prosecuted in the United Kingdom before any court of the United Kingdom against a member of the military or naval forces of the United States of America:

Provided that upon representations made to him on behalf of the Government of the United States of America with respect to any particular case, a Secretary of State may by order direct that the provisions of this subsection shall not apply in that case.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not affect any powers of arrest, search, entry, or custody, exercisable under British law with respect to offences committed or believed to have been committed against that law, but where a person against whom proceedings cannot, by virtue of that subsection, be prosecuted before a court of the United Kingdom is in the custody of any authority of the United Kingdom, he shall, in accordance with such general or special directions as may be given by or under the authority of a Secretary of State, the Admiralty, or the Minister for Home Affairs in Northern Ireland, for the purpose of giving effect to any arrangements made by His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom with the Government of the United States of America, be delivered into the custody of such authority of the United States of America as may be provided by the directions, being an authority appearing to the Secretary of State, the Admiralty, or the Minister, as the case may be, to be appropriate having regard to the provisions

1942.

United States of America

(Visiting Forces) Act, 1942. Ch. 31.

215

of any Order in Council for the. time being in force under the Act hereinbefore recited and of any orders made thereunder.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall render any person subject to any liability whether civil or criminal in respect of anything done by him to any member of the said forces in good faith and without knowledge that he was a member of those forces.

2. —(1) For the purposes of this Act and of the Allied Forces Act, 1940, in its application to the military and naval forces of the United States of America, all persons who are by the law of the United States of America for the time being subject to the military or naval law of that country shall be deemed to be members of the said forces:

Provided that no person employed in connection with the said forces, not being a citizen or national of the United States of America, shall be deemed to be a member of those forces unless he entered into that employment outside the United Kingdom.

(2) For the purposes of any proceedings in any court of the United Kingdom, a certificate issued by or on behalf of such authority as may be appointed for the purpose by the Government of the United States of America stating that a person of the name and description specified in the certificate is, or was at a time so specified, subject to the military or naval law of the United States of America, shall be conclusive evidence of that fact.

(3) For the purposes of any proceedings in any court of the United Kingdom in which the question is raised whether a party to the proceedings is, or was at any time, a member of the military or naval forces of the United States of America, any such certificate as aforesaid relating to a person bearing the name in which that party is charged or appears in the proceedings shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to relate to that party.

(4) Any document purporting to be a certificate issued for the purposes of this section, and to be signed by or on behalf of an authority described as appointed by the Government of the United States of America for the purposes of this section, shall be received in evidence, and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be a certificate issued by or on behalf of an authority so appointed.

3. —(1) His Majesty may by Order in Council direct that the Application of foregoing provisions of this Act shall, subject to such adaptations Act to

and modifications as may be specified in the Order, have effect colonies, in any colony or in any British protectorate or in any territory in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the League of Nations is being exercised by His Majesty’s Government in the

Membership of forces of the United States of America.

216

Short title.

Ch. 31. United States of America 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(Visiting Forces) Act, 1942.

United Kingdom, in like manner as they have effect in the United Kingdom.

(2) An Order in Council under this section may be revoked or varied by a subsequent Order in Council.

4. This Act may be cited as the United States of America (Visiting Forces) Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE.

Notes exchanged between His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom and the Government of the United States of America.

No. W. 10338/13/64

Foreign Office, S.W.i.

27th July, 1942.

Your Excellency,

Following the discussions which have taken place between representatives of our two Governments, His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom are prepared, subject to the necessary Parliamentary authority, to give effect to the desire of the Government of the United States that the Service courts and authorities of the United States Forces should, dining the continuance of the conflict against our common enemies, exercise exclusive jurisdiction in respect of criminal offences which may be committed in the United Kingdom by members of those Forces, and they are ready to introduce in Parliament the necessary legislation for this purpose.

2. It is appreciated, however, that cases may arise where for particular, reasons the American authorities may prefer that their courts should not exercise the above jurisdiction, and His Majesty's Government would accordingly propose that in any case in which a written communication to that effect is received from the Diplomatic Representative of the United States it should he open to the appropriate British authority to restore the jurisdiction of the courts of the United Kingdom to deal with that case.

3. In view of the very considerable departure which the above arrangements will involve from the traditional system and practice of the United Kingdom there are certain points upon which His Majesty’s Government consider it indispensable first to reach an understanding with the United States Government. I have accordingly the honour to invite Your Excellency to be so good as to lay the following enquiries and observations before your Government and to inform me of their attitude thereupon.

4. In the first place, the readiness of His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom to agree to the exercise by United States Service courts of exclusive jurisdiction in respect of offences ty

1942- United States of America Ch. 31.

(Visiting Forces) Act, 1942.

members of their Forces is based upon the assumption that the United States Service authorities and courts concerned will be able and willing to try and, on conviction, to punish all criminal offences which members of the United States Forces may be alleged on sufficient evidence to have committed in the United Kingdom, and that the United States authorities are agreeable in principle to investigate and deal with appropriately any alleged criminal offences committed by members of the United States Forces in the United Kingdom which may be brought to their notice by the competent British authorities, or which the American authorities may find to have taken place.

5. Secondly, His Majesty’s Government will be glad if Your Excellency will confirm their understanding that the trial of any member of the United States Forces for an offence against a member of the civilian population would be in open Court (except where security considerations forbade this) and would be arranged to take place promptly in the United Kingdom and within a reasonable distance from the spot where the offence was alleged to have been committed, so that witnesses should not be required to travel great distances to attend the hearing.

6. Thirdly, His Majesty’s Government propose that no member of the United States Forces should be tried in the United Kingdom by a Service Court of the United States of America, for an offence committed by him before 7th December, 1941.

7. Fourthly, while His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom. would not wish to make the arrangements in regard to jurisdiction over members of the United States Forces in this country dependent upon a formal grant of reciprocity in respect of United Kingdom Forces in the territory of the* United States of America, I feel that Your Excellency will appreciate that the considerations which have convinced His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom that the interests of our common cause would be best served by the arrangements which they are prepared to make as regards jurisdiction over American forces in the United Kingdom would be equally applicable in the case of British forces which in the course of the war against our common enemies may be stationed in territory under American jurisdiction. It would accordingly be very agreeable to His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom if Your Excellency were authorised to inform me that in that case the Government of the United States of America will be ready to take all steps in their power to ensure to the British forces concerned a position corresponding to that of American forces in the United Kingdom under the arrangements which His Majesty’s Government are willing to make. The considerations indicated in paragraph 2 above would naturally apply and His Majesty’s Government would be prepared to authorise the Diplomatic Representative of His Majesty in the United States to notify the competent American authorities in cases where the appropriate British authorities preferred not to exercise jurisdiction.

8. Fifthly, the proposal to ensure to the United States Service courts and authorities by legislation the exclusive exercise of jurisdiction in respect of criminal offences by members of the United States Forces

Ch. 31. United States of America 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

(Visiting Forces) Act, 1942.

in the United Kingdom is based upon the further assumption that satisfactory machinery will be devised between the competent American and British authorities for such mutual assistance as may be required in making investigations and collecting evidence in respect of offences which members of the United States Forces are alleged to have committed, or in which they are alleged to be concerned. His Majesty's Government have no doubt that the United States Government will agree that it would as a general rule be desirable that such preliminary action should be taken by the British authorities, on behalf of the American authorities, where the witnesses or other persons from whom it is desired to take statements are not members of the United States Forces. Conversely, His Majesty’s Government trust that they may count upon the assistance of the American authorities in connexion with the prosecution before British courts of persons who are not members of the United States Forces where the evidence of any member of these Forces is required or where the assistance of the American authorities in the investigation of the case (including the taking of statements from the American Forces) may be needed.

9. His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom are prepared to extend the proposed legislation where necessary to British Colonies and Dependencies under their authority, other than those British territories in which are situated the United States Military and Naval Bases leased in pursuance of the Agreement of 27th March, 1941, where the question of jurisdiction is already regulated by that Agreement. I accordingly propose that the foregoing paragraphs of this note, and your eventual reply, should be regarded as extending also to the arrangements to be made in the British Colonies and Dependencies to which the proposed legislation may be applied.

10. Finally, His Majesty’s Government propose that the foregoing arrangements should operate during the conduct of the conflict against our common enemies and until six months (or such other period as may be mutually agreed upon) after the final termination of such conflict and the restoration of a state of peace.

11. If the foregoing arrangements are acceptable to the United States Government, I have the honour to propose that the present note and Your Excellency's reply be regarded as constituting an agreement between the two Governments to which effect shall be given as from the date on which the legislation to which I have already referred takes effect.

I have the honour to be.

With the highest consideration,

Your Excellency's obedient servant,

Anthony Eden.

His Excellency

The Honourable

John G. Winant.

194a.

United States of America

(Visiting Forces) Act, 1942. Ch. 31, 32.

219

Embassy of the United States of America.

No. 1919 London.

27th July, 1942.

Sir,

I have the honor to refer to your note of July 27, 1942, in which you inform me that His Majesty's Government in the United Kingdom is prepared, subject to the necessary Parliamentary authority, to give effect to the desire of the Government of the United States that American authorities have exclusive jurisdiction in respect to criminal offences which may be committed in the United Kingdom by members of the American Forces. I now have the honor to inform you that my Government agrees to the several understandings which were raised in your note.

In order to avoid all doubt, I wish to point out that the Military and Naval authorities will assume the responsibility to try and on conviction to punish all offences which members of the American Forces may be alleged on sufficient evidence to have committed in the United Kingdom.

It is my understanding that the present exchange of notes is regarded as constituting an agreement between the two Governments to which effect shall be given as from the date on which the necessary Parliamentary authority takes effect.

Accept, Sir, the renewed assurance of my highest consideration.

The Right Honourable

Anthony Eden, M.C., M.P.

John G. Winant.

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to extend the time within which applications for assistance under the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926, may be received by locad authorities.

[6th August 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Subsection (2) of section two of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926 (which, as amended by subsequent enactments and in particular by section one of the Housing (Rural Workers) Amendment Act, 1938, provides, amongst other things, that applications for assistance must be received before the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-two) shall have

Extension of time for applying for assistance under s. 2 of Housing (Rural

220

Ch. 32, 33.

Workers) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 56.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 35.

Short title, citation and construction.

Housing (Rura Workers) Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

effect as if the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-five were therein substituted for the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-two, and section four of the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926 (which relates to government contributions to expenses of local authorities under that Act) shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Subject to the provisions of any amending scheme made after the passing of this Act by a local authority with the approval of the Minister, any reference in a scheme under the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1926, to any date in nineteen hundred and thirty-one, nineteen hundred and thirty-six, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight or nineteen hundred and forty-two as the date before which applications for assistance are to be received by the local authority shall be construed as a reference to the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-five.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Housing (Rural Workers) Act, 1942.

(2) This Act shall, in its application to England, be construed as one with the Housing (Rural Workers) Acts, 1926 to 1938, and this Act and those Acts may be cited together as the Housing (Rural Workers) Acts, 1926 to 1942.

(3) This Act shall, in its application to Scotland, be construed as one with the Housing (Rural Workers) (Scotland) Acts, 1926 to 1938, and this Act and those Acts may be cited together as the Housing (Rural Workers) (Scotland) Acts, 1926 to 1942.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[nth September 1942.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

1942.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1942. Ch. 33.

221

by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-three the sum bf one thousand million pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grant.

3, The sum granted by this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by Schedule (A), to one thousand million pounds, is appropriated for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and the schedules annexed hereto with the notes (if any) to such schedules shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

Issue of ^1,000,000,000 out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

Appropriation of sum voted for supply services.

222

Ch. 33.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1942.

5 & 6 Geo. 6*

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

Short title.

Section 3.

4. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production • of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period of

twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered

into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1942.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.).

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund

£ *• 1,000,000,000 0 o

194*-

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1942. Ch. 33, 34.

233

SCHEDULE (B.)—Appropriation of Grant. Section 3.

1942.

Expenditure arising out of the War (Supplementary Vote of Credit) -

Supply Grant.

£ «.

1,000,000,000 o o

SCHEDULE (A.).

Sched. (A).

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March

1943:—

Under this Act

£ d.

1,000,000,000 o o

SCHEDULE (B.).

Expenditure arising out of the War.

(Supplementary Vote of Credit.)

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, for general Navy, Army and Air services and supplies in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war; for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war - 1,000,000,000

Sched. (B.) Expenditure arising out of the war (Supplementary Vote of Credit).

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[22nd October 1942.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted

224 Ch. 34. Appropriation (No. 3) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Issue of £1,007,00,000 out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

Appropriation of sum voted for supply services.

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-three the sum of one thousand and seven million pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand and seven million pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and forty-three, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grant.

3. The sum granted by this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by Schedule (A), to one thousand and seven million pounds, is appropriated for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and the schedules annexed hereto with the notes (if any) to such schedules shall be deemed to be

Ch. 34.

225

1942. Appropriation (No. 3)

Act, 1942.

part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period of

twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered

into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation (No. 3) Act, 1942.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.).

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund

1,007,000,000

s. d. o o

P

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt ' of sums appropriated

Short title.

Section 3.

226 Ch. 34. Appropriation (No. 3) 5 & 6 Geo. 6. Act, 1942.

Section 3. SCHEDULE (B.). Appropriation of Grant. Supply Grants. 1942, £ s. d. Part 1. Civil (Supplementary)- - 7,000,000 0 0 Part 2. Expenditure arising out of the war (Supplementary Vote of Credit) - 1,000,000,000 0 0 Total £1,007,000,000 0 0

Sched.^A.). SCHEDULE (A.). Grant out of the Consolidated Fund. For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March, 1943 :— £ i- Under this Act 1,007,000,000 0 0

Sched. (B.) Part 1. Civil (Supplementary). SCHEDULE (B.)—Part i Civil (Supplementary), 1942. Schedule of Supplementary sum granted to defray the charges for the Service herein particularly mentioned for the year ending on the 31st day of March, 1943, viz.:— CIVIL. Vote Class V 14. For the payment of Supplementary Pensions to certain persons in receipt of Old Age Pensions or Widows’ Pensions £7,000,000

1942.

Appropriation (No. 3)

Act, 1942. Ch. 34, 35.

227

SCHEDULE (B.).—Part 2

Sched. (B.) Expenditure

arising out of the war

Expenditure arising out of the War. (Supplementary Vote of Credit), 1942.

(Supplementary Vote of Credit).

For defraying the expenses which may be incurred during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1943, for general Navy, Army and Air services and supplies in so far as specific provision is not made therefor by Parliament; for securing the public safety, the defence of the realm, the maintenance of public order and the efficient prosecution of the war; for maintaining supplies and services essential to the life of the community; and generally for all expenses, beyond those provided for in the ordinary Grants of Parliament, arising out of the existence of a state of war-. - £1,000,000,000

An Act to extend the powers of the Admiralty under section twenty of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, with respect to the grant and allocation of pensions and pecuniary benefits in the case of persons employed for the purposes of Greenwich Hospital and otherwise to amend the said section; to provide, on the death of any such persons, for the distribution without probate or other proof of title of sums not exceeding one hundred pounds due to those persons or to their legal personal representatives; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[22nd October 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) The powers conferred on the Admiralty by section Extension of twenty of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865, as extended by powers to section eight of the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872, shall extend grant pensions and be deemed always to have extended so as to include power— employed3for

(a) to grant from the funds of Greenwich Hospital such of Greenwich pensions or pecuniary benefits as the Admiralty think Hospital.

CHAPTER 35

228

28 & 29 Vict, c. 89.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 67.

Distribution of money not exceeding one hundred pounds without probate.

Short title and citation.

Ch. 35. Greenwich Hospital 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

, Act, 1942.

fit to persons employed for the purposes of Greenwich Hospital, or to their legal personal representatives, widows or dependants; and

(6) to contribute towards the payment by any other authority or person of pensions or pecuniary benefits to persons who have been employed as aforesaid, or to their legal personal representatives, widows or dependants.

(2) The said powers shall, in the case of persons who retire after the passing of this Act from such employment as aforesaid, also extend so as to include power to permit the allocation, to such extent and subject to such conditions as the Admiralty may prescribe, to the spouses and dependants of any such persons of pensions granted to them from the funds of Greenwich Hospital.

(3) The said section twenty, as extended by the said section eight and by the foregoing provisions of this section, shall have effect as if the words "(subject to the approval of Her Majesty in Council) " were omitted therefrom.

|T (4) The powers conferred by this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any existing power exercisable by the Admiralty under the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1921.

2. Where, on the death of any person who has been employed for the purposes of Greenwich Hospital, any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds is due from the funds of Greenwich Hospital to that person or his legal personal representatives in respect of salary, wages, or pension or other pecuniary benefit, the Admiralty may dispense with probate or other proof of the title of the legal personal representatives, and the said sum may be paid or distributed to or among the persons appearing to the Admiralty to be beneficially entitled to the personal estate of the deceased person, or to or among any one or more of those persons, or, in the case of the illegitimacy of the deceased person or any of his children, to or among such persons as the Admiralty may think fit, and the Admiralty shall be discharged from all liability in respect of any such payment or distribution. 3

3. This Act may be cited as the Greenwich Hospital Act, 1942, and the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1921, and this Act may be cited together as the Greenwich Hospital Acts, 1865 to 1942.

1942.

Courts (Emergency Powers) Amendment Act, 1942. Ch. 36.

229

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1941, with respect to mortgages.

[22nd October 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Where an application is made under the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1941, by the mortgagee of any property for leave to exercise against the property any right or remedy arising by virtue of a default in the payment of the mortgage money or a breach of any mortgage obligation, the appropriate court may, for the purposes of the said Acts, treat any person appearing to the court to be affected by the exercise of the right or remedy as if he were the person liable to pay the mortgage money or to perform the mortgage obligation, or, as the context may require, as if he were the mortgagor, and may grant relief accordingly.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not be taken as requiring all the persons so affected to be made parties to the application, and rules made under the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, shall make provision as to the persons who are to be made parties to any such application, and may provide that, in such cases as may be prescribed by the rules, and in particular in cases where the mortgagor has died and no person has taken out representation in respect of the property, the application may be made ex parte.

(3) This section shall apply to any application whether instituted before or after the passing of this Act, except where the leave of the court has been given unconditionally before the passing of this Act.

2. — (1) For the purpose of enabhng the powers of the appropriate court under the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1941, in the case of proceedings for the recovery of possession of mortgaged property, to be exercised before the institution of the proceedings instead of after the judgment or order of the court has been given or made, section one of the Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939, as amended by any subsequent enactment, and section twenty-six of the Liabilities (War-time Adjustment) Act, 1941, shall be amended as follows:—

(a) in subsection (2) of the said section one, at the end of paragraph (b), there shall be inserted the words "or

Power to grant relief in respect of mortgaged property.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 67.

r

Amendment of s. 1 of Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939. &nd s. 26 of Liabilities (War-time Adjustment) Act, 1941.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 24.

230

Interpre-

tation.

. Short title, construction and citation.

Ch. 36. Courts (Emergency Powers) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Amendment Act, 1942.

institute proceedings for the recovery of possession of mortgaged property", and in paragraph (d) of the proviso to that subsection the words "or for the recovery of possession of land " shall be omitted;

(6) in subsection (3) of the said section one, the words "or for the recovery of possession of land by a mortgagee thereof by reason of a default in the payment of money " shall be omitted, and for the words "property other than land" there shall be substituted the words "property other than mortgaged property ";

(c) in subsection (1) of the said section twenty-six, the

words " or for the recovery of possession of land other than a dwelling-house by the mortgagee thereof by reason of a default in the payment of money " and the words "or subject to a mortgage " shall be omitted, for the words "property other than land" there shall be substituted the words "property other than mortgaged property " and for the words "tenancy or mortgage " in both places where they occur, there shall be substituted the words "or tenancy ";

(d) in subsection (2) of the said section twenty-six, the word

"or" at the end of paragraph (a), paragraph (6), and the words "or for the enforcement of the judgment or order " shall be omitted.

(2) This section shall not apply to any proceedings instituted before the passing of this Act.

3. In the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1941, and this Act, the expression "mortgage " includes any charge, and the expressions " mortgagor " and " mortgagee " shah be construed accordingly, and in this Act the expression "mortgage money " includes any part of the mortgage money and any interest thereon, and the expression "mortgage obligation" means any obligation arising under or by virtue of the mortgage, other than an obligation to pay the mortgage money.

4. This Act may be cited as the Courts (Emergency Powers) Amendment Act, 1942, and shall be construed as one with the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1941, and this Act and those Acts may be cited together as the Courts (Emergency Powers) Acts, 1939 to 1942.

C.00

1942.

Prolongation of Parliament Act, 1942. Ch. 37, 38.

231

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to extend the duration of the present Parliament and to provide for the extension of the duration of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

[22nd October 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Septennial Act, 1715 (which relates to the duration of Parliament) shall, in its application to the present Parliament, have effect as if eight years were therein substituted for seven years.

2. Subsection (4) of section fourteen of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920 (which relates to the duration of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland) shall, in its application to the House of Commons in the present Parliament of Northern Ireland, have effect, if the said House so resolves, as if six years were therein substituted for five years.

3. This Act may be cited as the Prolongation of Parliament Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to continue in force the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, as amended by the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940, and the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941.

[22nd October 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939, as amended by the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1940, and the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions)

Prolongation of present Parliament.

1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 38.

Power to prolong the House of Commons of Northern Ireland.

10 & XI

Geo. 5. c. 67. s. 14.

Short title.

Continuance of 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 115.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 3.

232

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 49.

Short title.

Extension of proclamations under s. 93 of Government of India Act, 1935-

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 2.

Appeals to Privy Council from

emergency

courts.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 33.

Ch. 38,39. Local Elections and Register of 5 6 Geo. 6.

Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1942.

Act, 1941, shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-three, and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise determines.

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1942.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to make temporary amendments as respects the government of India, to make certain other amendments in the Government of India Act, 1935, and to make temporary provision as to certain matters connected with Burma.

[22nd October 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Notwithstanding anything in the proviso to subsection (3) of section ninety-three of the Government of India Act, 1935, a proclamation under that section made during the war period shall not cease to be in force by reason only that it has been in force for three years, and any such proclamation which would, but for this section, cease to be in force for that reason shall, if the resolutions in that behalf required by the said proviso are from time to time passed by both Houses of Parliament, continue in force, unless revoked, till the expiration of twelve months after the end of the war period.

2. — (1) No application made after the passing of this Act for special leave to appeal to His Majesty in Council from any sentence passed in India during the war period by an emergency court shall be entertained if the sentence of the court has been reviewed and confirmed by a High Court or by a person holding office as a judge of a High Court.

(2) In this section, the expression "emergency court" means a court declared by an ordinance to have been constituted to meet conditions of grave emergency and to be a court to which it is expedient that this section shall for the time being apply; and the expression "ordinance" means an ordinance under section seventy-two of the Government of India Act, as set out in the Ninth Schedule to the Government of India Act, 1935.

(3) Section four of the India and Burma (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940 (which requires prior reference to be made to the Secretary of State in certain cases) shall apply to the making

1942. India and Burma (Temporary Ch. 39.

and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1942.

of ordinances for the purposes of this section as it applies to the making of ordinances by virtue of that Act.

3. —(1) At the end of subsection (1) of section sixty-three E of the Ninth Schedule to the Government of India Act, 1935, there shall be added the following proviso—

" Provided that an Act of the Indian Legislature may declare any office in the service of the Crown in India to be an office the holding of which does not disqualify the holder thereof for election as, or continuance as, a member of either chamber of the Indian Legislature, and any such Act may be made to have effect from any date before the passing thereof, not earlier than the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine."

(2) In subsection (1) of section three hundred and seventeen of the said Act the words "consequential on the provisions of this Act " are hereby repealed.

4. —(1) For paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of section two hundred and ninety-eight of the Government of India Act, 1935 (which excepts certain laws from the general prohibition of disabilities by reason of race, religion, etc.) there shall be substituted the following paragraph:—

" (a) prohibits, either absolutely or subject to exceptions, dispositions of agricultural land situate in any particular area and owned by a person belonging to some class recognised by the law as being a class of persons engaged in or connected with agriculture in that area or as being an aboriginal tribe, in favour or for the benefit of any person not belonging to that class."

(2) At the end of the said section two hundred and ninety-eight there shall be inserted the following subsection:—

" (4) In paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section, ‘ agricultural land ’, in relation to any area where there is in force immediately before the commencement of Part III of this Act any law the operation of which is to any extent saved by the said paragraph (a), includes all such property and rights in or over property as are included in the expression ‘ land' as defined for the purposes of that law as then in force."

5. —(1) Any references in the Government of Burma Act, 1935, to the raising of forces in Burma shall, as respects the war period, be construed as including, and as always having included, references to the raising of forces in India by or for the Government of Burma, and any references in the said Act to the civil services of, or civil posts under, the Crown in Burma or to any authorities in Burma shall, as respects the war period, be

233

Amendment of Ninth Schedule of Government of India Act, I935-

Amendment of s. 298 of Government of India Act, 1935.

Provisions as to Burma.

26 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 8. c. 3

234

Ch. 39.

16 & 17.Geo. 5. c. 40.

Interpretation

and

supplemental.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 7.

India and Burma (Temporary 5 & 6 Ge;o. 6.

and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1942.

construed as including, and as always having included, references to services, posts or authorities established in India in continuation of or in substitution for those services, posts or authorities.

(2) Acts of the Governor of Burma may, as respects the war period, confer on such courts in British India as may be designated by the Governor-General of India in consultation with the Governor of Burma such jurisdiction in relation to matters to which this subsection applies as may be specified in the Acts, being jurisdiction which, before the enemy occupation of Burma, was exercisable by a court in Burma, but subject to such modifications, if any, as may be so specified, including jurisdiction in or as respects proceedings which at the date of the said occupation were pending in any court in Burma.

The matters to which this subsection applies are insolvency, divorce, probate and letters of administration and trusts, and such other matters as may be agreed from time to time between the Governor-General of India and the Governor of Burma:

Provided that the jurisdiction of any court in India under the Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926, shall not be extended under this subsection save in relation to proceedings which at the date of the occupation of Burma were pending in a court in Burma.

In this subsection the expression " Acts of the Governor of Burma " includes any Acts or ordinances which the Governor of Burma is authorised to make by or under the Government of Burma Act, 1935.

6. — (1) In this Act, the expression "the war period" means the period beginning with the twenty-fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, and ending when the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, ceases to be in force.

(2) The amendments made by sections three and four of this Act in the Government of India Act, 1935, shall be deemed to have been made therein immediately before the passing thereof.

(3) A copy of the said Act giving effect to—

(a) the amendments mentioned in subsection (3) of section

one of the India (Federal Court Judges) Act, 1942; and

(b) the amendments made by sections three and four of this

Act,

shall be prepared and certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the Rolls of Parliament and His Majesty's

1942.

235

India and Burma (Temporary . Ch. 39, 40.

and Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1942.

printer shall print in accordance with the copy so certified all copies of the Government of India Act, 1935, which are printed after the said copy has been so prepared, certified and deposited.

7. This Act may be cited as the India and Burma (Temporary and Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1942, and shall, as respects India, be construed as one with the Government of India Act, 1935, and, as respects Burma, be construed as one with the Government of Burma Act, 1935.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to repeal section seventeen of the statute 27 Hen.

8. c. 26, to remove doubt as to the right of Welsh speaking persons to testify in the Welsh language in courts of justice in Wales, and to enable rules to be made for the administration of oaths and affirmations in that language, and for the provision, employment, and payment, of interpreters in such courts.

[22nd October 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Whereas doubt has been entertained whether section seventeen of the statute 27 Hen. 8. c. 26 unduly restricts the right of Welsh speaking persons to use the Welsh language in courts of justice in Wales, now, therefore, the said section is hereby repealed, and it is hereby enacted that the Welsh language may be used in any court in Wales by any party or witness who considers that he would otherwise be at any disadvantage by reason of his natural language of communication being Welsh.

2. The Lord Chancellor may make rules prescribing a translation in the Welsh language of any form for the time being prescribed by law as the form of any oath or affirmation to be administered and taken or made by any person in any court, and an oath or affirmation administered and taken or made in any court in Wales in the translation prescribed by such rules shall, without interpretation, be of the like effect as if it had been administered and taken or made in the English language.

3. — (1) The Lord Chancellor may, with the consent of the Treasury, make rules as to the provision and employment of interpreters of the Welsh and English languages for the purposes

Short title and construction.

Repeal of 27 Hen. 8. c. 26, s. 17, and removal of doubt as to use of Welsh language.

Administration of oaths and affirmations in the Welsh language.

Provisions as to interpretation and records.

236 Ch. 40 & Ch. 1. Welsh Courts 5 & 6 Geo. 6. Act, 1942. of proceedings before courts in Wales, and for the payment of remuneration in respect of their services, in accordance with such scales as may be prescribed by the rules, out of the same fund as the expenses of the court are payable. (2) The records of all proceedings in courts in Wales shall continue to be kept in the English language and, subject to the provisions of the last foregoing section and of any rules made .under this section, the judge or chairman in any such proceedings shall require any part of the proceedings spoken or written in the Welsh language to be translated into the English language unless, in his opinion, the translation thereof is not necessary for securing

the due and public administration of justice.

Short title and 4. — (i) This Act may be cited as the Welsh Courts Act, 1942.

extent.

Continuance of Acts in Schedule. (2) For the purposes of this Act, Monmouthshire shall be deemed to form part of Wales. 1 6 & 7 Geo. 6. CHAPTER 1. An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[17th December 1942.] T^ WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act ▼ V are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire— (a) as respects those mentioned in Part I of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and forty-two, and (b) as respects that mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and forty-three: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same : Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— 1. — (1) The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and forty-three.

1942.

Expiring Laws Continuance

Act, 1942. Ch. 1.

237

(2) The Act mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and forty-four.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1942.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

I. 2. 3- 4-

Session and Chapter. Short title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(1)

4 Edw. 7. The Wireless Tele- The whole Act 6 Edw. 7. c. 13.

c. 24. (2) graphy Act, 1904. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 67. 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 54.

2 &3 Geo. 5. c. 2. The Coal Mines (Minimum Wage) Act, 1912. The whole Act

(3)

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 92. (4) 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 97* (5) 20 & 21 Geo. 5- c. 34- The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. Section one -

The Land Settlement (Scotland) Act, 1919. Section two - 12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 52.

The Coal Mines Act, 1930. Part I - 1 & 2 Geo. 6 c. 52.

Short title and application to Northern Ireland.

Section 1.

Ch. i. Expiring Laws Continuance 6 & 7 Geo. 6.

Act, 1942.

I. 2. 3* 4-

Session and Chapter. Short title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

(6)

20 & 21 Geo. The Public Works The following provi- —

5. c. 50. Facilities Act, 1930. sions, that is to say, section two, except the words "or statutory undertakers ", wherever those words occur; in section three, the words from the beginning of the section to the word *' undertaking "; section five; subsections (1) and (2) of section six; sections seven and eight; and the First Schedule except paragraph 2 of Part I.

(7)

24 & 25 Geo. The Cotton Manu- Sections one and two —

5. c. 30. (8) 24 & 25 Geo. facturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934.

The Debts Clearing The whole Act —

5- c. 31. Offices and Im-

port Restrictions Act, 1934.

(9) 24 & 25 Geo.

The Road Traffic Section one - i Edw. 8.

5. c. 50. (10) 2 & 3 Geo. 6. Act, 1934. i Geo. 6. c. 5.

The Prevention of The whole Act —

c. 50. Violence (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939.

Part II.

(11)

1 Edw. 8. & The Special Areas The whole Act —

1 Geo. 6. (Amendment)

c. 31. Act, 1937.

1942.

Supreme Court

(Northern Ireland) Act, 1942. Ch. 2.

239

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide for the amendment of enactments relating to the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland to correspond with alterations in county court jurisdiction made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and to make further provision as respects rules and orders relating to the said Supreme Court.

[17th December 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. — (1) Section five of the Common Law Procedure Amendment Act, Ireland, 1870 (which provides for the removal from the High Court to the county court of actions of contract in which the amount claimed or remaining in dispute does not exceed fifty pounds) shall, as from the date on which any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland comes into operation altering the amount by reference to which the jurisdiction of a county court in such actions is limited by section thirty-five of the Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1851, have effect as if a reference to the last-mentioned amount as so altered were substituted for any reference to fifty pounds.

(2) Section two of the Civil Bill Courts (Ireland) Act, 1874 (which provides for the removal to the High Court from the county court of actions in which the title to land or hereditaments of greater annual value than thirty pounds comes in question) shall, as from the date on which any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland comes into operation altering the amount by reference to which the jurisdiction of a county court in such actions is limited by section one of that Act, have effect as if a reference to the last-mentioned amount as so altered were substituted for the reference to thirty pounds.

(3) As from the date on which any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland comes into operation amending, so as to alter the jurisdiction thereby conferred, any provision conferring equity jurisdiction on a county court—

(a) any reference in Part II of the County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877, to the jurisdiction conferred by that Part of that Act on a county court shall be construed as including a reference to the jurisdiction conferred by the said provision as so amended; and

Amendment of High Court Acts to correspond with

alterations in county court jurisdiction.

33 & 34 Vict. c. 109.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57.

37 dc 38 Vict c. 66.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 56.

240

Ch. 2.

Supreme Court

(Northern Ireland) Act, 1942.

6 & 7 Geo. 6.

Amendments as to rules of court, &c.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 57.

(b) the reference in section forty-five of that Act to the jurisdiction conferred upon the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland by the said Part of that Act shall be construed as including a reference to the jurisdiction conferred upon him by section forty-three of that Act as amended by the foregoing provisions of this subsection.

In this subsection the expression "provision conferring equity jurisdiction on a county court" means any provision of the said Part II which confers jurisdiction on a county court and any provision of any subsequent enactment which confers jurisdiction on a county court and applies to that jurisdiction the provisions of the said Part II.

(4) No amendment made in any enactment by the foregoing provisions of this section shall affect any proceedings taken or had in any court before that amendment comes into operation, and any such proceedings may be continued as if the amendment had not been made.

2. — (1) Any rule or order to which this section applies made after the commencement of this Act shall be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after it is made.

(2) If either House of Parliament, within the period of forty days beginning with the day on which any such rule or order is laid before it, resolves that the rule or order be annulled, it shall thereupon become void, without prejudice however to the validity of anything previously done thereunder, or to the making of a new rule or order.

(3) In reckoning any such period of forty days as aforesaid, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(4) Where any rule or order to which this section applies has been made before the commencement of this Act—

(a) if, before the commencement of this Act, the rule or

order has not been laid before Parliament in pursuance of section sixty-nine of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply thereto in lieu of the provisions of the said section sixty-nine, as if the rule or order had been made immediately after the commencement of this Act; and

(b) if, before the commencement of this Act, the rule or

order has been so laid and no address has been presented to His Majesty under the said section sixty-nine, but the hundred days within which such an address may be presented have not expired, subsections (2) and (3)

1942.

Supreme Court

(Northern Ireland) Act, 1942. Ch. 2.

241

of this section shall apply to the rule or order as if it had been made and laid before Parliament immediately after the commencement of this Act, and the provisions of the said section sixty-nine shall cease to apply thereto.

(5) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893 (which requires notice to be given of a proposal to make statutory rules) shall not apply to rules or orders to which this section applies made after the commencement of this Act.

(6) This section applies to the following rules and orders, namely—

(a) rules of court made, whether under section sixty-one of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877, or otherwise, by the authority for the time being empowered to make rules of court under the said section sixty-one, and on the recommendation of the persons on whose recommendation rules of court are made under that section;

(b) rules and orders made under sections seven and thirty-

nine of the said Act (which relate to the practice in certain proceedings before the Chancery judge);

(r) orders made by the Governor of Northern Ireland in Council or the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland under section sixty-two of the said Act (which relates to circuits and assizes);

(d) orders made under section eighty-four of the said Act (which relates to court fees).

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court (Northern Ireland) Act, 1942.

(2) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment (whether of the Parliament of the United Kingdom or the Parliament of Northern Ireland) or Order in Council.

(3) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

Q

56 & 57 Vict, c. 66.

Short title, interpretation and repeals.

242

Section 3.

Power to enable preparatory action to be taken with respect to persons about

Ch. 2, 3. Supreme Court 6 & 7 Geo. 6.

(Northern Ireland) Act, 1942.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

40 & 41 Vict. The Supreme Court of In section seven, the

c. 57- t J udicature Act (Ireland), 1877. words " All rules " to " Act provided "; in section sixty-one, the words from " All rules ", where they first occur, to " Act provided "; in section sixty-two, the words from " All Orders " to '* Act provided "; section sixty-nine; in section eighty-four, the words from " All orders "

to " Act provided ".

20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Criminal Appeal In subsection (1) of section

c. 45- (Northern Ireland) Act, sixteen, the words from

1930. " and, for the purposes " to " Parliament."

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to authorise the making of preparatory arrangements for the calling up of male persons who are about to become liable to be called up for service under the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, to simplify the making of proclamations for the purposes of those Acts, and to amend the provisions of those Acts relating to exemptions.

[17th December 1942.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows;—

1. — (1) The Minister may from time to time by public notice require male persons who have attained such age as may be specified in the notice (not being less than seventeen years and eight months), being persons who if they had attained the requisite age would have become liable under the principal Act to be called

1942.

National Service Act, 1942. Ch. 3.

243

up for service in the armed forces of the Crown, to be registered to become for such service notwithstanding that they have not yet become to b liable to be so called up. called up.

(2) References in this section, and in the principal Acts as amended by this section, to persons subject to registration shall be construed as references to all persons, including persons who have been registered, who for the time being are liable under the principal Act to be called up for service or who, having been required to be registered by virtue of a notice under this section, would for the time being be liable to be so called up if they had attained the requisite age.

(3) The provisions of the principal Acts specified in the first column of the Schedule to this Act (which relate to the procedure to be followed before persons are called up for service and to consequential matters) shall apply to all persons subject to registration and accordingly those provisions shall have effect subject to the’ amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule.

2. Any proclamation made after the commencement of this Power to make Act under section one of the principal Act, rendering persons who proclamations at the date of the proclamation have attained such age (not being S^ons who* less than eighteen years) as may be specified in the proclamation subsequently liable to be called up for service, may direct that any person who attain specified attains that age on any subsequent date shall on that date age-become liable to be called up for service as if the proclamation had been made on that date.

3. — (1) If arrangements are made on behalf of His Majesty Amendments with respect to any part of His Majesty’s dominions outside to Great Britain, or any British protectorate, any mandated exemptions-territory, or any other country or territory being a country or territory under His Majesty’s protection or suzerainty, for the purpose of excluding from exemption under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section eleven of the principal Act any class of persons so exempted as being nationals or citizens of that part or persons bom or domiciled in that part, protectorate, country, or territory, then, notwithstanding anything in subsection (5) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, or in 2 & 3 Geo. 6. section one of the National Service (No. 2) Act, 1941, His c*62. Majesty may give effect to the arrangements by Defence Regulations made under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Acts 1939 and 1940.

In this subsection the expression "arrangements " means, in relation to any Dominion or to India or Burma, arrangements made with His Majesty’s Government in that Dominion or with the Government of India or of Burma, as the case may be; and the expression "Dominion " has the same meaning as in the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939.

R

Ch. 3.

National Service Act, 1942.

6 & 7 Geo. 6.

244

(2) A person being an officer holding an unpaid commission in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve (Sea Cadet Corps), an officer of the Territorial Army Reserve of Officers commissioned for service with the Army Cadet Force, or a commissioned officer of the Training Branch of the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve, shall not be exempt as being a member of any of His Majesty’s forces from liability under the principal Acts to be called up for service.

Amendment of Act by Defence Regulations. 3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 20.

4. Paragraph (d) of subsection (2) and subsection (4) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939, as amended by subsection (2) of section one of the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1940, shall have effect as if this Act had been passed before the commencement of the last mentioned Act.

Interpretation, 5. — (1) In this Act the expressions " the principal Act " and

short title and •* the principal Acts " mean respectively the National Service *2 & 3GC0 6 (Armed Forces) Act, 1939, as amended by or under any c. 81. enactment, and the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941, as

so amended; and other expressions have the same meaning as in the principal Acts.

(2) This Act may be cited as the National Service Act, 1942, and this Act and the principal Acts may be dted together as the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1942.

SCHEDULE.

Amendments of National Service Acts, 1939 to 1941.

The National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939.

Section. Amendment.

Section 2 In subsection (1), subsection (2) and subsection (6) for the words "liable under this Act to be called up for service " there shall be substituted the words "subject to registration ". In subsection (7) and subsection (9) for the words "is liable under this Act to be called up for service" there shall be substituted the words "remains subject to registration ".

Ch. 3.

245

1942.

Section, Section 3

Section 5

Section 6

Section 14

Section 1

National Service Act, 1942.

Amendment.

.. In subsection (1) and subsection (6) for the words "liable under this Act to be called up for service", and in subsection (1) for the words "liable to be called up for service ", there shall be substituted the words "subject to registration ".

In subsection (1) and subsection (7) for the words "liable under this Act to be called up for service" there shall be substituted the words "subject to registration ".

In subsection (6) after the word "liable ", and in subsections (9) and (10) after the word "liable " where that word occurs for the second time in each of those subsections there shall be inserted the words "or prospectively liable ".

At the end of subsection (6) there shall be added the words "Provided that in relation to any person who, by reason of his age, has not yet become liable under this Act to be called up for service, any condition imposed under paragraph (b) of this subsection shall be suspended until he attains an age at which he would have become so liable".

.. In subsection (1) and subsection (5) for the words "liable under this Act to be called up for service" there shall be substituted the words "subject to registration "; and in subsection (1) for the word "thereunder " there shall be substituted the words "under this Act" and for the words "liability to be so called up " there shall be substituted the words "liability under this Act to be called up for service ".

In subsection (4) after the words "by reason of their having " there shall be inserted the words "become subject to registration or having".

The National Service Act, 1941.

.. In subsection (2) for the words "liable to be called

up for civil defence " there shall be substituted the words "subject to registration ".

In subsection (3) for the words "persons for the time being liable under that Act to be called up for service, and to liability to be so called up " there shall be substituted the words "persons subject to registration, and to liability under that Act to be called up for service ".

246

Ch. 3.

National Service Act, 1942.

6 & 7 Geo. 6.

Section. Section 6 Amendment. ... In subsection (1) after the word "liable" where that word occurs for the first time, and in subsection (3) after the word " liable " there shall be inserted the words "or prospectively liable

Section 7 ... In subsection (1) and subsection (2) after the word "liable", wherever that word occurs, there shall be inserted the words "or prospectively liable ".

TABLE II

A

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST

OF

THE SHORT TITLES OF THE MEASURES

Passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the Year

1942.

& 6 Geo. 6.

No. i. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1942. No. 2. The Loans (Postponement of Repayment) Measure, 1942.

S

ii

Nos. I, 2.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners 5 & 6 Geo. 6. (Powers) Measure, 1942.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners may make certain grants and payments by Resolution instead of by Instrument.

Grants may be so made from date antecedent to passing of Measure.

Short title.

Definition.

Postponement of repayment of principal moneys of loans to incumbents.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To empower the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to pay certain grants on the sole authority of, a resolution of the Commissioners.

[29th April 1942.]

1. Any grant by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners voted in the form of a temporary stipend or as a lump sum towards providing for the cure of souls in any parish or place in any diocese in the Provinces of Canterbury or York may be made on the sole authority of a resolution of a General Meeting of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

2. The said authority shall suffice for any such grant not already authorised notwithstanding that the grant was voted or takes effect prior to the passing of this Measure.

3. This Measure may be cited as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1942.

No. 2.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To give Queen Anne’s Bounty power during a period of emergency to postpone the repayment of principal moneys of loans made by them under certain Acts and Measures and for purposes connected therewith.

[6th August 1942.]

1. In this Measure the expression "period of emergency" means a period during which a state of war may exist between His Majesty and any foreign power and a period of two years thereafter.

2. —(1) During the present period of emergency Queen Anne’s Bounty may, by resolution passed at a board meeting and on the application of the incumbent of a benefice to whom, or to whose predecessor, a loan has been or shall be made by Queen Anne’s Bounty under the provisions of the Acts and Measures specified in the Schedule hereto, or any one or more of them, postpone from time to time the repayment of annual instalments of principal money for a period (hereinafter called a " period of

1942, Loans (Postponement of Repayment) No. 2.

Measure 1942.

postponement ")not exceeding in the whole five years if in their opinion such postponement is desirable and equitable having regard to all the circumstances, and in particular to the income and liabilities of the incumbent in respect of his benefice and to the condition, at the time of the application, of the buildings or improvements for which the loan was made, and this power shall apply notwithstanding any extension of the original mortgage term under statutory powers.

(2) A period of postponement shall run from the last or from such earlier date on which an instalment of principal money became due as Queen Anne's Bounty may decide, and the postponement shall not affect the payment or recovery of arrears of principal or interest which became due before that date.

(3) During the continuance of a period of postponement the incumbent for the time being shall remain liable for interest on the full amount of principal money outstanding.

(4) If an incumbent to whom a period of postponement has been granted vacates his benefice before the last year of that period has begun to run, that period of postponement shall cease on the date for repayment of an instalment of principal money occurring next after the date of vacation, unless Queen Anne's Bounty, on the application of the new incumbent, shall decide that the period of postponement shall continue.

(5) At the expiration or sooner determination of a period of postponement, the amount of principal money then outstanding shall become repayable, with interest, as if a loan of that amount had then been made to the incumbent for the time being for a term of years equal to the original term or, if an extension shall have been granted under statutory powers, to the extended term, less the number of years which had expired when a period erf postponement began to run; and the mortgage deed shall be read and construed accordingly.

3. Where under section two of this Measure a period of postponement has been granted to an incumbent to whose benefice the Queen Anne’s Bounty (Powers) Measure, 1937, applies, Queen Anne's Bounty shall make such revision and adjustment of subsequent quarterly payments in accordance with section six of that Measure as may be necessary to give due effect to the period of postponement.

4. The provisions of section two of this Measure shall apply mutatis mutandis to loans made by Queen Anne’s Bounty to:—

(a) a bishop under the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1836, and the Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence Act, 1842;

Application to quarterly payments.

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6. No. 1.

Application to certain other loans.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 77.

5 & 6 Vict, c. 26.

iv

3 & 4 Vict, c. 113.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 42.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. No. 3.

Duration.

Short title.

Section 2.

17 Geo. 3. c. 53-21 Geo. 3. c. 66.

7 Geo. 4. c. 66.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 23.

28 & 29 Vict. c. 69.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 42. 20 Geo. 5. No. 1.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. No. r.

No. 2. Loans (Postponement of Repayment) 5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Measure, 1942.

(b) a dean or canon under the provisions of section fifty-nine

of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, and the Loans (Incumbents of Benefices) Amendment Act, 1918; and

(c) a Cathedral Chapter under the provisions of section five

of the Cathedrals (Amendment) Measure, 1934, and the Acts therein mentioned.

5. This Measure shall expire at the termination of the present period of emergency but without prejudice to anything already done or provided for hereunder.

6. This Measure may be cited as the Loans (Postponement of Repayment) Measure, 1942.

SCHEDULE.

The Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1776.

The Clergy Residences Repair Act, 1780.

The Clergy Residence Act, 1826.

The Parsonages Act, 1838.

The Parsonages Act, 1865.

The Loans (Incumbents of Benefices) Amendment Act, 1918. The Parsonages Measure, 1930.

The Parsonages Measure, 1938.

TABLE III.

SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE LEGISLATION OF 1942.

ACTS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED, AMENDED OR OTHERWISE AFFECTED BY ENACTMENTS OF 5 & 6 AND (IN PART) 6 & 7 GEO. 6.

[Note.—References in the fourth column are to chapters of 5 & 6 Geo. 6 unless otherwise stated. A table of the effect of Defence Regulations upon statutes is printed in the volumes of Defence Regulations prepared in the Office of the Parliamentary Counsel and periodically published by H.M. Stationery

Session Short title Chapter of 1942

and or How affected. Act or number

Chapter. Subject. of Measure.

27 Hen. 8 : c. 26 1 Geo. i, st. 2 : Laws in Wales S. 17 repealed 40.

c. 38 17 Geo. 3 : Septennial Act, 1715 ... Amended (temp.) 37. s. 1.

c. 53 Clergy Residences Repair Ss. 1, 12, &c., loan repay- C.A.M. No. 2.

Act, 1776. ment postponement.

21 Geo. 3 :

c. 66 Clergy Residences Re- Loan repayment postpone- C.A.M. No. 2.

pair Act, 1780. ment.

38 Geo. 3 :

c. 5 Land Tax Act, 1797 ... S. 8 amended 21, s. 42, sch. 10

Part II, paras. T O

6 Geo. 4 : O'

c. 81 Excise Licences Act, 1825 S. 14 repealed 21, ss. 16, 49 (7) (8), sch. 12.

7 Geo. 4 :

c. 66 Clergy Residence Act, Loan repayment postpone- C.A.M. No. 2.

1826. ment.

1 & 2 Will. 4 :

c. 33 Public Works (Ireland) Commrs. of Public Works 23, ss. 1 (1) (a)

Act, 1831. in I. dissolved and powers (b), 6 (1) (c)

transferred. (2) (3) (5) (prosp.).

6 & 7 Will. 4 :

c. 2$ Government Offices Se- S. 1 amended* 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Parts II and III

curity Act, 1836.

c. 77 Ecclesiastical Commis- Loan repayment postpone- C.A.M. No. 2.

sioners Act, 1836. ment.

• As from Jan. i, 1943, when th« Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 1943 No. 1) took effect.

T

vi

Effect of Legislation.

« & 6 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1942 Act or number of Measure.

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 23 Parsonages Act, 1838 ... Ss. 1, 3, &c., loan repayment postponement. C.A.M. No. 2..

c. 61 Government Offices Security Act, 1838. S. 1 amended* 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Part III.

3 & 4 Vict. :

c. 113 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840. S. 83 extended (grants by resolution). S. 59, loan repayment postponement. C.A.M. No. 1. C.A.M. No. 2.

5 & 6 Vict. :

c. 26 Ecclesiastical Houses of Loan repayment postpone- C.A.M. No. 2, s. 4

of Residence Act, 1842. ment. («)•

9 & 10 Vict. :

c. 86 Public Works (Ireland) Commrs. dissolved and 23, ss. 1 (1)

(No. 2) Act, 1846. powers transferred. (b). 6 (1) (2) (3) (5) (prosp.).

11 & 12 Vict. :

c. 92 Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1848. S. 1, Commrs. of Public Works in I. .dissolved. 2Z,s\6(s)(prosp.).

14 & 15 Vict. :

c. 42 Crown Lands Act, 1851 Ss. 1, 15, 17, &c., superseded or modified on replacement of Commrs. of Works. 23 (prosp.).

22 & 23 Vict. :

c. 40 Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) Act, 1859. S. 5 extended (temp.) 18.

28 & 29 Vict. :

c. 69 Parsonages Act, 1865 ... Loan repayment postponement. C.A.M. No. 2.

c. 89 Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865. S. 20 extended and amended 35-

29 & 30 Vict. :

C. Ill Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1866. S. 5 extended (grants by resolution). C.A.M. No. 1.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c- 37 Documentary Evidence Act, 1868. Applied, sch. extended 23. s. 5 (4)-

c. 72 Promissory Oaths Act, 1868. Sch. Part I extended (Min. of Works and Planning). 23, s. 2.

32 & 33 Vict. :

c. 74 Public Works (Ireland) Commrs. of Public Works 23, ss. 1 (1) (a)

Act, 1869. in I. dissolved, functions transferred, &c. (b). 6 (1) (d) (2) (3) (c) (5). 7 (2) (prosp.).

33 & 34 Vict. :

c. 46 Landlord and Tenant Part III (ss. 42-56), 23. s. 6 (5)

(Ireland) Act, 1870. Commrs. of Public Works in I. dissolved. (prosp.).

c. 71 National Debt Act, 1870 Ss. 22, 25, Part VI (ss. 43-9) and in part ss. 23-4 repealed, ss. 5, 31, 33, 41, 51, 70 and with saving, ss. 53, 55 amended.f 21, ss. 47-8. sch. 11 Parts II, III.

c. 109 Common Law Procedure Amendment Act, Ireland, 1870. S. 5 amended (Jan. 1, 1943) [6 & 7 Geo. 6] 2, s. 1 (1).

* As from Jan. i. 1943. when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 1943 No. 1) took effect,

t The prospecti\e repeals, &c., operate from Jan. 1, 1943, when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943

S.R. & O 1943 No. 1) took effect.

A.D. 1942.

Effect of Legislation,

vu

Session Short title

and or How affected.

Chapter. Subject.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. $6 Civil Bill Courts (Ire- S. 2 amended (Jan. 1,1943)

c. 84 land) Act, 1874. Works and Public Build- S. 2, Ac.,functions and

ings Act, 1874. property transferred to Min. of Works and Plan-

ning (a corporation sole).

40 & 41 Vict.:

C. 2 Treasury Bills Act, 1877 S. 6 excluded

c. 56 County Officers and Courts (Ireland) Act, 1877. S. 57 saved

S. 41, Commrs. of Public Works in I. dissolved. S. 45 and Part II extended

c. 57 Supreme Court of Judi- Ss. 69 repealed, 7, 61-2, 84

cature Act (Ireland), 1877- amended.

41 & 42 Vict. :

c. 43 Marriage Notice (Scot- Ss. 7, 10 (a) amended, 16 applied : power to alter

land) Act, 1878.

schedules by order (see S.R. A O. 1942 No. 1169 for sch. A).

43 & 44 Vict. :

c. 19 Taxes Management Act, Ss. 83 (1), 103, 114 (11) (12)

1880. amended (land tax).

c. 39 County Court Jurisdic- Amended [Jan. 1, 1943] ...

tion in Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1880.

44 A45 Vict. :

c. 55 National Debt Act, 1881 S. 3 amended*

c. 58 (as amended). Army Act Ss. 47 (2) (c), 70 (1) (ee) (7) added, 46 (1), 47 (1) (5),

56 (4). 137 (2), 138 (1)

amended; reprinting suspended.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 9 Documentary Evidence Applied (Min. of Works and

Act, 1882. Planning).

c. 17 Customs and Inland Re- Commrs. of Public Works

venue Buildings (Ire- in I. dissolved and pro-

land) Act, 1882. perty transferred.

c. 38 Settled Land Act, 1882 S. 65 (9), Commrs. dissolved S. 65 (7) : see

c. 61 Bills of Exchange Act, "Cheque " and " banker "

1882. extended.

46 & 47 Vict. :

c. 54 National Debt Act, 1883 S. 8 (8) amended*

Chapter of 1942 Act or number of Measure.*#

[6 & 7 Geo. 6] 2, s. 1 (2) (4). 23, ss. 1. 5 (1). 6, &c.

12, s. 3 (2); 22, s. 2 (2); 27, s. 2 (2); 33, s. 2 (2); 34. s. 2 (2).

13, ss. 10, 14 (2)

(«).

23. s. 6 (5)

(prosp.).

[6 & 7 Geo. 6] 2,

»• (3) (4).

[6 & 7 Geo. 6] 2, ss. 2, 3 (3), sch.

21, s. 42, sch. 10 Part II paras.

3. 4-[6 & 7 Geo. 6] 2,

»• 1 (3) (4).

21, s. 47, sch. II Part III.

15. ss. 3 (1) (2) (4). 4 (1) (2). 5* 6.

23. s. 5 U)-

23, ss. 1 (1) (a)

(6). 6 (1)

(2) (3) (5) (prosp.).

23. s. 6 (5).

[6 & 7 Geo. 6] 2, s. 1 (3) (4).

x, s. 55 (Pembrokeshire C.C.).

21, s. 47, sch. 11 Part III.

* A* from Jan. 1, 1943, when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 1943 No. 1) took effect.

viii

Effect of Legislation.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1942 Act or number of Measure.

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 32 Royal Military Asylum Property, &c., of Commrs. 23, ss. 1 (1) (a).

Chelsea (Transfer) Act, of Works transferred to 6 (1) (a) (6) (3)

50 & 51 Vict.: 1884. Min. of Works and Planning. (c) (4) (prosp.).

c. 16 National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. 1 S. 8 (5) amended* 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Parts II, III.

52 & 53 Vict.:

c. 4 National Debt Redemption Act, 1889. S. 5 (3) amended* 21. s. 47, sch. 11 Part III.

c: 6 National Debt Act, 1889 S. 4 (6) amended* 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Part II.

c. 49 Arbitration Act, 1889... Excluded 9. s. 4 (5).

53 & 54 Vict.:

c. 8 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1890. S. 2 applied 25, s. 2 (2)-(4).

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 24 Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891. S. 2 extended 27, s. 3.

55 & 56 Vict. :

c. 39 National Debt (Stock- Ss. 5 in part repealed, 8 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Parts I-III.

holders' Relief) Act, 1892. amended.*

56 & 57 Vict.:

c. 66 Rules Publication Act, 1893- S. 1 excluded 23, s. 6 (8); 28, s- 5 (1); 30. s. 2 (2); [6 & 7 Geo. 6] 2, s- 2 (5).

59 & 60 Vict. :

c. 28 Finance Act, 1896 S. 32 amended. Part VI (land tax) extended. 21, ss. 42, 43 (3) (4), sch. 10 Part II.

3 Edw. 7 :

c. 6 Naval Forces Act, 1903 S. 1 excluded 18.

c. 25 Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903- S. 22 modified, s. 21 applied 21, s. 10, sch. 6 Part II para. 11. 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Parts II, III.

c. 37 Irish Land Act, 1903 ... S. 31 amended*

4 Edw. 7 :

c. 21 Capital Expenditure (Money) Act, 1904- Extended 24, s. 1 (4).

7 Edw. 7:

c. 29 Patents and Designs Act, 1907. Ss. 18 (7). 29 (IA) (IB) (3A), 91B, 91c, 91D added, 18 (6), 29 (2) amended, 65, sch. 1 excluded, s. 91D (2) explained; provision for reprinting. 6.

8 Edw. 7 :

c. 63 Education (Scotland) Act, 1908. S. 6 repealed and substituted. 5-

* As from Jan. i, > i943« when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 1943 No. x) took effect.

A.D. 1942.

Effect of Legislation.

ix

Session Short title Chapter of 1942

and . or How affected. Act or number

Chapter. Subject. of Measure.

10 Edw. 7 & i

Geo. 5:

c. 8 Finance (1909-10) Act, Ss. 45 amended and saved. 21, ss. 12-3, 14

1910. 74 amended. (5). 44-

c. 24 Licensing (Consolidation) Applied as modified, &c. 21, s. 10, • sch. 6 Part I.

Act, 1910. (effect of war circumstances); ss. 23 (2) (a) excluded, 20-1, 29-32, 47, &c., extended.

i & 2 Geo. 5 :

c. 26 Telephone Transfer Act, S. 5 extended 24. s- 1 (5)-

I9II.

c. 48 Finance Act, 1911 S. 17 repealed* 21, s. 47, sch. 11

Part III.

3 & 4 Geo. 5 :

c. 20 Bankruptcy (Scotland) S. 118 extended 21, s. 20 (4).

c. 32 Act, 1913. Ancient Monuments Transfer of functions, &c. 23, ss. i (1) (a)

Consolidation and of Commrs. of Works to (b), 6, 7 (2).

Amendment Act, 1913. Min. of Works and Planning.

4 & 5 Geo. 5 :

c. 59 Bankruptcy Act, 1914... S. 33 extended 21, s. 20 (1).

c. 68 Education (Scotland) Repealed 5. s. 2.

(Provision of Meals) Act, 1914.

5 & 6 Geo. 5 :

c. 93 War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915. Saved, s. 1 (3) amended*... 21, s. 47 (2) (4). sch. 11 Part

III.

7 & 8 Geo. 5 :

c. 31 Finance Act, 1917 S. 37 (i)-(3) (5) repealed. 21, s. 47, sch. 11

(4) amended.* Parts II, III.

— Air Force Act (as amen- Ss. 47 (2) (c), 70 (1) (ee) (7) 15. ss. 3 (3) (4),

ded). added, 56 (4), 137 (2), 138 (1) amended. 4-6.

8 & 9 Geo. 5 :

c. 15 Finance Act, 1918 S. 38 (5) amended* 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Part II.

c. 40 Income Tax Act, 1918... Ss. 159 repealed, 98,108 (2), 21, Part III (ss.

134, 156, 168 and (except 21-35), and ss.

as applied to woodlands) 42, 49, schs. 10

rule 5 of Rules applic. to Sch. B virtually repealed; ss. 150, 153, 175-6, 197 superseded; Part I and 12.

ss. 122 (2), 162 and defn. of " assessable value " in

Sch. B amended; ss. 131,

139 extended, 236 applied; assessment, collection, &c. simplified; Ulster and colonial savings

certificates, &c., and tax reserve certificates ex-

empted from tax; powers of additional commrs. and of assessors exer-

cisable singly; time for assessments, proceedings, &c., extended where fraud or wilful default,

&c.

* As from Jan. i, 1943, when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 2943 No. z) took effect.

X

Effect of Legislation.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1942 Act or number of Measure.

8 A 9 Geo. 5 :

c. 42 Loans (Incumbents of Loan repayment postpone- C.A.M. No. 2, ss. 2, 4 (b), sch.

Benefices) Amendment Act, 1918. ment.

c. 57 10 A 11 Geo. 5 : War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1918. S. 9 extended 8.

c. 18 Finance Act, 1920 Ss. 3, 18 (2) amended, sch. 1 Part I substituted. 21, SS. 2, 23. sch. 2.

c. 67 Government of Ireland Act, 1920. S. 14 (4) amended (on resolution passed Nov. 25, 1942)- 37. »• 2.

11 A 12 Geo. 5 :

c. 32 Finance Act, 1921 Ss. 48 repealed,* 51, sch. 3 para. 1* and s. 64 amended. 21. SS. 43 (3) (4). 47 (2), sch. 11 Parts II, III.

12 A 13 Geo. 5 :

c. 17 Finance Act, 1922 S. 28 amended, s. 28 (2) saved. 21, ss. 30, 31 (6).

13 A 14 Geo. 5 :

c. 9 Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923. Ss. 9, 10, 16 (2) amended ... 13. *• 2 (3); st* also s. 7 (2).

c. 14 Finance Act, 1923 S. 28 extended 21, s. 27.

14 A 15 Geo. 5 :

c. 21 Finance Act, 1924 S. 12 (1) (b)applied 21, s. 11 (2).

c. 24 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924. S. 4 continued 25. s. 5.

15 A 16 Geo. 5 :

c. 21 Land Registration Act, 1925. S. 144 saved 28, sch. 1 para. 5 (<>)•

c. 56 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925. Ss. 5, 7 continued »5. s- 5-

16 A 17 Geo. 5 :

c. 22 Finance Act, 1926 Ss. 33 (4) (6) and proviso 21. ss. 5 (3) (4). 7. 28 (4) (6). 42. 49 (8), sch. 10 Part I para. 4 (2) and sch. 12.

repealed, s. 25 (2) virt. repealed, 7 (1) extended.

c. 40 Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926. Saved 39, ss. 5 (2), 6 (1).

c. 56 Housing (Rural Workers^ Act, 1926. Ss. 2 (2) (c), 4 amended; time for applications extended. 32.

17 A 18 Geo. 5 :

c. 10 18 & 19 Geo. 5 : Finance Act, 1927 Ss. 6, 29 amended 21, ss. 4, 28 (4) (6).

c. 17 19 A 20 Geo. 5 Finance Act, 1928 Ss. 34 repealed ;* 23 (4) modified. 21. ss. 45 (2), 47 (2), sch. 11 Part III.

c. 23 Companies Act, 1929 ... Ss. 78, 264 extended 21, s. 20 (2) (3) (5).

• As from Jan. i, 1943, when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. ft O. 1943 No. if took efieet.

A.D. 1942.

Effect of Legislation.

xi

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1942 Act or number of Measure.

20 & 21 Geo. 5 :

C. I Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1929. S. 3 continued 25, s. 5.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1930 Ss. 50 repealed*; 24 applied as amended, 48 excluded. 21, ss. 42, 46, 47 (2), sch. 10 Part I paras. 4 (2), 13, sch. 11 Part III.

c. 34 Coal Mines Act, 1930 ... Part I (schemes) continued [6 & 7 Geo. 6] 1.

c. 45 Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930. S. 16 (1) amended [6 Sc.7 Geo. 6] 2, ss. 2, 3 (3), sch.

21 & 22 Geo. 5 :

c. 16 Ancient Monuments Act, 1931. S. 8, Commrs. replaced by Min. of Works and Planning (a corporation sole). 23. ss- 1. 5 (i)» 6, Ac.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1931 S. 37 (3) repealed 21, s. 42, sch. 10 Part I para. 10 (2), Part II para. 7 (2).

22 & 23 Geo. 5 :

c. 22 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932. S. 15 (1) (3) excluded 15, ss. 2 (2), 6.

c. 48 Town and Country Planning Act, 1932. Transfer of functions of Min. of Health to Min. of Works and Planning, except those under ss. 32, 51 and 55 (see S.R. & O. 1942 No. 1313). 23, ss. 1 (1) (c), 6 (1) (e) (3) (6)-

c. 53 Ottawa Agreements Act, 1932. S. 4 (1) extended (tobacco) 21, s. 5 (3) (4)-

23 & 24 Geo. 5 :

c. 6 Visiting Forces (British Commonwealth) Act, 1933- S. 2 (2) further applied ... 29. s. 5 (2-).

c. 14 London Passenger Transport Act, 1933. Applied and excluded, s. 39 (2) extended (London Transport guaranteed stock). xi.

24 & 25 Geo. 5 :

c. 14 Arbitration Act, 1934 • Excluded save as applied by rules. 9. s- 4 (5)-

c. 53 25 & 26 Geo. 5 : County Courts Act, 1934 S. hi saved 13, s. 10.

c. 24 Finance Act, 1935 Ss. 1, 2 (7) ( d(temp.), 30 (5)* amended. 13 (i)-(3) applied. 21, ss. 6, 8, 10, 47, sch. 5, sch. 6 Part I, sch. 11 Part III.

c. 40 Housing Act, 1935 S. 37 (1) (2), time further extended. 32-

c. 41 Housing (Scotland) Act, I935- S. 34 (1) (2), time further extended. 32.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8 :

c. 2 Government of India Act, 1935. S. 202 (3) added; reprinting provisions. Ss. 298 (2) (a) substituted. 298 (4) added, 317 (1) and sch. 9 (s. 63E) amended, s. 93 (3) excluded; reprinting provision. 7- 39, ss. 1-4, 6.

* As from Jam x, 1543, when the Govenmwat Stock Regulatioas, 1943 (S.R. A O. 1943 No. 1) took ©fleet.

Effect of Legislation.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

xii

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1942 Act or number of Measure.

26 Geo. 5 1 Edw. 8:

c. 3 Government of Burma Act, 1935. Amended (forces, - courts, Ac. in India) (temp.). 39. ss. 5, 6.

O M 00 Sugar Industry (Reorganization) Act, 1936. Ss. 5-7, 10, 12, 14-5. 19. 26, 28 excluded or restricted; sch. 4 para. 3 (i) (ii) (iv) modified; schemes under ss. 9. 18 suspended; s. 17, date for reporting postponed; s. 8, power to modify sugar refining agreement; s. 18 (2) (i) (ii) (3) saved; powers of Min. under ss. 3 (3) and 23 (1) transferred to Min. of Food (temp.). 16.

c. 43 Tithe Act, 1936 S. 24 (7) amended* 21, s. 47, sch. 11 Parts II. III.

1 Edw. 8 & 1

Geo. 6:

c. 38 Ministers of the Crown Act, 1937- S. 6 applied 23. s. 3 (2).

c. 54 Finance Act, 1937 Ss. 18 repealed, 19 (1), 20 (2), sch. 4 para. 2 (3) amended; s. 16 replaced (further extension). 21, ss. 27, 36, 41, 49 (8), schs. 9. 12.

c. 56 Coal (Registration of Ownership) Act, 1937. Concurrent leases 19-

1 A 2 Geo. 6 :

c. 46 Finance Act, 1938 Sch. 1 Part I suspended ... 21, s. 9.

c. 52 Coal Act, 1938 Retention under s. 5 excluded (concurrent leases). 19.

c. 68 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1938. S. 5 continued 25. S. 5.

2 & 3 Geo. 6 :

c. 34 Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1939- S. 1, signature of blind person, Ac. 20, S. 4.

c- 41 Finance Act, 1939 Ss. 35 (1) and in part 35 (3) repealed,*; 36 (2) amended. ti, ss. 36, 47 (2), schs. 9, x 1 Part III.

c. 50 Prevention of Violence (Temp. Provisions) Act, 1939. Continued [6 & 7 Geo. 6] 1.

c. 62 Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939. S. 1 (2) (d) (4), as amended, extended, s. 1 (5) excluded. S. i (2) (rf) (4), as amended, extended.

[6 A 7 Geo. 6] 3, ss. 3 (i)» 4 viii, s. 2 (Caernarvon); ix, s. 2 (Mold Gas and Water); xiv, s. 2 (Poole).

c. 67 Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1939. Extended (mortgaged property relief), s. 1 (2) (b), proviso (d), (3) amended. 36.

c. 75 Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939. Ss. 2 (1), ii amended (requisitioned land). 13, ss. 6 (2) (3). 7 (3). 8 (3).

c. 77 Ministers of the Crown (Emergency Appointments) Act, 1939. Repealed (from end of emergency). 11, s. 3.

• As from Jan. i, 1943, when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 1943 No. 1) took efiect.

A.D. 1942.

Effect of Leg.

xrn

Session and Chapter. Short title or Subject. How affected. Chapter of 1942 Act or number of Measure.

2 & 3 Geo. 6: c. 81 National Service (Armed Extended (I. of Man and 29.

c. 82 Forces) Act, 1939 (as amended). Personal Injuries (Emer- Allied Powers nationals), power to dispense with requirements. Extended (British subjects in foreign countries). Ss. 1-3, 5, 6, 14 amended... S. 3 extended, " physical 30.

[6 & 7 Geo. 6] 3. 26, ss. 5, 7.

gency Provisions) Act, injury " explained.

c. 83 1939- Pensions (Navy, Army, S. 2 repealed 8, s. 2 (2).

Air Force and Mer- Ss. 4 (3) (a) repealed, 3 (1) 26, ss. 1-6, 8, 9,

cantile Marine) Act, (2), 6 (1) (a) substituted, sch.

00 0 M 6 I939- Possession of Mortgaged 3 (3). 4 (3) (*)(*) (4). 5(2). 7 (5) (a), 10 amended, ss. 3-5 extended, 4, 6 (1) applied, " physical injury " explained, s. 7 saved. S. 2 (1) amended 36, ss. 2 (1) (6)

c. 109 Land (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939. Finance (No. 2) Act, S. 19 (4), schs. 1, 3 substi- (2). 3- 21, ss. 1, 3, 25, 36. 49 (5), schs.

I939- tuted, ss. 1, 3 amended,

• u extended as adapted. 1. 3. 9-

c. 115 Local Elections and Reg- Continued 38.

c. 117 ister of Electors (Temp. Provisions) Act, 1939. National Loans Act, Extended (1942-3) 14-

1939- Extended, sch. 2 para. 1 21, ss. 45, 47 (2),

3 & 4 Geo. 6: c. 20 Emergency Powers (De- substituted.* Extended, as amending 2 & sch. 11, Part II.

c. 29 fence) Act, 1940. Finance Act, 1940 3 Geo. 6, c. 62 : see that Act above. Ss. 2, 39 (3), sch. 2 repealed, 21, ss. 7, 36* 39. 41, 49 (8), schs. 9, 12. 20, s. 1.

c. 30 Marriage (Scotland) 38 (4) proviso substituted, sch. 6 para. 7 (b) amended, stabilisation period under s. 6 extended. S. 1 amended (temp.)

c.33 (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940. India and Burma (Emer- S. 4 applied 39. s. 2 (3).

c- 37 gency Provisions) Act, 1940- Courts (Emergency S. 4 (1) amended 36, ss. 2 (1) (6)

e. 48 Powers) Amendment Act, 1940. Finance (No. 2) Act, Ss. 1 (1), 2, 3 (1), 5, sch. 1 (2). 3-21, ss. 5 (1) (2)

1940- Parts I, III, IV, schs. 2 (4). 17-9* 22. 49 (3) (8). schs, 4. 8, 12. 25. ss. 1-5. 6 (3).

c. 49 Isle of Man (Customs) and 4 repealed; sch. 3 Parts I and II repealed and substituted. Part III substituted; ss. 4, 19 (2) (3) («). 20 (1) (a)-(c). 28, sch. 7 amended; s. 7 (1) applied. Ss. 2-5, schs. 1-4 repealed,

Act, 1940. ss. 1, 6 continued.

* As from Jan. 1, 1943, when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 1943 No. 1) took effect.

xiv

Effect of Legislation.

5 & 6 Geo. 6.

Session Short title Chapter of 1942

and or How affected. Act or number

Chapter. Subject. of Measure.

4 & 5 Geo. 6:

c. 3 Local Elections and Reg- Continued with principal 38.

is ter of Electors (Temp. Provisions) Act.

c. 8 Act, 1940. House of Commons Dis- S. 2 (2) (duration) amended, 11.

qualification (Temp. Provisions) Act, 1941. number of certificates under s. 1 limited.

c. 12 War Damage Act, 1941 Risk period extended, Act 28.

amended.

c. 15 National Service Act, Extended ( see2 & 3 Geo. 6. 29.

1941. c. 81 above): s. 11 (1), application explained.

Ss. 1,6, 7 amended [6 & 7 Geo. 6] 3.

c. 18 : National Loans Act, S. 2 repealed, 1 amended* 21, s. 47, sch. ix

1941- Part III.

c. 24 Liabilities (War - Time S. 26 (1) (2) amended 36, ss. 2 (1) (

Adjustment) Act, 1941- W (*). 3-

c. 30 Finance Act, 1941 Ss. 28 (1) substituted, 11 (1), 21, ss. 28 (1) (6),

37, 43 amended, 18 amended and extended. 32. 37. 4o~i-

c. 37 War Damage (Exten- Repealed 28, s. 1 (1).

sion of Risk Period) Act, 1941.

c. 49 . Local Elections and Principal Act continued ... 38.

Register of Electors

5 & 6 Geo. 6 : (Temp. Provisions) Act, 1941.

c. 4 National Service (No. 2) S. 1 excluded [6 A 7 Geo. 6] 3,

Act, 1941. s. 3 (i)-

c. 7 India (Federal Court S. 1 (3) (6) (printing) super- 39. s. 6 (3) (a).

Judges) Act, 1942. seded.

* As from Jan. i, 1943, when the Government Stock Regulations, 1943 (S.R. & O. 1943 No. 1) took effect.

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

[Index removed.]

