THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

PASSED IN THE FIFTH YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING EDWARD THE SEVENTH

BEING THE

SIXTH SESSION OF THE TWENTY-SEVENTH PARLIAMENT

OF THE

UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND:

WITH AN INDEX, AND TABLES SHOWING THE EFFECT OF THE YEAR’S LEGISLATION ON THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS;

ALSO THE TITLES OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS ARRANGED CONSECUTIVELY AND IN CLASSES.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

LONDON:

PRINTED FOR HIS MAJESTY’S STATIONERY OFFICE,

BY THE KING’S PRINTER.

And to be purchased, either directly or through any Bookseller, from WYMAN and SONS. Ltd., Fetter Lane, E.C.; or OLIVER and BOYD, Edinburgh; or E. PONSONBY, 110, Grafton Street, Dublin.

Price Three Shillings.

CONTENTS.

Table Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General Acts passed during the Session - i

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session arranged according to Chapter - 83

IIa. Table of the Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session arranged Alphabetically - 108

III. Table showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation on Public General Acts - 114

IV. Table of the Local and Private Acts arranged in Classes - 116

V. Index to the Public General Acts - 127

TABLE 1

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Public General Acts passed in the Sixth Session of the Twenty-Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1. An Act to apply out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five and one thousand nine hundred and six. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army. (Army (Annual).)

3. An Act to amend the Law as to the Hours of Closing of Licensed Premises on Christmas Day in Ireland. (Licensing (Ireland))

4. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year. (Finance.)

5. An Act to settle and secure an Annuity upon the Right Honourable William Court Gully in consideration of Lis eminent Services. (Mr. Speaker's Retirement.)

6. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six. (Consolidated Fund (No. 2).)

7. An Act to facilitate the proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to hold an Investigation respecting War Stores in South Africa. (War Stores (Commission).)

8. An Act to extend the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance Act, 1901. (Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance.)

9. An Act to amend the provisions of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, which relate to the Weighing of Minerals. (Coal Mines (Weighing of Minerals).)

10. An Act to enlarge the Remedies of Persons injured by the negligence of Shipowners. (Shipowners' Negligence (Remedies).)

11. An Act to give Compensation for Damage by Fires caused by Sparks or Cinders from Railway Engines. (Railway Fires.)

12. An Act to provide for the Settlement of certain Questions between the Free Church and the United Free Church in Scotland, and to make certain amendments of the law with respect to the Church of Scotland. (Churches (Scotland).)

13. An Act to amend the Law with regard to Aliens. (Aliens)

14. An Act to amend the Medical Act, 1886. (Medical Act (1886) Amendment.)

15. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Trade Marks. (Trade Marks.)

16. An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

17. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four and one thousand nine hundred and six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

18. An Act to establish organisation with a view to the provision of Employment or Assistance for Unemployed Workmen in proper cases. (Unemployed Workmen.)

19. An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the construction, extension, and equipment of Railways in India, by State Agency, or through the Agency of Companies, and for other purposes. (East India Loans (Railways).)

20. An Act to make further provision for the construction of works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy. (Naval Works.)

21. An Act to continue various Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

22. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans. (Public Works Loans.)

23. An Act to enable Provisional Orders to be made for removing any invalidity or doubt attaching to Marriages by reason of some informality. (Provisional Order (Marriages).)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

5 Edward 7.

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five and one thousand nine hundred and six.

[30th March 1905.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Issue of 626,630l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1905.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand of the year nine hundred and five, the sum of six hundred and twenty-six thousand six hundred and thirty pounds.

[Issue of 28,172,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1906.]

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the issue of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six, the sum of twenty-eight million one hundred and seventy-two thousand pounds.

[Power for the Treasury to borrow.]

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole twenty-eight million seven hundred and ninety-eight thousand six hundred and thirty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March

2 Ch. 1, 2. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

[40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.]

nineteen hundred and six, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of tho Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and bo available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1905.

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

[14th April 1905.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of two hundred and twenty-one thousand three hundred, including those to be employed at the depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the training of recruits for service at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty’s Indian possessions:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of

1905. Army (Annual) Act, 1905. Ch. 2. 3

this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

[44 & 45 Vict. c. 58.]

And whereas the Army Act will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and five on the following days:

(a) In the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, on the thirty-first day of July; and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions, on the thirty-first day of December:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Short title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the Army (Annual) Act, 1905.

[Army Act to be in force for specified times.]

2. — (1) The Army Act shall be and remain in force during the periods herein-after mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by Parliament (that is to say):

(a) Within the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and five to the thirtieth day of April one thousand nine hundred and six, both inclusive; and

(b) Elsewhere in Europe, inclusive of Malta, also in the West Indies and America, from the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and five to the thirty-first day of July one thousand nine hundred and six, both inclusive; and

(c) Elsewhere, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and five to the thirty-first day of December one thousand nine hundred and six, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject to military law, whether within or without His Majesty’s dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less -han the number herein-before mentioned.

4 Ch. 2, 3. Army (Annual) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

[Prices in respect of billeting.]

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in pursuance of the Army Act, the prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier where hot meal furnished. - Fourpence per night.

Hot meal as specified in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Army Act. - One shilling and threepence halfpenny each.

Breakfast as so specified. - One penny halfpenny each.

Where no hot meal furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat. - Fourpence per day.

Ten pounds of oats, twelve pounds of hay and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse. - One shilling and nine-pence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer. - Two shillings per night.

Note. — An officer shall pay for his food.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Hours of Closing of Licensed Premises on Christmas Day in Ireland.

[30th June 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Extent of Act and short title.]

1. This Act shall extend to Ireland only, and may be cited as the Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1905, and may be cited with the Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833 to 1900.

[Extension of any Acts now in force to the whole of Christmas Day.]

2. All the provisions of any Act now in force, whereby the sale or exposing for sale of intoxicating liquors, or the opening or keeping open of any premises tor the sale or intoxicating liquors, is prohibited during any hours or times on Christmas Day, are hereby extended to the whole of Christmas Day.

[Extension as to penalties.]

3. All penalties now in force under the provisions of any Act for selling, or exposing for sale, or purchasing, or opening or

1905. Licensing (Ireland) Act, 1905. Ch. 3, 4. 5

keeping open any premises for the sale of, intoxicating liquors, or being present in or upon any such premises, during any hours or times at which the sale of intoxicating liquors is prohibited by any Act now in force, are hereby extended and made applicable to the times during which the sale of intoxicating liquors is prohibited by this Act, and all provisions of any Acts now in force, in reference to such penalties, are hereby extended to any violation of this Act.

[Exemption as to travellers, &c.]

4. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to apply to sales of intoxicating liquor to lodgers, or to the sale of intoxicating liquor in packet boats, or in canteens in pursuance of any Act regulating the same,

[4 Edw. 7. c. 9.]

or in a registered club as defined by the Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904, or shall preclude the sale at any time at a railway station of intoxicating liquors on arrival or departure of trains, or to bona fide travellers within the meaning of the Licensing (Ireland) Acts, 1833 to 1900.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

[30th June 1905.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

[Duty on tea.]

1. There shall, on and after the first day of July nineteen hundred and five, until the first day of July nineteen hundred and six, be charged, levied and paid on tea imported into Great Britain or Ireland the following duty (that is to say):

Tea, the pound - sixpence.

6 Ch. 4. Finance Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

[Continuance of additional customs duties and drawbacks on tobacco, beer and spirits. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.]

2. The additional duties of customs on tobacco, beer and spirits imposed by sections two, three, four and five of the Finance Act, 1900 (including the increased duties imposed by section five of that Act), shall continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first day of July nineteen hundred and six, and, as regards the period for which any additional drawback is allowed under the said section four, July nineteen hundred and six shall be substituted for August nineteen hundred and one.

[Continuance of additional excise duties and drawbacks on beer and spirits. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 7.]

3. The additional duties of excise on beer and spirits imposed by sections six and seven of the Finance Act, 1900, shall continue to be charged, levied, and paid until the first day of July nineteen hundred and six, and, as regards the period in respect of which any additional drawback is allowed under the said section six, July nineteen hundred and six shall be substituted for August nineteen hundred and one.

[Abolition of warehouse delivery-charges. 4 Edw. 7. c. 7. 32 & 33 Vict. c. 103.]

4. The rates charged under section six of the Finance Act, 1904, and section seven of the Customs and Excise Warehousing Act, 1869, on the delivery of goods from a warehouse for home consumption, shall cease to be chargeable.

Part II.

Stamps.

[Abolition of stamp duty on export bonds, &c., and on delivery orders. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 39.]

5. — (1) The stamp duty charged by the Stamp Act, 1891,

under the heading in the First Schedule to that Act, “Bond given pursuant to the directions of any Act, &c.,” shall cease to be chargeable on bonds given in respect of the removal, transhipment, exportation, carriage coastwise, or shipment as stores of any goods, and the exemption under that heading shall be construed as if it included such bonds.

(2) The stamp duty charged by the Stamp Act, 1891, under the heading “Delivery Order” in the First Schedule to that Act, shall cease to be chargeable.

Part III.

Income Tax and Inhabited House Duty.

[Income tax for 1905-1906.]

6. — (1) Income tax for the year beginning on the sixth day of April nineteen hundred and five shall be charged at the rate of one shilling.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax as were in force on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and five shall have full force and effect with respect to the duty of income tax hereby granted.

(3) The annual value of any property, which has been adopted for the purpose either of income tax under Schedules A. and B. in

[16 & 17 Vict. c. 34.]

the Income Tax Act, 1853, or of inhabited house duty, during the year ending on the fifth day of April nineteen hundred and five, shall be taken as the annual value of such property for the same

1905. Finance Act, 1905. Ch. 4. 7

purpose during the next subsequent year; provided that this subsection —

(a) so far as respects the duty on inhabited houses in Scotland, shall be construed with the substitution of the twenty-fourth day of May for the fifth day of April; and

[32 & 33 Vict. c. 67.]

(b) shall not apply to the Metropolis as defined by the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869.

Part IV.

National Debt.

[Repayment of money raised under the Supplemental War Loan Acts of 1900. 63 & 64 Vict. c. 61. 64 Vict. c. 1.]

7. — (1) Any sums required for paying off any Exchequer bonds issued under the Supplemental War Loan Acts of 1900, and falling due in December nineteen hundred and five, may, up to an amount not exceeding ten million pounds, be raised by means of the issue of Exchequer bonds, which shall be paid off in ten years from the date of issue, at the rate of one-tenth part of the total issue in each year.

(2) The bonds to be redeemed shall be drawn in each year in accordance with regulations made by the Treasury, and the bonds so drawn in any year shall be redeemed on the eighteenth day of April in that year, by the application for the purpose of the requisite part of the new sinking fund of the previous financial year, at the rate of one hundred pounds sterling for every one hundred pounds of the bond.

[29 & 30 Vict. c. 25.]

(3) Exchequer bonds issued under this section shall, notwithstanding anything in section twenty-six of the Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, be made out and issued with coupons for the interest becoming due thereon for a term of ten years from the date thereof.

[38 & 39 Vict. c. 45.]

(4) The amount of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt, under section one of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875, during the current and every subsequent financial year, shall be the sum of twenty-eight, instead of twenty-seven, million pounds.

(5) Any sums required for defraying any expenses incurred in connexion with raising or paying off any money raised under this section, and the principal of and interest on any Exchequer bonds issued under this section, shall be charged on, and be payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof, and, as to the interest, shall be paid as part of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Part V.

General.

[Repeal, construction and short title.]

8. — (1) The Acts specified in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

8 Ch. 4, 5. Finance Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

[39 & 40 Vict. c. 35.]

(2) Part I. of this Act, so far as it relates to duties of customs, shall be construed together with the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and the Acts amending that Act, and, so far as it relates to duties of excise, shall be construed together with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and the management of those duties.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1905.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 103. - The Customs and Excise Warehousing Act, 1869. - The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36. - The Customs Consolidation Act, 1876. - Section one hundred and four, from “but no such notice” to the end of the section.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 39. - The Stamp Act, 1891. - Sections sixty-nine, seventy and seventy-one. In the First Schedule, the words “Delivery order - 0 0 1. And see sections 69, 70, and 71.”

3 Edw. 7. c. 8. - The Finance Act, 1903. - Subsection (1) of section six.

3 Edw.7. c. 46. - The Revenue Act, 1903. - Section six.

4 Edw. 7. c. 7. - The Finance Act, 1904. - Section six.

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to settle and secure an Annuity upon the Right Honourable William Court Gully, in consideration of his eminent Services.

[11th July 1905.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland did, by an humble address to Your Majesty, pray Your Majesty that you would be graciously pleased to confer some signal mark of your royal favour upon the Right

1905. Mr. Speaker's Retirement Act, 1905. Ch. 5. 9

Honourable William Court Gully, Speaker of the House of Commons, for his eminent services during the important period in wh:ch he had, with such distinguished ability and dignity, presided in the Chair of the House, and did assure Your Majesty that, whatever expense Your Majesty should think proper to be incurred upon that account, the said House would make good the same:

And whereas Your Majesty, in answer to the said address, was graciously pleased to declare that Your Majesty was desirous, in compliance with the wishes of your faithful Commons, to confer upon the said Right Honourable William Court Gully some signal mark of your royal favour, but, as the same could not be effectually granted and secured without the concurrence of Parliament, Your Majesty recommended to the House of Commons the adoption of such measures as might be necessary for the accomplishment of that purpose:

Now we. Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, have resolved that the annual sum of four thousand pounds be granted to Your Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, to begin upon the day upon which the Right Honourable William Court Gully, late Speaker of the House of Commons, ceased to hold the office of Speaker of the House of Commons, to be settled in the most beneficial manner upon, and to continue during the life of, him the said Right Honourable William Court Gully, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

[Annuity of 4,000l. to be paid to the Right Honourable William Court Gully.]

1. One annuity of four thousand pounds shall be charged upon, and payable quarterly out of, the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing produce thereof, to the Right Honourable William Court Gully, during his natural life, beginning on the day upon which he ceased to hold the office of Speaker of the House of Commons: Provided that one half of the annuity shall abate and be suspended during any period that the said Right Honourable William Court Gully hereafter holds any place, office, or employment under His Majesty of equal or greater amount in salary, profits, or emolument than the amount of the annuity.

[Treasury to direct payment of annuity.]

2. The Treasury are hereby authorised and required by warrants under their hands to direct the payment of the said annuity according to the provisions of this Act.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as Mr. Speaker’s Retirement Act, 1905.

10 Ch. 6. Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six.

[11th July 1905.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Same, as follows:

[Issue of 16,636,200l. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March 1906.]

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service o£ the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six, the sum of sixteen million six hundred and thirty-six thousand two hundred pounds.

[Power for the Treasury to borrow.]

2. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole sixteen million six hundred and thirty-six thousand two hundred pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and six,

[40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.]

and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(8) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

[Short title.]

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1905.

1905. War Stores (Commission) Act, 1905. Ch. 7. 11

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to facilitate the proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to hold an Investigation respecting War Stores in South Africa.

[11th July 1905.]

WHEREAS a Commission has been issued by His Majesty whereby the Honourable Mr. Justice Farwell, the Right Honourable Sir George Taubman-Goldie, K.C.M.G., Field Marshal Sir George White, G.C.B., Sir Francis Mowatt, G.C.B, and Samuel Hope Morley, Esquire (herein-after referred to as “the Commissioners”), have been authorised and directed to investigate and report upon the allegations made in the report of the committee presided over by Lieutenant-General Sir W. F. Butler, K.C.B., dated May 22nd last; and all the circumstances connected with contracts, sales and refunds to or by contractors in South Africa or elsewhere after the conclusion of peace, and any previous transactions which may throw light on them; and further to report upon the responsibility of the persons concerned, whether in this country or in South Africa:

And whereas it is desirable to make provision for the more effective conduct by the Commissioners of any investigation which they may be authorised to make:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Powers of Commissioners.]

1. — (1) The Commissioners shall have all such powers, rights and privileges as are vested in the High Court or in any judge thereof, on the occasion of any action in respect of the following matters: —

(i) The enforcing the attendance of witnesses and examining them on oath, affirmation, or otherwise, and the issue of a commission or a request to examine witnesses abroad; and

(ii) The compelling the production of documents; and

(iii) The punishing persons guilty of contempt;

and a summons, signed by one or more of the Commissioners, may be substituted for, and shall be equivalent to, any formal process capable of being issued in any action for enforcing the attendance of witnesses and compelling the production of documents.

(2) A warrant of committal to prison, issued for the purpose of enforcing the powers conferred by this section, shall be signed by one or more of the Commissi mers, and shall specify the prison to which the offender is to be committed, but shall not authorise the imprisonment of an offender for a period exceeding three months.

12 Ch. 7, 8. War Stores (Commission) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

(3) Every person who, on examination on oath or affirmation before the Commissioners, wilfully gives false evidence shall be liable to the penalties for perjury.

[Indemnity to witnesses.]

2. — (1) A person examined as a witness by the Commissioners shall not be excused from answering any question put to him, or from producing any document, on the ground that the answer thereto or production thereof may criminate or tend to criminate him.

(2) Every person examined as a witness who, in the opinion of the Commissioners, makes a full and true disclosure touching all the matters in respect of which he is examined, shall be entitled to receive a certificate signed bjT the Commissioners, stating that the witness has, on his examination, made a full and true disclosure as aforesaid.

(3) If any criminal proceeding (including a proceeding by court-martial) is at any time thereafter instituted against any such witness, in respect of any matter touching which he has been so examined, the court having cognizance of the case shall, on his application, and on proof of the certificate, stay the proceeding.

(4) Nothing in this section shall apply to the case of proceedings for having given false evidence before the Commissioners, or of having procured, or attempted or conspired to procure, the giving of such evidence.

[Short title and extent.]

3. — (1) This Act may be cited as the War Stores (Commission) Act, 1905.

(2) This Act shall apply only with respect to sittings of the Commissioners in the United Kingdom.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to extend the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance Act, 1901.

[4th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Extension of 1 Edw. 7. c. 13 for four years.]

1. The Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance Act, 1901, shall have effect as if “one thousand nine hundred and ten” were substituted for “one thousand nine hundred and six” wherever those words occur.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance Act, 1905.

1905. Coal Mines (Weighing of Minerals) Act, 1905. Ch. 9. 13

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, which relate to the Weighing of Minerals.

[4th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Amendments of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 58. s. 13. as to check weighers.]

1. — (1) The power conferred by the principal Act on the persons employed in a mine, and paid according to the weight of the mineral gotten by them, to appoint a check weigher, shall include power to appoint a deputy to act in the absence of the check weigher for reasonable cause, and the expression “check weigher,” when used in the principal Act and in this Act, shall include any such deputy check weigher during such absence as aforesaid.

(2) A statutory declaration, made by the person who presided at a meeting for the purpose of appointing a check weigher or deputy check weigher, to the effect that he presided at that meeting, and that the person named in the declaration was duly appointed check weigher or deputy check weigher, as the case may be, by that meeting, shall be forthwith delivered to the owner, agent, or manager of the mine, and shall be prim a facie evidence ot that appointment.

(3) Where the check weigher or deputy check weigher was appointed by a majority, ascertained by ballot, of the persons employed in the mine, and paid according to the mineral gotten, the declaration shall so state, and, if he was not so appointed, then it shall state the names of the persons by whom or on whose behalf the check weigher or deputy check weigher was appointed. Where a check weigher or deputy check weigher is appointed by such a majority as aforesaid, he shall be deemed to be appointed on behalf of all the persons employed in the mine who are entitled to appoint him.

(4) The facilities to be afforded to a check weigher, under section thirteen of the principal Act, shall include provision for a check weigher of a shelter from the weather, containing the number of cubic feet requisite for two persons, a desk or table at which the check weigher may write, and a sufficient number of weights to test the weighing machine.

(5) When a check weigher or deputy check weigher is appointed by a majority, ascertained by ballot, of the persons employed in the mine, and paid according to the mineral gotten, he shall not be removed by the persons employed in the mine except by a majority, ascertained by ballot, of the persons employed and paid as aforesaid at the time of the removal.

[Amendments as to persons who appoint and pay check weighers.]

2. — (1) For the purposes of the principal Act and of this Act, the persons who are entitled, under section thirteen of the principal Act, to appoint a check weigher, and from whom he

14 Ch. 9, 10. Coal Mines (Weighing of Minerals) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

is entitled, under section fourteen of the principal Act, to recover his wages or recompense, shall be deemed to include not only the persons in charge of the working places, but also all holers, fillers, trammers' and other persons who are paid according to the weight of the mineral gotten.

(2) Where there are persons employed in a mine who are employed by a contractor who is himself paid according to weight of mineral gotten, such persons, if they are either in charge of the working places or are holers, fillers, trammers, or brushers, shall, notwithstanding that they are paid by the contractor and otherwise than in accordance with the weight of mineral gotten, be deemed to be included among those who are entitled to appoint a check weigher, and from whom he is entitled as aforesaid to recover wages or recompense; but the proportion of such wages or recompense recoverable in respect of such persons shall be paid by the contractor who employs them, and recoverable by the check weigher from him alone.

(3) The wages or recompense which a check weigher may recover, under section fourteen of the principal Act, shall include expenses properly incurred by him in carrying out his work under the principal Act.

[Notice of intention to appoint check weigher.]

3. All persons who are entitled, by the principal Act or this Act, to appoint a check weigher or deputy check weigher shali have due notice given to them of the intention to appoint a check weigher or deputy check weigher, by a notice, posted at the pithead or otherwise, specifying the time and place of the meeting, and have the same facilities given to each of them for the purpose of recording their votes, either by ballot or otherwise, in such appointment.

[Construction and short title.]

4. — (1) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Coal Mines (Weighing of Minerals) Act, 1905, and the Coal Mines Regulation Acts, 1887 to 1896, and the Coal Mines Regulation Act (1887) Amendment Act, 1903, and this Act may be cited collectively as the Coal Mines Regulation Acts, 1887 to 1905.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to enlarge the Remedies of Persons injured by the Negligence of Shipowners.

[4th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Enlargement of remedy by action for injuries]

1. — (1) If it is alleged that the owners of any ship are liable to pay damages in respect of personal injuries, including fatal injuries, caused by the ship, or sustained on, in, or about the ship,

1905. Shipowners' Negligence (Remedies) Act, 1905. Ch. 10. 15

[caused by negligence of a shipowner.]

in any port or harbour in the United Kingdom, in consequence of the wrongful act, neglect, or default of the owners of the ship, or the master or officers or crew thereof, or any other person in the employment of the owners of the ship, or of any defect in the ship or its apparel or equipment, and at any time that ship is found in any port or river of England or Ireland, or within three miles of the coast thereof, a judge of any court of record in England or Ireland may, upon its being shown to him, by any person applying in accordance with rules of court, that the owners are probably liable to pay damages in respect of such injuries, and that none of the owners reside in the United Kingdom, issue an order, directed to any officer of customs or other officer named by the judge, requiring him to detain the ship until such time as the owners, agent, master, or consignee thereof have made satisfaction in respect of the injuries, or have given security, to be approved by the judge, to abide the event of any action, suit, or other legal proceeding that may be instituted in respect of the injuries, and to pay all costs and damages that may be awarded thereon; and any officer of customs or other officer to whom the order is directed shall detain the ship accordingly.

(2) In any legal proceeding in relation to such injuries as aforesaid, the person giving security shall be made defendant, and shall be stated to be the owner of the ship which has caused the injuries, or on, in, or about which the injuries were sustained, and the production of the order of the judge, made in relation to the security, shall be conclusive evidence of the liability of the defendant to the proceeding.

[57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.]

(3) Section six hundred and ninety-two of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, shall apply to the detention of a ship under this Act as it applies to the detention of a ship under that Act, and the expressions “port” and “harbour” have the same meaning as in that Act, and, if the owner of a ship is a corporation, it shall, for the purposes of this Act, be deemed to reside in the United Kingdom if it has an office in the United Kingdom at which service of writs can be effected.

(4) The words “person applying” in this section shall include an employer who has paid compensation, or against whom a claim for compensation has been made,

[60 & 61 Vict. c. 37.]

under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1897, as amended by any subsequent enactment, if he shows the judge that he probably is or will become entitled to be indemnified under that Act, and in such case this section shall apply as if the employer were a person claiming damages in respect of personal injuries.

[Commencement and short title.]

2. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen hundred and six, and may be cited as the Shipowners’ Negligence (Remedies) Act, 1905.

16 Ch. 11. Railway Fires Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to give Compensation for Damage by Fires caused by Sparks or Cinders from Railway Engines.

[4th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Liability of railway companies to make good damage to crops by their engines.]

1. — (1) When, after this Act comes into operation, damage is caused to agricultural land or to agricultural crops, as in this Act defined, by fire arising from sparks or cinders emitted from any locomotive engine used on a railway, the fact that the engine was used under statutory powers shall - not affect liability in an action for such damage.

(2) Where any such damage has been caused through the use of an engine by one company on a railway worked by another company, either company shall be liable in such an action; but, if the action is brought against the company working the railway, that company shall be entitled to be indemnified in respect of their liability by the company by whom the engine was used.

(3) This section shall nut apply in the case of any action for damage unless the claim for damage in the action does not exceed one hundred pounds.

[Powers for extinction and prevention of fire.]

2. — (1) A railway company may enter on any land and do all things reasonably necessary for the purpose of extinguishing or arresting the spread of any fire caused by sparks or cinders emitted from any locomotive engine.

(2) A railway company may, for the purpose of preventing or diminishing the risk of fire in a plantation, wood, or orchard through sparks or cinders emitted Irom any locomotive engine, enter upon any part of the plantation, wood, or orchard, or on any land adjoining thereto, and cut down and clear away any undergrowth, and take any other precautions reasonably necessary for the purpose; but they shall not, without the consent of the owner of the plantation, wood, or orchard, cut down or injure any trees, bushes, or shrubs.

(3) A railway company exercising powers under this section shall pay full compensation to any person injuriously affected by the exercise of those powers, including compensation in respect of loss of amenity, and any compensation so payable sh ill, in case of difference, be determined in England and Ireland by two justices in manner provided by

[8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.]

section twenty-four of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and in Scotland by the sheriff in manner provided by

[8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.]

section twenty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845.

[Notice of claim.]

3. This Act shall not apply in the case of any action for damage by fire brought against any railway company unless notice of claim and particulars of damage, in writing, shall have

1905. Railway Fires Act, 1905. Ch. 11, 12. 17

been sent to the said railway company within seven days of the occurrence of the damage as regards the notice of claim, and within fourteen days as regards the particulars of damage.

[Definitions and application.]

4. In this Act — 

The expression “agricultural land” includes arable and meadow land and ground used for pastoral purposes or for market or nursery gardens, and plantations and woods and orchards, and also includes any fences on such land, but does not include any moorland or buildings;

The expression “agricultural crops” includes any crops on agricultural land, whether growing or severed, which are not led or stacked;

The expression “railway” includes any light railway and any tramway worked by steam power.

This Act shall apply to agricultural land under the management of the Commissioners of Woods, and to agricultural crops thereon.

[Short title.]

5. This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January one thousand nine hundred and eight, and may be cited as the Railway Fires Act, 1905.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to provide for the Settlement of certain Questions, between the Free Church and the United Free Church in Scotland, and to make certain amendments of the law with respect to the Church of Scotland.

[11th August 1905.]

WHEREAS questions have arisen as to property between the Free Church and the United Free Church in Scotland and judgments have been given by the Courts in favour of the Free Church:

And whereas a Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the matter have reported that the Free Church are unable adequately to carry out all the trusts of the property, and that it is desirable to provide for the allocation thereof, provision being made for the equipment of the Free Church:

And whereas it is expedient to make provision for such allocation by means of the appointment of a Commission:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the law relating to the-subscription of the Confession of Faith by Ministers of the Church of Scotland and others:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Allocation of Church property between the Free]

1. — (1) The Commission established under this Act shall allocate between the Free Church and the United Free Church the property in question as defined by this Act in such manner as

18 Ch. 12. Churches (Scotland) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

[Church and the United Free Church by a Commission.]

appears to the Commission fair and equitable, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, but subject to the provisions of this Act.

(2) The Commission, in making their allocation of property under this Act, shall allocate congregational property to the Free Church in any case where they consider that, out of those who, in the opinion of the Commission, were members or adherents of the congregation on the thirtieth day of October, nineteen hundred, and are at the commencement of this Act both resident in the district and members or adherents of the Free Church or United Free Church congregation, at least one-third are members or adherents of the Free Church congregation; with power, however, to make special arrangements where several church buildings are situated in the same neighbourhood, and in any other cases which appear to them to require exceptional treatment; and

(3) The Commission in making their allocation of property under this Act shall, having regard to congregational contributions and other income of the Free Church, make adequate provision for the education of the students for the ministry of the Free Church, for the support, subject to payment of the usual annual contributions (if any), of aged and infirm ministers and of widows and orphans of ministers of that Church, for the support of the ministers of Free Church congregations to which congregational property has been allocated under this Act, for itinerant preachers and for the general purposes of administration and management of that Church. The funds and property out of which provision may be made for each of the above-mentioned objects shall be those set out in the second column of the First Schedule to this Act, opposite the description of the object in the first column of that schedule.

[Orders for carrying allocation into effect.]

2. — (1) The Commission may make such orders as they may consider necessary for carrying into effect any allocation under this Act (including the modification of the Acts relating to the Widows and Orphans Fund), and may also, before that allocation is made, make interim orders having temporary effect as respects the property in question as defined by this Act. Any such orders shall have effect as if enacted in this Act, may be recorded in the Register of Sasines or other appropriate register and shall not be chargeable with stamp duty.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commission, if they think fit, may order that any property (other than congregational property) allocated to either Church under this Act shall be burdened with such bond, or charge, in favour of the other Church or in favour of third parties who may advance money for the purposes of such bond or charge, as they direct. Any congregational property allocated to either Church shall be subject to any bonds, burdens, or debts thereon or in respect thereof, and the Commissioners may charge upon the particular congregational property concerned any moneys expended since thirty-first October, nineteen hundred, on improvements of that property or in paying off debt incurred in respect of that property.

1905. Churches (Scotland), 1905. Ch. 12. 10

(3) The Free Church and the United Free Church respectively shall hold any property allocated to them under this Act for the purposes of and in accordance with their respective constitutions, and, in allocating to the United Free Church any property which is, at the commencement of this Act, appropriated to any special Church purposes, the Commission shall, so far as possible, provide by their orders that the property shall remain, in the hands of the United Free Church, appropriated to the same or similar purposes.

(4) Any proceedings in any court between the Free Church and the United Free Church as to any property in question as defined by this Act, and all diligence and execution in any such proceedings, shall, by virtue of this Act, be permanently sisted or stayed, and no such proceedings shall be instituted as respects any such property before that property has been allocated by the Commission under this Act.

(5) No court shall have power to review or interfere in any way with the orders or other proceedings of the Commission, but such orders or proceedings shall not prejudice or affect any rights, duties and liabilities as regards any property in question as defined by this Act other than those of the Free Church and the United Free Church.

[Establishment of Commission.]

3. — (1) The Commission under this Act shall consist of five Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty.

(2) If a vacancy occurs in the office of any Commissioner so appointed by reason of death, resignation, incapacity, or otherwise, His Majesty may appoint some other person to fill the vacancy, and so from time to time as occasion requires.

(3) The Commission may appoint and employ such Assistant Commissioners, officers and persons, as they think necessary, and may remove any officer or person so appointed or employed.

(4) The salaries and remuneration of any persons so appointed or employed, and all expenses of the Commission incurred in the execution of this Act, shall be paid out of the property in question as defined by this Act, and the Commission may make any orders necessary for the purpose.

(5) The quorum of the Commission shall be three, and in case of an equal division of votes at any meeting of the Commission the person who is Chairman at that meeting shall have a second or casting vote. The procedure, place of meeting and authentication of documents of the Commission shall be regulated in such manner as the Commission determine.

(6) The Commission and any Assistant Commissioner appointed cinder this Act may examine witnesses on oath, and, for the enforcing the attendance of witnesses, after a tender of their expenses, the examination of witnesses and the production of books and documents, shall have all such powers, rights and privileges as are vested in any of His Majesty’s courts of law.

(7) The powers of the Commission shall be in force until the first day of March nineteen hundred and six, but His Majesty may by Order in Council continue their powers for such further period as His Majesty thinks fit.

20 Ch. 12. Churches (Scotland) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

[Provision defining the property, &c. to be allocated.]

4. — (1) All property which, on the thirtieth day of October nineteen hundred, was vested in or held by or on trust for, or was payable to or for behoof of, the Free Church, or was held for the purposes of any school, scheme, mission, or other special object of the said church, or, where any such property has been disposed of since that date, the proceeds of sale thereof or any investments representing the same, including any revenue or accumulations of any such property, proceeds of sale, or investments accruing since the said date, shall, notwithstanding anything that has taken place since said date, be deemed to be property in question within the meaning of this Act, subject in any case to any disbursements properly made since the said date (which are hereby declared to stand good), and any person held accountable for any such property, in accordance with an order of the Commission, shall account for the same accordingly.

(2) Such rights, duties and liabilities (including the right of appointing representatives on bodies of trustees or other boards) as belonged or attached to the Free Church on the thirtieth day of October, nineteen hundred, shall be subject to allocation by the Commission in the same manner as the property in question within the meaning of this Act,

(3) Any legacies, bequests, or conveyances of property under testamentary writings made before the thirtieth day of October, nineteen hundred, by testators who died thereafter and before the commencement of this Act, in dispute between the Free Church and the United Free Church, shall be allocated to or apportioned between the Churches in such manner as the Commission deem fair and equitable, having regard to what seems to them to have been the intention of the testator and the capacity of the Churches respectively to carry out any special trusts annexed to the legacy; and all proceedings in any court as regards any disputes between the two Churches in respect of such legacies shall be permanently sisted or stayed.

(4) In this section the expression “property“ includes property heritable and movable and all interests therein; and the expression “rights” includes powers, privileges and immunities.

[Formula of subscription to the Confession of Faith in the Church of Scotland.]

5. The formula of subscription to the Confession of Faith required from ministers and preachers of the Church of Scotland as by law established and from persons appointed to Chairs of Theology in the Scottish Universities and the Principal of Saint Mary’s College, Saint Andrew’s, respectively, shall be such as may be prescribed by Act of the General Assembly of the said Church with the consent of the majority of the presbyteries thereof. The formula at present in use in any case shall be required until a formula in lieu thereof is so prescribed.

[Definitions, repeal, and short title.]

6. — (1) In this Act the expression “the Free Church” means the association or body of Christians known and designated as the Free Church of Scotland; and the expression “the United Free Church ” means the association or body of Christians known and designated as the United Free Church of Scotland, and, unless the context otherwise requires, those expressions respectively include any court, congregation, or college of either Church, or any member

1905. Churches (Scotland) Act, 1905. Ch. 12. 21

thereof as such, or any person acting on behalf of such Church, congregation, or college.

(2) The Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule, both as originally enacted and as incorporated, ratified, confirmed, or approved by any other Act.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Churches (Scotland) Act, 1905.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE

Section 1.

Object. - Funds and Property.

1. Education of students of the Free Church. - 1. College endowments and bursary funds; college buildings.

2. Support of aged and infirm ministers of the Free Church. - 2. Aged and Infirm Ministers’ Fund.

3. Support of widows and orphans of ministers of the Free Church. - 3. Widows and Orphans Fund.

4. (a) Support of ministers of Free Church congregations to which congregational property has been allocated under this Act and of itinerant preachers. (b) General purposes of administration and management of the Free Church. - 4. Sustentation Fund; Home Missions Fund; Highlands and Islands Fund; any moneys which the Commission regard as applicable for these or similar purposes. So far as those funds or moneys are not sufficient, any further amount required for this object shall be provided by such bond or charge as the Commission may direct to be imposed on any land or buildings in Scotland allocated to the United Free Church other than congregational property, colleges, schools and any land or buildings bequeathed or given for special purposes.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Section 6.

Enactments Repealed.

Act. - Title. - Extent of Repeal.

An Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-three. - Act for settling the quiet and peace of the Church. - The words  the same to be the confession of his faith, and that he owns the doctrine therein contained to be the true doctrine which he will constantly adhere to, as ”

An Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the year one thousand seven hundred and seven. - Act for securing the Protestant religion and Presbyterian Church government. - The words “do and shall acknowledge and profess and, ” and the words “as the confession of their faith;”

22 Ch. 13. Aliens Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Law with regard to Aliens.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Regulation of Alien Immigration.

[Power to prevent the landing of undesirable immigrants.]

1. — (1) An immigrant shall not be landed in the United Kingdom from an immigrant ship except at a port at which there is an immigration officer appointed under this Act, and shall not be landed at any such port without the leave of that officer given after an inspection of the immigrants made by bim on the ship, or elsewhere if the immigrants are conditionally disembarked for the purpose, in company with a medical inspector, such inspection to be made as soon as practicable, and the immigration officer shall withhold leave in the case of any immigrant who appears to him to be an undesirable immigrant within the meaning of this section.

(2) Where leave to land is so withheld in the case of any immigrant, the master, owner, or agent of the ship, or the immigrant, may appeal to the immigration board of the port, and that board shall, if they are satisfied that leave to land should not be withheld under this Act, give leave to land, and leave so given shall operate as the leave of the immigration officer.

(3) For the purposes of this section an immigrant shall be considered an undesirable immigrant —

(a) if he cannot show that he has in his possession or is in a position to obtain the means of decently supporting himself and his dependents (if any); or

(b) if he is a lunatic or an idiot, or owing to any disease or infirmity appears likely to become a charge upon the rates or otherwise a detriment to the public; or

[33 & 34 Vict. c. 52.]

(c) if he has been sentenced in a foreign country with which there is an extradition treaty for a crime, not being an offence of a political character, which is, as respects that country, an extradition crime within the meaning of the Extradition Act, 1870; or

(d) if an expulsion order under this Act has been made in his case;

but, in the case of an immigrant who proves that he is seeking admission to this country solely to avoid prosecution or punishment on religious or political grounds or for an offence of a political character, or persecution, involving danger of imprisonment or danger to life or limb, on account of religious belief, leave to land shall not be refused on the ground merely of want of means, or the probability of his becoming a charge on the rates, nor shall leave to land be withheld in the case of an immigrant

1905. Aliens Act 1905. Ch. 13. 23

who shows to the satisfaction of the immigration officer or board concerned with the case that, having taken his ticket in the United Kingdom and embarked direct therefrom for some other country immediately after a period of residence in the United Kingdom of not less than six months, he has been refused admission in that country and returned direct therefrom to a port in the United Kingdom, and leave to land shall not be refused merely on the ground of want of means to any immigrant who satisfies the immigration officer or board concerned with the case that he was born in the United Kingdom, his father being a British subject.

(4) The Secretary of State may, subject to such conditions as he thinks fit to impose, by order exempt any immigrant ships from the provisions of this section if he is satisfied that a proper system is being maintained for preventing the embarkation of undesirable immigrants on those ships, or if security is given to his satisfaction that undesirable immigrants will not be landed in the United Kingdom from those ships except for the purpose of transit.

Any such order of exemption may be withdrawn art any time at the discretion of the Secretary of State.

(5) Any immigrant who lands, and any master of a ship who allows an immigrant to be landed, in contravention of this section shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, but an immigrant conditionally disembarked shall not be deemed to have landed so long as the conditions are complied with.

[Immigration board and rules.]

2. — (1) The immigration board for a port shall consist of three persons summoned in Accordance with rules made by the Secretary of State under this Act out of a list approved by him for the port comprising fit persons having magisterial, business, or administrative experience.

(2) A Secretary of State may make rules generally with respect to immigration boards and their officers, and with respect to appeals to those boards, and with respect to the conditional disembarkation of immigrants for the purpose of inspection, appeals, or otherwise, and may by those rules amongst other things provide for the summoning and procedure of the board, and for the place of meeting of the bo?rd, and for the security to be given by the master of the ship in the case of immigrants conditionally disembarked. Rules made under this section shall provide for notice being given to masters of immigrant ships and immigrants informing them of their right of appeal, and also, where leave to land is withheld in the case of any immigrant by the immigration officer, for notice being given to the immigrant and the master of the immigrant ship of the grounds on which leave has been withheld.

Expulsion of Undesirable Aliens.

[Power of Secretary of State to make]

3. — (1) The Secretary of State may, if he thinks fib, make an order (in this Act referred to as an expulsion order) requiring an

24 Ch. 13. Aliens Act, 1905, 5 Edw. 7.

[an expulsion order.]
---
55 & 56 Vict. 0. 55.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 103.

2 & 3 Vict c. 47.

42 & 43 Vict. c. 49.

Expenses of return of alien, &c.

alien to leave the United Kingdom within a time fixed by the order, and thereafter to remain out of the United Kingdom —

(a) if it is certified to him by any court (including a court

of summary jurisdiction) that the alien has been convicted by that court of any felony, or misdemeanour, or other offence for which the court has power to impose imprisonment without the option of a fine, or of an offence .under paragraph twenty-two or twenty-three of section three hundred and eighty-one of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or of an offence as a prostitute under section seventy-two of the Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854, or paragraph eleven of section fifty-four of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1839, and that the court recommend that an expulsion order should be made in his case, either in addition to or in lieu of his sentence; and

(b) if it is certified to him by a court of summary jurisdiction

after proceedings taken for the purpose within twelve months after the alien has last entered the United Kingdom, in accordance with rules of court made under section twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879, that the alien —

(i) has, within three months from the time at which proceedings for the certificate are commenced, been in receipt of any such parochial relief as disqualifies a person for the parliamentary franchise, or been found wandering without ostensible means of subsistence, or been living under insanitary conditions due to overcrowding; or

(ii) has entered the United Kingdom after the passing of this Act, and has been sentenced in a foreign country with which there is an extradition treaty for a crime not being an offence of a political character which is, as respects that country, an extradition crime within the meaning of the Extradition Act, 1870.

(2) If any alien in whose case an expulsion order has been made is at any time found within the United Kingdom in contravention of the order, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

4. — (1) Where an expulsion order is made in the case of any alien, the Secretary of State may, if he thinks fit, pay the whole or any part of the expenses of or incidental to the departure from the United Kingdom and maintenance until departure of the alien and his dependents (if any).

(2) If an expulsion order is made in the case of any alien (not being an alien who last entered the United Kingdom before the commencement of this Act, or an immigrant in whose case leave to land has been given under this Act) on a certificate given within six months after he has last entered the United Kingdom, the master of the ship in which he has been brought to the United Kingdom and also the master of any ship belonging to the same

1905. Aliens Act, 1905. Ch. 13, 25

owner shall be liable to pay to the Secretary of State as a debt due to the Crown any sums paid by the Secretary of State under this section in connexion with the alien, and shall, if required by the Secretary of State, receive the alien and his dependents (if any) oa board his ship, and afford them free of charge a passage to the port of embarkation and proper accommodation and maintenance during the passage.

(3) If the master of a ship fails to comply with the provisions of this section as to giving a passage to an alien or his dependents, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

General.

5. — (1) The master of any ship landing or embarking Returns as to passengers at any port in the United Kingdom shall furnish to aliens, such person and in such manner as the Secretary of State directs a

return giving such particulars with respect to any such passengers who are aliens as may be required for the time being by order of the Secretary of State, and any such passenger shall furnish the master of the ship with any information required by him for the purpose of the return.

(2) If the master of a ship fails to make the return required by this section, or makes a false return, he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and if any alien refuses to give information required by the master of the ship for the purpose of the return under this section, or gives any false information for the purpose, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months with hard labour.

(3) The Secretary of State may by order exempt from the provisions of this section any special class of passengers or voyages, or any special ships or ports, but any such order may be withdrawn at any time at his discretion,

6. — (1) The Secretary of State shall appoint, at such ports in Appointment the United Kingdom as he thinks necessary for the time being, of officers, and immigration officers and medical inspectors, and may appoint or exPen?es-employ such other officers or persons as may be required for the purposes of immigration boards, or for the purpose of the returns

to be given under this Act, or otherwise for carrying this Act into effect, and the salary and remuneration of any officers, inspectors, or persons so appointed cr employed, and any expenses otherwise incurred in carrying this Act into effect (including such payment as may be sanctioned by the Treasury for the attendance of any person as a member of an immigration board to hear appeals) shall, up to an amount approved by the Treasury, be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(2) The Secretary of State may arrange with the Commissioners of Customs or any other Government department or any port sanitary authority for the appointment or employment of officers of Customs or officers of that department or authority as officers under this Act.

(3) The Secretary of State shall make known, in such manner as he thinks best suited for the purpose, the ports at which immigration officers arc for the time being appointed under this Act.

26 Ch. 13. Aliens Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Supplemental

provisions.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

Definitions.

7. — (1) Any person guilty of an offence under this Act shall, if the offence is committed by him as the master of a ship, be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and, if the offence is committed by him as an immigrant or alien, be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of the Vagrancy Act, 1824, and be liable to be dealt with accordingly as if the offence were an offence under section four of that Act.

(2) Sections six hundred and eighty-four, six hundred and eighty-five, and six hundred and eighty-six of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which relate to the jurisdiction of courts and justices), shall apply with respect to jurisdiction under this Act as they apply with respect to jurisdiction under that Act, and section six hundred and ninety-three of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which relates to the levying of sums ordered to be paid by distress on a ship), shall apply with respect to any fines or other sums of money to be paid under this Act by the master of a ship as it applies with respect to fines and other sums of money to be paid under that Act.

(3) Any immigrant who is conditionally disembarked, and any alien in whose case an expulsion order is made, while awaiting the departure of his ship, and whilst being conveyed to the ship, and whilst on board the ship until the ship finally leaves the United Kingdom, and any alien in whose case a certificate has been given by a court, with a view to the making of aD expulsion order under this Act, until the Secretary of State has decided upon his case, shall be liable to be kept in custody in such manner as the Secretary of State directs and, whilst in that custody, shall be deemed to be in legal custody.

(4) If any immigrant, master of a ship, or other person, for the purposes of this Act, makes any false statement or false representation to an immigration officer, medical inspector, immigration board, or to the Secretary of State, he shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months with hard labour.

(5) If any question arises on any proceedings under this Act, or with reference to anything done or proposed to be done under this Act, whether any person is an alien or not, the onus of proving that that person is net an alien shall lie on that person.

(6) In carrying out the provisions of this Act, due regard shall be had to any treaty, convention, arrangement, or engagement with any foreign country.

8. — (1) The expression “immigrant” in this Act means an alien steerage passenger who is to be landed in the United Kingdom, but does not include —

(a) Any passenger who shows to the satisfaction of the immigration officer or board concerned with the case that he desires to land in the United Kingdom only for the purpose of proceeding within a reasonable time to some destination out of the United Kingdom; or

(b) Any passengers holding prepaid through tickets to some

such destination, if the master or owner of the ship by which they are brought to the United Kingdom, or by which they are to be taken away from the

1905. Aliens Act, 1905.

Ch. la

27

United Kingdom, gives security to the satisfaction of the Secretary of State that, except for the purposes of transit or under other circumstances approved by the Secretary of State, they will not remain in the United Kingdom, or, having been rejected in another country re enter the United Kingdom, and that they will be properly maintained and controlled during their transit.

(2) The expression “ immigrant ship in this Act means a ship which brings to the United Kingdom more than twenty alien steerage passengers, who are to be landed in the United Kingdom, whether at the same or different ports, or such number of those passengers r.s may be for the time being fixed by order of the Secretary of State, either generally or as regards any special ships or ports.

(3) The expression ”passenger” in this Act includes any person carried on the ship other than the master and persons employed in the working or service of the ship, and the expression “ steerage passenger ” in this Act includes all passengers except such persons as may he declared by the Secretary of State to be cabin passengers by order, made either generally or as regards any special ships or ports.

(4) If any question arises under this Act on an appeal to an immigration board whether any ship is an immigrant ship within the meaning of this Act, or whether any person is an immigrant, a passenger, or a steerage passenger, within the meaning of this Act, or whether any offence is an offence of a political character, or whether a crime is an extradition crime, that question shall be referred to the Secretary of State in accordance with rules made under this Act, and the board shall act in accordance with his decision.

(5) The Secretary of State may withdraw or vary any order made by him under this section.

9. — (1) In the application of this Act to Scotland and Ireland Application the words "be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for ^otkndana a “ term net exceeding three months with hard labour ” shall be Ireland, substituted for the words “ be deemed a regue and vagabond within

“ the meaning of the Vagrancy Act, 1824, and be liable to be dealt “ with accordingly as if the offence were an offence under section “ four of that Act.”

(2) Section thirty-three of the Summary Procedure (Scotland) 27 & 28 Vict. Act, 1864, shall be substituted as respects Scotland for section c' 53, twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879; and the Lord Chancellor of Ireland may, as respects Ireland, make rules for the purposes of this Act for which rules may be made under section twenty-nine of the Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879; and all rules so made shall be laid, as soon as may be, before both Houses of Parliament.

10. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Aliens Act, 1905, and &hort title antl

shall come into operation on the first day of January nineteen m^tancT' hundred and six. repeal.

(2) The Registration of Aliens Act, 1836, is hereby repealed. 6 & 7 Will. 4.

c. 11.

28

Oft. 14-, 15.

Medical Act (1886) Amendment Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Amendment of 4'J & 50 Vict. c. 48. s. 27.

[Short title.]

[Short title.]

Commencement of Act.

Definitions.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to amend the Medical Act, 1886.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the purposes of the Medical Act, 1886, where any part of a British possession is under a central and also under a local legislature, His Majesty may, if he thinks fit, by Order in Council, declare that the part which is under the local legislature shall be deemed a separate British possession.

2. This Act maybe cited as the Medical Act (1886) Amendment Act, 1905.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Trade Marks.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the Trade Marks Act, 1905.

2. This Act shall, save as otherwise expressly provided, come into operation on the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and six.

Part I.

Definitions.

3. In and for the purposes of this Act (unless the context otherwise requires): —

A “mark” shall include a device, brand, heading, label, ticket, name, signature, word, letter, numeral, or any combination thereof:

A “trade mark” shall mean a mark used or proposed to be used upon or in connexion with goods for the purpose of indicating that they are the goods of the proprietor of such trade mark by virtue of manufacture, selection, certification, dealing with, or offering for sale:

A “registrable trade mark” shall mean a trade mark which is capable of registration under the provisions of this Act: “The register” shall mean the register of trade marks kept under the provisions of this Act:

A “registered trade mark” shall mean a trade mark which is actually upon the register:

1905. Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 29

“Prescribed ” shall mean, in relation to proceedings before the Court, prescribed by rules of court and, in other cases, prescribed by this Act or the Rules thereunder:

“The Court” shall mean (subject to the provisions for Scotland, Ireland and the Isle of Man) His Majesty’s High Court of Justice in England.

Register of Trade Marks.

4. There shall be kept at the Patent Office for the purposes of Register of this Act a book called the Register of Trade Marks, wherein shall tradc marks- ' be entered all registered trade marks with the names and addresses

of their proprietors, notifications of assignments and transmissions, disclaimers, conditions, limitations and such other matters relating to such trade marks as may from time to time be prescribed. The register shall be kept under the control and management of the Comptroller-General of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks, who is in this Act referred to as the Registrar.

5. There shall not be entered in the register any notice of any Trust not to

trust expressed, implied, or constructive, nor shall any such notice “*2^011 be receivable by the Registrar. Sls

6. The register of trade marks existing at the date of the Incorporation commencement of this Act, and all registers of trade marks kept , cig11JJin* under previous Acts, which are deemed part of the same book as rtgIb cr‘ such register, shall be incorporated with and form part of the register. Subject to the provisions of sections thirty-six and

forty-one of this Act the validity of the .original entry of any trade mark upon the registers so incorporated shall be determined in accordance with the statutes in force at the'date of such entry, and such trade mark shall retain its original date, but for all other purposes it shall be deemed to be a trade mark registered under this Act.

7. The register kept under this Act shall at all convenient inspection of times be open to the inspection of the public, subject to such *°<^e^r^tter regulations as may be prescribed; and certified copies, sealed with reg*s er’ the seal of the Patent Office, of any entry in any such register

shall be given to any person requiring the same on payment of the prescribed fee.

Registrable Trade Marks.

8. A trade mark must be registered in respect of particular Trade mark

goods or classes of goods. must he for particular goods.

9. A registrable trade mark must contain or consist of at least Registrable

one of the following essential particulars:— trade marks.

(1) The name of a company, individual, or firm represented in a special or particular manner;

(2) The signature of the applicant for registration or some predecessor in his business;

(3) An invented word or invented words;

(4) A word or words having no direct reference to the character or quality of the goods, and not being

30 Ch. 15. Trade Marks 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Coloured trade marks.

Restriction on registration.

Application for registration.

according to its ordinary signification a geographical name or a surname;

(5) Any other distinctive mark, but a name, signature, or word or words, other than such as fall within the descriptions in the above paragraphs (1), (2), (3) and (4), shall not, except by order of the Board of Trade or the Court, be deemed a distinctive mark:

Provided always that any special or distinctive word or words, letter, numeral, or combination of letters or numerals used as a trade mark by the applicant or his predecessors in business before the thirteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, which has continued to be used (either in its original form or with additions or alterations not substantially affecting’ the identity of the same) down to the date of the application for registration, shall be registrable as a trade mark under this Act.

For the purposes of this section “distinctive” shall mean adapted to distinguish the goods of the proprietor of the trade mark from those of other persons.

In determining whether a trade mark is so adapted, the tribunal may, in the case of a trade mark in actual use, take into consideration the extent to which such user has rendered such trade mark in fact distinctive for the goods with respect to which it is registered or proposed to be registered.

10. A trade mark may be limited in whole or in part to one or more specified colours, and in such case the fact that it is so limited shall be taken into consideration by any tribunal having to decide on the distinctive character of such trade mark. If and so far as a trade mark is registered without limitation' of colour it shall be deemed to be registered for all colours.

11. It shall not be lawful to register as a trade mark or part of a trade mark any matter, the use of which would by reason of its being calculated to deceive or otherwise be disentitled to protection in a court of justice, or would be contrary to law or morality, or any scandalous design.

Registration of Trade Marks.

12. — (1) Any person claiming to be the proprietor of a trade mark who is desirous of registering the same must apply in writing to the Registrar in the prescribed manner.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act the Registrar may refuse such application, or may accept it absolutely or subject to conditions, amendments, or modifications.

(3) In case of any such refusal or conditional acceptance the Registrar shall, if required by the applicant, state in writing the grounds of his decision and the materials used by him in arriving at the same, and such decision shall be subject to appeal to the Board of Trade or to the Court at the option of the applicant.

(4) An appeal under this section shall be made in the prescribed manner, and on such appeal the Board of Trade or the Court, as the case may be, shall, if required, hear the applicant and the Registrar, and shall make an order determining whether.

1905, Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 31

and subject to what conditions, amendment?, or modifications, if any, the application is to be accepted.

(5) Appeals under this section shall be h^ard. on the materials so stated by the Registrar to have been used by him in arriving at his decision, and no further grounds of objection to the acceptance of the application shall be allowed to be taken by the Registrar, other than those stated by him, except by leatfe of the tribunal hearing the appeal. Where any further grounds of objection are taken the applicant shall be entitled to withdraw his application without payment of costs on giving notice as prescribed.

(6) The Registrar or the Board of Trade or the Court, as the case may be, may at any time, whether before or after acceptance, correct any error in or in connexion with the application, or may permit the applicant to amend his application upon such terms as they may think fit.

13. When an application for registration of a trade mark has Advertisement been accepted, whether absolutely or subject to conditions, the of application. Registrar shall, as soon as may be after such acceptance, cause the application as accepted to be advertised in the prescribed manner.

Such advertisement shall set forth all conditions subject to which the application has been accepted.

14. — (I) Any person may, within the prescribed time from Opposition to the date of the advertisement of an application for the registrar registration, tion of a trade mark, give notice to the Registrar of opposition to

such registration.

(2) Such notice shall be given in writing in the prescribed manner, and shall include a statement of the grounds of opposition.

(3) The Registrar shall send a copy of such notice to the applicant, and, within the prescribed time after the receipt of such notice, the applicant shall send to the Registrar, in the prescribed manner, a counter-statement of the grounds on which he relies for his application, and, if he does not do so, he shall be deemed to have abandoned his application.

(4) If the applicant sends such counter-statement, the Registrar shall furnish a copy thereof to the persons giving notice of opposition, and shall, after hearing the parties, if so required, and considering the evidence, decide whether, and subject to what conditions, registration is to be permitted.

(5) The decision of the Registrar shall be subject to appeal to the Court or, with the consent of the parties, to the Board of Trade.

(6) An appeal under this section shall be made in the prescribed manner, and on such appeal the Board of Trade, or the Court, as the case may be, shall, if required, hear the parties and the Registrar, and shall make an order determining whether, and subject to what conditions, if any, registration is to be permitted..

(7) On the hearing of any such appeal any party may either in the manner prescribed or by special leave of the tribunal bring forward further material for the consideration of the tribunal.

(8) In proceedings under this section no further grounds of objection to the registration of a trade mark shall be allowed to

32 Ch. 15. Trade Marks Act, 1005. 5 Edw. 7.

Disclaimers.

Date of registration.

Certificate of registration.

be taken by the opponent or the Registrar other than those stated by the opponent as herein-above provided, except by leave of the tribunal hearing the appeal. Where any further grounds of objection are taken the applicant shall be entitled to withdraw his application without payment of the costs of the opponent on giving notice as prescribed.

(9) In any appeal under this section, the tribunal may, after hearing the Registrar, permit the trade mark proposed to be registered to be modilied in any manner not substantially affecting the identity of such trade mark, but in such case the trade mark as so modified shall be advertised in the prescribed manner before being registered.

(10) The Registrar, or in the case of an appeal to the Boards of Trade the Board of Trade, shall have power in proceedings under this section to award to any party such costs as they may consider reasonable, and to direct how and by what parties they are to be paid.

(11) If a party giving notic3 of opposition or of appeal neither resides nor carries on business in the United Kingdom, the tribunal may require such party to give security for costs of the proceedings before it relative to such opposition or appeal and, in default of such security being duly given, may treat the opposition or appeal as abandoned.

15. If a trade mark contains parts not separately registered by the proprietor as trade marks, or if it contains matter common to the trade or otherwise of a non-distinctive character, the Registrar or the Board of Trade or the Court, in deciding whether such trade mark shall be entered or shall remain upon the register, may require, as a condition of its being upon the register, that the proprietor shall disclaim any right to the exclusive use of any part or parts of such trade mark, or of all or any portion of such matter, to the exclusive use of which they hold him not to be entitled, or that he shall make such other disclaimer as they may consider needful for the purpose of defining his rights under such registration:Provided always that no disclaimer upon the register shall affect any rights of the proprietor of a trade mark except such as arise out of the registration of the trade mark in respect of which the disclaimer is made.

16. When an application for registration of a trade mark has been acceptel and has not been opposed, and the time for notice of opposition has expired, or having been opposed the opposition has been decided in favour of the applicant, the Registrar shall, unless the Board of Trade otherwise direct, register the said trade mark, and the trade mark, when registered, shall be registered as of the date of the application for registration, and such date shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be the date of registration.

17. On the registration of a trade mark the Registrar shall issue to the applicant a certificate in the prescribed form of the registration of such trade mark under the hand of the Registrar, and sealed with the seal of the Patent Office.

1905. Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 33

18. Where registration of a trade mark is not completed within twelve months from the date of the application by reason of default on the part of the applicant, the Registrar may, after giving notice of the non-completion to the applicant in writing in the prescribed manner, treat the application as abandoned unless it is completed within the time specified in that behalf in such notice.

Identical Trade Marks.

19. Except by order of the Court or in the case of trade marks in use before the thirteenth day of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, no trade mark shall be registered in respect of any goods or description of goods which is identical with one belonging to a different proprietor which is already on the register with respect to such goods or description of goods, or so nearly resembling such a- trade mark as to be calculated to deceive.

20. Where each of several persons claims to be proprietor of the same trade mirk, or of nearly identical trade marks in respect of the same goods or description of goods, and to be registered as such proprietor, the Registrar may refuse to register any of them until their rights have been determined by the Court, or have been settled by agreement in a manner approved by him or (on appoal) by the Board of Trade.

21. In case of honest concurrent user or of other special circumstances which, in the opinion of the Court, make it proper so to do, the Court may permit the registration of the same trade mark, or of nearly identical trade marks, for the same goods or description *of goods by more than one proprietor subject to such conditions and limitations, if any, as to mode or place of user or otherwise, as it may think it right to impose.

Assignment

22. A trade mark when registered shall be assigned and transmitted only in connexion with the goodwill of the business concerned in the goods for which it has been registered and shall be determinable with that goodwill. But nothing in this section contained shall be deemed to affect the right of the proprietor of a registered trade mark to assign the right to use the same in any British possession or protectorate or foreign country in connexion with any goods for which it is registered together with the goodwill of the business therein in such goods.

23. In any case where from any cause, whether by reason of dissolution of partnership or otherwise, a person ceases to carry on business, and the goodwill of such person does not pass to one successor but is divided, the Registrar may (subject to the provisions of this Act as to associated trade marks), on the application of the parties interested, permit an apportionment of the registered trade marks of the person among the persons in fact continuing

C

Non-completion of registration.

Identical

marks.

Rival claims to identical marks.

Concurrent

user.

Assignment and transmission of trade marks.

Apportionmenr of marks on dissolution of partnership.

H

Ch. 15. Trade Marks Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Associated trade marks.

Combined trade marks.

Series of trade marks.

Assignment and user of associated trade marks,

the business subject to such conditions and modifications, if any, as he may think necessary in the public interest. Any decision of the Registrar under this section shall be subject to appeal to the Board of Trade.

Associated Trade Marks.

24. If application be made for the registration of a trade mark so closely resembling a trade mark of the applicant already on the register for the same goods or description of goods as to be calculated to deceive or cause confusion if used by a person other than the applicant, the tribunal hearing the application may require as a condition of registration that such trade marks shall be entered on the register as associated trade marks.

25. If the proprietor of a trade mark claims to be entitled to the exclusive use of any portion of such trade mark separately, he may apply to register the same as separate trade marks. Each such separate trade mark must satisfy all the conditions and shall have all the incidents of an independent trade mark, except that when registered it and the trade mark of which it forms a part shall be deemed to be associated trade marks and shall be entered on the register as such, but the user of the whole trade mark shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be also a user of such registered trade marks belonging to the same proprietor as it contains.

26. When a person claiming to be the proprietor of several trade marks for the same description of goods which, while resembling each other in the material particulars thereof, * yet differ in respect of —

(a) statements of the goods for which they are respectively

used or proposed to be used; or

(b) statements of number, price, quality, or names of places; or

(c) other matter of a non-distinctive character which does not

substantially affect the identity of the trade mark; or

(d) colour;

seeks to register such trade marks, they may be registered as a series in one registration. All the trade marks in a series of trade marks so registered shall be deemed to be, and shall be registered as, associated trade marks.

27. Associated trade marks shall be assignable or transmissible only as a whole and not separately, but they shall for all other purposes be deemed to have been registered as separate trade marks. Provided that, where under the provisions of this Act user of a registered trade mark is required to be proved for any purpose, the tribunal may, if and so far as it shall think right, accept user of an associated registered trade mark, or of the trade mark with additions or alterations not substantially affecting its identity, as an equivalent for such user.

1905. Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 35

Renewal of Registration.

28. The registration of a trade mark shall be for a period Duration of of fourteen years, but may be renewed from time to time in registration, accordance with the provisions of this Act.

29. The Registrar shall, on application made by the registered Renewal of proprietor of a trade mark in the prescribed manner and within registration, the prescribed period, renew the registration of such trade mark

for a period of fourteen years from the expiration of the original registration or of the last renewal of registration, as the case may be, which date is herein termed “ the expiration of the last registration.”

30. At the prescribed time, before the expiration of the last Procedure on

registration of a trade mark, the Registrar shall send notice in the exJ£JT °/

prescribed manner to the registered proprietor at his registered fra™n° rCg18 address of the date at which the existing registration will expire

and the conditions as to payment of fees and otherwise upon which a renewal of such registration may be obtained, and if, at the expiration of the time prescribed in that behalf, such conditions have not been duly complied with, the Registrar may remove such trade mark from the register, subject to such conditions (if any) as to its restoration to the register as may be prescribed.

31. Where a trade mark lias been removed from the register Status of un-

for nonpayment of the fee for renewal, such trade mark shall, trade

nevertheless, for the purpose of any application for registration

during one year next after the date of such removal, be deemed to be a trade mark which is already registered, unless it is shown to the satisfaction of the Registrar that there has been no bond fide trade user of such trade mark during the two years immediately preceding such removal.

Correction and Rectification of the .

32. The Registrar may, on request made in the prescribed Correction of manner by the registered proprietor or by some person entitled r, ; glster« by law to act in his name, —

(1) Correct any error in the name or address of the registered proprietor of a trade mark; or

(2) Enter any change in the name or address of the person who is registered as proprietor of a trade mark; or

(3) Cancel the entry of a trade mark on the register; or

(4) Strike out any goods or classes of goods from those for which a trade mark is registered; or

(5) Enter a disclaimer or memorandum relating to a trade mark which does not in any way extend the rights given by the existing registration of such trade mark.

Any decision of the Registrar under this section shall be subject to appeal to the Board of Trade.

C 2

Ch. 15.

Trade Marks Act, 1905, 5 Edw. 7.

Registration of

tssignments,

fee.

Alteration of registered trade mark.

Rectification of register.

Trade marks registered under previous Acts.

Non- user of rade mark.

33. Subject to the provisions of this Act, where a person becomes entitled to a registered trade mark by assignment, transmission, or other operation of law, the Registrar shall, on request made in the prescribed manner, and on proof of title to his satisfaction, cause the name and address of such person to be entered on the register as proprietor of the trade mark. Any deoision of the Registrar under this section shall be subject to appeal to the Court or, with the consent of the parties, to the Board of Trade.

34. The registered proprietor of any trade mark may apply in the prescribed manner to the Registrar for leave to add to or alter such trade mark in any manner not substantially affecting the identity of the same, and the Registrar may refuse such leave or may graut the same on such terms as he may think fit, but any such refusal or conditional permission shall be subject to appeal to the Board of Trade. If leave be granted, the trade mark as altered shall be advertised in the prescribed manner.

85. Subject to the provisions of this Act —

(1) The Court may, on the application in the prescribed

manner of any person aggrieved by the non-insertion in or omission from the register of any entry, or by any entry made in the register without sufficient cause, or by any entry wrongly remaining on the register, or by any error or defect in any entry in the register, make such order for making, expunging, or varying such entry, as it may think fit:

(2) The Court may in any proceeding under this section

decide any question that it may be necessary or expedient to decide in connexion with the rectification of the register:

(3) In case of fraud in the registration or transmission

of a registered trade mark, the Registrar may himself apply to the Court under the provisions of this section:

(4) Any order of the Court rectifying the register shall

direct that notice of the rectification shall be served upon the Registrar in the prescribed manner who shall upon receipt of such notice rectify the register accordingly.

36. No trade mark which is upon the register at the commencement of this Act and which under this Act is a registrable trade mark shall he removed from the register on the ground that it was not registrable under the Acts in force at the date of its registration. But nothing in this section contained shall subject any person to any liability in respect of any act or thing done before the commencement of this Act to which he would not have been subject under the Acts then in force.

37. A registered trade mark may, on the application to the Court of any person aggrieved, be taken off the register in respect of any .of the goods lor which it is registered, on the ground that it was registered by the proprietor or a predecessor in title without

1905. Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 37

any bond fide intention to use the same in connexion with such goods, and there has in fact been no bond fide user of the same in connexion therewith, or on the ground that there has been no bond fide user of such trade mark in connexion with such goods during the five years immediately preceding the application, unless in either case such non-user is shown to be due to special circumstances in the trade, and not to any intention not to use or to abandon such trade mark in respect of such goods.

Effect of Registration.

08. Subject to the provisions of this Act — Powers of

(1) The person for the time being entered in the register as pr^toiT* P*°

proprietor of a trade mark shall, subject to any rights appearing from such register to be vested in any other person, have power to assign the same, and to give effectual receipts for any consideration for such assignment:

(2) Any equities in respect of a trade mark may be enforced in like manner as in respect of any other personal property.

09. Subject to the provisions of section forty-one of this Act Rights of pro-

and to any limitations and conditions entered upon the register, of trA<ic

the registration of a person as proprietor of a trade mark shall,

if valid, give to such person the exclusive right to the use of such trade mark upon or in connexion with the goods in. respect Of which it is registered: Provided always that, where two or more persons are registered proprietors of the same (or substantially the same) trade mark in respect of the same goods, no rights of exclusive user of such trade mark shall (except so far as their respective rights shall have been defined by the Court) be acquired by any one of such persons as against any other by the registration thereof, but each of such persons shall otherwise have the same rights as if he were the sole registered proprietor thereof.

40. In all legal proceedings relating to a registered trade Registration to mark (including applications under section thirty-five of this Act) evidence of °:e the fact that a person is registered as proprietor of such trade validity, mark shall be prima facie evidence of the validity of the Original registration of such trade mark and of all subsequent assignments

and transmissions of the same.

41. In all legal proceedings relating to a registered trade Registration to mark (including applications under section thirty-five of this Act) ^r°g|“^ve the original registration of such trade mark shall after the expira- yeaFS.

tion of seven years from the date of such original registration (or seven years from the passing of this Act, whichever shall last happen) be taken to be valid in all respects unless such original registration was obtained by fraud, or unless the trade mark offends against the provisions of section eleven of this Act;

Provided that nothing in this Act shall entitle the proprietor of a registered trade mark to interfere with or restrain the user by

88 Ch. 15. Trade Marks Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Unregistered trade mark.

Infringement.

User of name, address, or description of goods.

“ Passing off” action.

Certificate of validity.

Registrar to have notice of proceeding for rectification.

any person of a similar trade mark upon or in connexion with goods upon or in connexion with which such person has, by himself or his predecessors in business, continuously used such trade mark from a date anterior to the user of the first-mentioned trade mark by the proprietor thereof or his predecessors in business, or to object (on such user being proved) to such person being put upon the register for such similar trade mark in respect of such goods under the provisions of section twenty-one of this Act.

42. No person shall be entitled to institute any proceeding to prevent or to recover damages for the infringement of an unregistered trade mark unless such trade mark was in use before the thirteenth of August one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and has been refused registration under this Act. The Registrar may, on request, grant a certificate that such registration has been refused.

43. In an action for the infringement of a trade mark the Court trying the question of infringement shall admit evidence of the usages of the trade in respect to the get-up of the goods for which the trade mark is registered, and of any trade marks or get-up legitimately used in connexion with such goods by other persons.

44. No registration under this Act shall interfere with any bona fide use by a person of his own name or place of business or that of any of his predecessors in business, or the use by any person of any bona fide description of the character or quality of his goods.

45. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to affect rights of action against any person for passing off goods as those of another person or the remedies in respect thereof.

Legal Proceedings.

46. In any legal proceeding in which the validity of the registration of a registered trade mark comes into question and is decided in favour of the proprietor of such trade mark, the Court may certify the same, and if it so certifies then in any subsequent legal proceeding in which such validity comes into question the proprietor of the said trade mark on obtaining a final order or

' judgment in his favour shall have his full costs, charges and expenses as between solicitor and client, unless in such subsequent proceeding the Court ceitifies that he ought not to have the same.

47. In any legal proceeding in which the relief sought includes alteration or rectification of the register, the Registrar shall have the right to appear and be heard, and shall appear if so directed by the Court. Unless otherwise directed by the Court, the Registrar in lieu of appearing and being heard may submit to the Court a statement in writing signed by him, giving particulars of the proceedings before him in relation to the matter in issue or of the grounds of any decision given by him affecting the same or of the

1905. Trade Marks, 1905. Ch. 15. 39

practice of the office in like cases, or of such other matters relevant to the issues, and within his knowledge as such Registrar, as he shall think fit, and such statement shall be deemed to form part of the evidence in the proceeding.

Costs

48. In all proceedings before the Court under this Act the Costs of procosts of the Registrar shall be in the discretion of the Court, but ceedings before the Registrar shall not be ordered to pay the costs of any other of Ue Couit* the parties.

Evidence.

49. In any proceeding under this Act before the Board of Mode of giving Trade or the Registrar, the evidence shall be given by statutory evidence, declaration in the absence of directions to the contrary, but, in any

case in which it shall think it right so to do, the tribunal may (with the consent of the parties) take evidence viv& voce in lieu of or in addition to evidence by declaration. Any such statutory declaration may in the case of appeal be used before the Court in lieu of evidence by affidavit, but if so used shall have all the incidents and consequences of evidence by affidavit.

In case any part of the evidence is taken viva voce the Board of Trade or the Registrar shall in respect of requiring the attendance of witnesses and taking evidence on oath be in the same position in all respects as an Official Referee of the Supreme Court.

50. Printed or written copies or extracts of or from the Sealed copies register, purporting to be certified by the Registrar and sealed to'be evidence, with the seal of the Patent Office, shall be admitted in evidence in

all courts in "His Majesty’s dominions, and in all proceedings, without further proof or production of the originals.

51. A certificate purporting to be under the hand of the Certificate of Registrar as to any entry, matter, or thing which he is authorised Registrar to be by this Act, or rules made thereunder, to make or do, shall be evl ence* prima facie evidence of the entry having been made, and of the

contents thereof, and of the matter or thing having been done or not done.

52. — (1) All documents purporting to be orders made by the Certificate of Board of Trade and to be sealed with the seal of the Board, or

to be signed by a secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, to e evl ence *

or by any person authorised in that behalf by the President

of the Board, shall be received in evidence, and shall be deemed

to be such orders without further proof, unless the contrary is

shown.

(2) A certificate, signed by the President of the Board of Trade, that any order made or act done is the order or act of the Board, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so certified.

40 Ch. 15. Trade Marks Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Exercise of discretionary power by Registrar.

Appeal from Registrar.

Recognition of agents.

Registrar may take directions of law officers.

Annual reports of Comptroller.

46 & 47 Vict, c. 67.

Proceedings before Board of Trade.

Appeals to Board of Trade.

Part II.

Powers and Duties of Registrar of Trade Marks.

53. Where any discretionary or other power is given to the Registrar by this Act or rules made thereunder, he shall not exercise ihat power adversely to the applicant for registration or the registered proprietor of the trade mark in question without (if duly required so to do within the prescribed time) giving such applicant or registered proprietor an opportunity of being heard.

54. Except where expressly given by the provisions of this Act or rules made thereunder there shall be no appeal from a decision of the Registrar otherwise than to the Board of Trade, but the Court, in dealing with any question of the rectification of the register (including all applications under the provisions of section thirty-five of this Act), shall have power to review any decision of the Registrar relating to the entry in question or the correction sought to be made.

55. Where by this Act any act has to be done by or to any person in connexion with a trade mark or proposed trade mark or any procedure relating thereto, such act may under and in accordance with rules made under this Act or in particular cases by special leave of the Board of Trade be done by or to an agent of such party duly authorised in the prescribed manner.

56. The Registrar may, in any case of doubt or difficulty arising in the administration of any of the provisions of this Act, apply to His Majesty’s Attorney-General or Solicitor-General for England for directions in the matter.

57. The Comptroller-General of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks shall in his yearly report on the execution by or under him of the Patents, Designs and Trade Marks Act, 1883, and Acts amending the same, include a report respecting the execution by or under him of this Act as though it formed a part of or was included in such Acts.

Powers and Duties of the Board of Trade.

58. All things required or authorised under this Act to be done by to or before the Board of Trade may be done by to or before the President or a secretary or an assistant secretary of the Board or any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board.

59. Where under this Act an appeal is made to the Board of Trade, the Board of Trade may, if they think fit, refer any such appeal to the Court in lieu of hearing and deciding it themselves, but, unless the Board so refer the appeal, it shall be heard and decided by the Board, and the decision of the Board shall be final.

1905. Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 41

60. — (1) Subject to the provisions of thi9 Act the Board of Power of

Trade may from time to time make such rules, prescribe such J^Setomake forms and generally do such things as they think expedient — ruics.

(a) For regulating the practice under this Act:

(b) For classifying goods for the purposes of registration of

trade marks:

(c) For making or requiring duplicates of trade marks and other documents:

(d) For securing and regulating the publishing and selling or

distributing, in such manner as the Board of Trade think fit, of copies of trade marks and other documents:

(e) Generally, for regulating the business of the office in relation to trade marks and all things by this Act placed under the direction or control of the Registrar or of the Board of Trade.

(2) Rules made under this section shall, whilst in force, be of the same effect as if they were contained in this Act.

(3) Before making any rules under this section the Board of Trade shall publish notice of their intention to make the rules and of the place where copies of the draft rules may be obtained in such manner as the Board consider most expedient, so as to enable persons- affected to make representations to the Board before the lules are finally settled.

(4) Any rules made in pursuance of this section shall be forthwith advertised twice in the Trade Marks Journal, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be in session at the time of making thereof, or, if not, then as soon as practicable after the beginning of the then next session of Parliament.

(5) If either House of Parliament, within the next forty days after any rules have been so laid before such House, resolve that such rules or any of them ought to be annulled, the same shall after the date of .such resolution be of no effect, without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime under such rules or rule or to the making of any new rules or rule.

Fees.

61. There shall be paid in respect of applications and regis- Fees, tration and other matters under this Act such fees as may

be, with the sanction of the Treasury, prescribed by the Board of Trade.

Special Trade Marks.

62. "Where any association or person undertakes the exami- Standardiza-nation of any goods in respect of origin, material, mode of JJ^J*trade manufacture, quality, accuracy, or other characteristic, and certifies the result of such examination by mark used upon or in connexion with such goods, the Board of Trade may, if they shall judge it to be to the public advantage, permit such association or person to register such mark as a trade mark in respect

42 Ch. 15. Trade Marks Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Sheffield marks.

of such goods, whether or not such association or person he a trading association or trader or possessed of a goodwill in connexion with such examination and certifying. When so registered such trade mark shall be deemed in all respects to be a registered trade mark, and such association or person to be the proprietor thereof, save that such trade mark shall be transmissible or assignable only by permission of the Board of Trade.

Sheffield Marks.

63. With respect to the master, wardens, searchers, assistants and commonalty of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, in the county of York (in this Act called the Cutlers’ Company), find the marks or devices (in this Act called Sheffield marks) assigned or registered by the master, wardens, searchers and assistants of that company, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1) The Cutlers’ Company shall continue to keep at Sheffield

the register of trade marks (in this Act called the Sheffield register) kept by them at the date of the commencement of this Act, and, save as otherwise provided by this Act, such register shall for all purposes form part of the register:

(2) The Cutlers’ Company shall, on request made in the prescribed manner, enter in the Sheffield register, in respect of metal goods as defined in this section, all the trade marks which shall have been assigned by the Cutlers* Company and actually used before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, but which have not been entered in such register before the passing of this Act:

(3) An application for registration of a trade mark used on

metal goods shall, if made after the commencement of this Act by a person carrying on business in Hallamshire, or within six miles thereof, be made to the Cutlers’ Company:

(4) Every application so made to the Cutlers’ Company shall

be notified to the Registrar in the prescribed manner, and, unless the Registrar within the prescribed time gives notice to the Cutlers’ Company of any objection to the acceptance of the application, it shall be proceeded with by the Cutlers’ Company in the prescribed manner:

(5) If the Registrar gives notice of an objection as aforesaid,

the application shall not be proceeded with by the Cutlers’ Company, but any person aggrieved may in the prescribed manner appeal to the Court:

(0) Upon the registration of a trade mark in the Sheffield register the Cutlers’ Company shall give notice thereof to the Registrar, who shall thereupon enter the mark in the register of trade marks; and such registration shall bear date as of the day of application to the

1905.

Trade Marks, 1905. Ch. 15. 43

Cutlers’ Company, and have the same effect as if the application had been made to the Registrar on that day:

(7) The provisions of this Act, and of any rules made under

this Act with respect to the registration of trade marks, and all matters relating thereto, shall, subject to the provisions of this section (and notwithstanding anything in any Act relating to the Cutlers’ Company), apply to the registration of trade marks on metal goods by the Cutlers’ Company, and to all matters relating thereto; and this Act and any such rules shall, so far as applicable, be construed accordingly with the substitution of the Cutlers’ Company, the office of the Cutlers’ Company and the Sheffield register for the Registrar, the Patent Offifce and the Register of Trade Marks respectively; and qptice of every entry, cancellation, or correction made in the Sheffield register shall be given to the Registrar by the Cutlers’ Company:

(8) When the Registrar receives from any person not carrying on business in Hallamshire or within six miles thereof an application for registration of a trade mark used on metal goods, he shall in the prescribed manner notify the application and proceedings thereon to the Cutlers’ Company:

(9) Any person aggrieved by a decision of the Cutlers’ Company in respect of anything done or omitted under this Act may, in the prescribed manner, appeal to the Court:

(10) For the purposes of this section the expression “metal goods” means all metals, whether wrought, unwrought, or partly wrought, and all goods composed wholly or partly of any metal:

(11) For the purpose of legal proceedings in relation to trade marks entered in the Sheffield register a certificate under the hand of the Master of the Cutlers’ Company shall have the same effect as the certificate of the Registrar.

Cotton Marks.

64. — (1) The Manchester Branch of the Trade Marks Registry of the Patent Office (herein-after called “the Manchester Branch”) shall be continued according to its present constitution. A chief officer of the Manchester Branch shall be appointed who shall be styled “the Keeper of Cotton Marks, ” and shall act under the direction of the Registrar. The present keeper of the Manchester Branch shall be the first Keeper of Cotton Marks.

(2) As regards cotton goods which have hitherto constituted classes 23, 24 and 25, under the classification of goods under the Patents, Designs and Trade Marks Acts, 1883 to 1902, the Register of Trade Marks for all such goods, except such as may

Cotton marks.

44 Ch. 15. Trade Marks Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

39 & 40 Vict. C.13.

be prescribed, shall be called “the Manchester Register, ” and a duplicate thereof shall be kept at the Manchester Branch.

(3) All applications for registration of trade marks for such cotton goods in the said classes (herein-after referred to as “ cotton marks ”) shall be made to the Manchester Branch.

(4) Every application so made to the Manchester Branch shall be notified to the Registrar in the prescribed manner together with the report of the Keeper of Cotton Marks thereon, and unless the Registrar, after considering the report and hearing, if so required, the applicant, within the prescribed time gives notice to the Keeper of Cotton Marks of objection to the acceptance of the application, it shall be advertised by the Manchester Branch and shall be proceeded with in the prescribed manner.

(5) If the Registrar gives notice of objection as aforesaid the application shall not be proceeded with, but any person aggrieved may in the prescribed manner appeal tb the Court or the Board of Trade, at the option of the applicant.

(6) Upon the registration of a trade mark in the Manchester Register the Keeper of Cotton Marks shall upon notice thereof from the Registrar thereupon enter the mark in the duplicate of the Manchester Register, and such registration shall bear date as of the day of application to the Manchester Branch, and shall have the same effect as if the application had been made to the Registrar on that day.

(7) When any mark is removed from or any cancellation or correction made in the Manchester Register notice thereof shall be given by the Registrar to the Keeper of Cotton Marks, who shall alter the duplicate register accordingly.

(8) For the purpose of all proceedings in relation to trade marks entered in the Manchester Register a certificate under the hand of the Keeper of Cotton Marks shall have the same effect as a certificate of the Registrar.

(9) In every application for registration of a cotton mark, if such mark has been used by the applicant or his predecessors in business prior to the date of application, the length of time of such user shall be stated on the application.

(10) As from the passing of this Act —

(a) In respect of cotton piece goods and cotton yarn no mark consisting of a word or words alone (whether invented or otherwise) shall be registered, and no word or words shall be deemed to be distinctive in respect of such goods:

(b) In respect of cotton piece goods no mark consisting of a line heading alone shall be registered, and no line heading shall be deemed to be distinctive in respect of such goods:

(c) No registration of a cotton mark shall give any exclusive right to the use of any word, letter, numeral, line heading, or any combination thereof.

(11) The right of inspection of the Manchester Register shall extend to and include the right to inspect all applications whatsoever that have been since the passing of the Trade Marks

1905. Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 45

Registration Act, 1875, and hereafter shall have been made to the Manchester Branch in respect of cotton goods in classes 23, 24 and 25, whether registered, refused, lapsed, expired, withdrawn, abandoned, cancelled, or pending.

(12) The Keeper of Cotton Marks shall, on request, and on production of a facsimile of the mark, and on payment of the prescribed fee, issue a certified copy of the application for registration of any cotton mark, setting forth in such certificate the length of time of user (if any) of such mark as stated on the application, and any other particulars he may deem necessary.

(13) As regards any rules or forms affecting cotton marks which are proposed by the Board of Trade to be made, the draft of the same shall be sent to the Keeper of Cotton Marks and also to the Manchester Chamber of Commerce. And the said Keeper, and also the said Chamber, shall, if they or either of them so request, be entitled to be heard by the Board of Trade upon such proposed rules before the same are carried into effect.

(14) The existing practice, whereby the Keeper of the Manchester Branch consults the Trade and Merchandise Marks Committee appointed by the Manchester Chamber of Commerce upon questions of novelty or difficulty arising on applications to register cotton marks, shall be continued by the Keeper of Cotton Marks.

International and Colonial Arrangements.

65. The provisions of sections one hundred and three and one hundred and four of the Patents, Designs and Trade Marks Act, 1883 (as amended by the Patents, Designs and Trade Marks (Amendment) Act, 1885), relating to the registration of trade marks both as enacted in such Acts and as applied by any Order in Council made thereunder, shall be construed as applying to trade marks registrable under this Act.

Offences.

66. If any person makes or causes to be made a false entry in the register kept under this Act, or a writing falsely purporting to be a copy of an entry in any such register, or produces or tenders or causes to be produced or tendered in evidence any such writing, knowing the entry or writing to be false, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

67. — (1) Any person who represents a trade mark as registered which is not so shall be liable for every offence on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) A person shall be deemed, for the purposes of this enactment, to represent that a trade mark is registered, if he uses in connexion with the trade mark the word “registered, ” or any words expressing or implying that registration has been obtained for the trade mark.

Royal Arms.

60. If any person, without the authority of His Majesty, uses in connexion with any trade, business, calling, or profession, the

International and Colonial arrangements.

48 & 49 Vict. c. 63.

Falsification of entries in register.

Penalty on falsely representing a trade mark as registered.

Unauthorised assumption of Royal Arms.

46 Ch. 15. Trade Marks Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

General saving for jurisdiction of Courts.

Isle of Man.

Jurisdiction of Lancashire Palatine Court.

Royal Anna (or arms so closely resembling the same as to be calculated to deceive) in such manner as to be calculated to lead to the belief that he is duly authorised so to use the Royal Arms, or if any person without the authority of His Majesty or of a member of the Royal Family, uses in connexion with any trade, business, calling, or profession any device, emblem, or title in such manner as to be calculated to lead to the belief that he is employed by or supplies goods to His Majesty or such member of the Royal Family, he may, at the suit of any person who is authorised to use such arms or such device, emblem, or title, or is authorised by the Lord Chamberlain to take proceedings in that behalf, be restrained by injunction or interdict from continuing so to use the same: Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the right, if any, of the proprietor of a trade mark containing any such arms, device, emblem, or title to continue to use such trade mark.

Courts.

69. The provisions of this Act conferring a special jurisdiction on the Court as defined by this Act shall not, except so far as the jurisdiction extends, affect the jurisdiction of any court in Scotland or Ireland in any proceedings relating to trade marks; and with reference to any such proceedings in Scotland the term “ the Court ” shall mean the Court of Session; and with reference to any such proceedings in Ireland the term “ the Court” shall mean the High Court of Justice in Ireland.

70. This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man, and —

(1) Nothing in this Act shall affect the jurisdiction of the Courts in the Isle of Man in proceedings for infringement or in any action or proceeding respecting a trade mark competent to those courts:

(2) The punishment for a misdemeanor under this Act in the Isle of Man shall be imprisonment for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour and with or without a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, at the discretion of the Court:

(3) Any offence under this Act committed in the Isle of Man which would in England be punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted, and any fine in respect thereof recovered at the instance of any person aggrieved, in the manner in which offences punishable on summary conviction may for the time being be prosecuted.

71. The Court of Chancery oE the County Palatine of Lancaster shall, with respect to any action or other proceeding in relation to trade marks, the registration whereof is applied for in the Manchester Branch, have the like jurisdiction under this Act as His Majesty’s High Court of Justice in England, and the expression “ the Court ” in this Act shall be construed and have effect accordingly:

1905. Trade Marks Act, 1905. Ch. 15. 47

Provided that every decision of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster in pursuance of this section shall be subject to the like appeal as decisions of that Court in other cases.

72. In Scotland any offence under this Act declared to be punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted in the Sheriff Court.

Repeal; Savings.

73. The enactments described in the schedule to this Act are repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column, but this repeal shall not affect any rule, table of fees, or classification of goods made under any enactment so repealed, but every such rule, table of fees, or classification of goods shall continue in force as if made under this Act until superseded by rules, tables of fees, or classification under this Act.

74. The provisions of sections eighty-two to eighty-four of the Patents, Designs and Trade Marks Act, 1883, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall continue to apply with respect to the administration at the Patent Office of the law relating to the registration of trade marks, and shall accordingly be construed as if this Act formed part of that Act.

SCHEDULE. Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

46 & 47 Vict. The Patents, Designs Sections sixty-two to eighty-one.

c. 57. and Trade Marks Act, 1883. and, so far as they respectively relate to trade marks, sections eighty-five to ninety-nine, one hundred and one, one hundred and two, one hundred and five, one hundred and eight and one hundred and eleven to one hundred and seventeen.

51 & 52 Vict. The Patents, Designs Sections eight to twenty, and, so

c. 50. and Trade Marks Act, 1888. far as they respectively relate to trade mar.es, sections twenty-one to twenty-six.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Offences in Scotland.

Itcpeal and saving for rules, &c.

Application of 40 & 47 Vict. c. 57. s<. 82-84.

Section 79.

4S

Ch. 17.

Isle of Man (Custom) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Continuance of additional duties on tobacco, tea, spirits, ale and beer.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 31.

[Short title.]

Issue of 1, 445?. 17s. 4d.out of

the Consolidated Fund.

Issue of 66, 495, 748?. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

1. The additional duties of Customs on tobacco, tea and spirits removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by section one of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1900, and the additional duty on ale and beer removed or imported into the Isle of Man, imposed by the second paragraph of section two of that Act, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August nineteen hundred and five until the first day of August nineteen hundred and six.

2. This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, J905.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four and one thousand nine hundred and six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[11th August 1905.)

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

Grants out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending* on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four, the sum of one thousand four hundred and forty-five pounds seventeen shillings and fourpence.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six, the sum of sixty-six million four hundred and ninety-five thousand seven hundred and forty-eight pounds.

3. — (1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and

1905. Appropriation Act, 1905. Ch. 17. 49

the .Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sums any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole sixty-six million four hundred and ninety-seven thousand one hundred and ninety-three pounds seventeen shillings and fourpence.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and six, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

4. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of one hundred and eleven million nine hundred and thirty-two thousand and twenty-three pounds seventeen shillings and fourpence, are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the first of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified in Schedule (B.) annexed hereto, the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

5. If a necessity arise for incurring expenditure not provided for in the sums appropriated to naval and military services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course, the department entrusted with the control over the said service shall forthwith make application in writing to the Treasury for their authority to defray temporarily such expenditure out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the saving of expenditure upon votes within the same department, and in such application the department shall

D

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency, authorise expenditure unprovided for | provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services and for the army services respectively be not exceeded.

50 Ch. 17. Appropriation Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

represent to the Treasury the circumstances which may render such additional expenditure necessary, and thereupon the Treasury may authorise the expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon votes within the same department; and a statement showing all cases in which the naval and military departments have obtained the sanction of the Treasury to any expenditure not provided for in the respective votes aforesaid, accompanied by copies of the representations made to them by the said department, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of navy and army services for the year, in order that such proceedings may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament, and that provision may be made for the deficiencies upon the several votes for the said services in such manner as Parliament may determine.

The Treasury shall not authorise any expenditure which may cause an excess upon the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for naval services and for army services respectively.

Sanction for 6. Whereas the Treasury, under the powers vested in them

navy and army by the Appropriation Act, 1903, and the Appropriation Act, 1904, m^lseJun-1 kave authorised expenditure not provided for in the sums appro-provided for. priated by the said Acts to certain votes for naval and military

3 Edw. 7. c. 32. services for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March one

4 Edw. 7.c. 17. thousand nine hundred and four to be temporarily defrayed out

of surpluses effected by the saving of expenditure on other votes for naval and military services for the said year; viz.,

1st. A sum of two hundred and thirty^seven thousand six hundred and four pounds five shillings and twopence for navy services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes, aided by sums realised in excess of the estimated Appropriations in Aid;

2nd. A. sum of nine hundred and one thousand six hundred and fifty-three pounds nine shillings and fourpence for army services out of the unexpended balances of certain votes:

It is enacted that the application of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

Declaration 7. A person shall not receive any part of a grant which may be

required in made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or army, navy, or civil

beforeVecei^ non'eActive services, until he has subscribed such declaration as of sums appro- may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury

printed.

before one of the persons prescribed by such warrant:

Provided that, whenever any such payment is made at more frequent intervals than once in a quarter, the Treasury may dispense with the production of more than one declaration in respect of each quarter.

Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section, knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.

[Short title.]

8. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1905.

Appropriation Act, 1905,

Ch. 17. 51

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A)

£ «.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund ... 111, 932, 023 17 4

SCHEDULE (B.) — Appropriation of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

‘ Supply Grants. I Appropriations in

1903-1904-1905.

Part 1. Navy Excess, 1903-4 >, 2. Civil Services Excess, 1803-4 -, 3. Army (Supplementary), 1904-

1905.

* , 4. Civil Services (Supplementary), 1904-1905

1905-1906.

” 5* *aS '

” L Army (Ordnance Factories) -

7. Civil Services, Class I.

8. Ditto, Class II.

9. Ditto, Class III.

10. Ditto, Class IV.

11. Ditto, Class V.

12. Ditto, Class VI.

13. Ditto, Class VII.

Total Civil Services - £

13. Revenue Departments, <fcc. - £

Grand Total - -

£ 8. d. £ s. d.

100 0 0 97, 850 15 5

1, 345 17 4 96 9 4

550,000 0 0 600,000 0 0

76, 630 0 0 11, 490 0 0

628, 075 17 4 709, 437 4 9

33, 389, 500 0 0 1, 688, 687 0 0

29, 813,000 0 0 3, 557, 725 0 0

100 0 0 3, 350,000 0 0

63, 202, 600 0 0 8, 596, 412 0 0

2, 700, 861 0 0 102, 204 0 e

2, 738, 163 0 0 578, 722 0 0

3, 860, 206 0 0 791, 968 0 0

16, 330, 337 0 0 28, 368 0 0

1, 927, 445 0 0 164, 040 0 0

816, 502 0 0 147 0 0

292, 359 0 0 5, 400 0 0

28, 665, 873 0 0 1, 670, 849 0 0

19, 435, 475 0 0 503, 255 0 0

111, 932, 023 17 4 11, 479, 953 4 9

D 2

52

Ch. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (A.

SCHED. (B.) Part 1.

Navy

excesses.

SCHED. (B.) Pari 2.

Civil

Services

excess.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grant out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the years ended on the 31st March «. d.

1904 and 1905

Tinder Act 5 Edw. 7. c. 1. .... 626, 630 0 0

Under this Act - - 1, 445 17

For the service of the year ending on 31st March 1906: —

Under Act 5 Edw. 7. c. 1. .... 28, 172.000 0 0

Under Act 5 Edw. 7. c. 6. - - - - 16, 636, 200 0 0

Under this Act - 66, 495, 748 0 0

Total - - - -£111, 932, 023 17 4

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 1.

Navy Excesses, 1903-1904.

Sum not exceeding

Supply Appropriation

Grant. in Aid.

Sum granted to make good excesses of Navy Expenditure beyond the Grants for the year £ £ .

ended on the 31st day of March 1904 100 1 97, 850 15 5

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 2.

Civil Services Excess, 1903-1904.

Sum not exceeding

Supply Grant. Appropriation in Aid.

Sum granted to make good an excess on the £ 8. d. £ 8.

Grant for Diplomatic and Consular Buildings for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1904 1, 345 17 4 96 9 4
---
1905. Appropriation Act, 1905. Ch. 17. 53

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Army Supplementary, 1904-1905.

Sum granted to meet additional expenditure in respect of the following Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1905, viz.: —

£ s. d.

Pay, &c. of the Army - 985,000 0 0

Medical Establishments, Pay, &c. - 21,000 0 0

Transport and remounts - 265,000 0 0

Provisions, forage, and other supplies - 260,000 0 0

Miscellaneous Effective Services - 2,000 0 0

Retired Pay, Half-pay, and other non-effective charges for Officers, &c. - 1,000 0 0

Pensions and other non-effective charges for Warrant Officers, Non-Commissioned Officers Men, and others - 2,000 0 0

£1,536,000 0 0

Less Surpluses on other Votes - 386,000 0 0

1,150,000 0 0

Deduct Appropriations in Aid - 600,000 0 0

£ 550,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 4.

Civil Service (Supplementary), 1904 - 1905.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1905; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. £ - Appropriations in Aid. £

Civil Services.

Class III.

For the salaries and expenses of the Departments of the Solicitor for the Affairs of His Majesty’s Treasury, King’s Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the cost of Prosecutions, and other Legal Proceedings - 12,000 - 1,000

For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts - 10 - 10,490

For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Irish Land Commission - 700 - 0

For the expenses of Reformatory and Industrial Schools in Ireland - 860 - 0

For the expenses of the maintenance of Criminal Lunatics in the Dundrum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland - 60 - 0

Class IV.

For expenses connected with the Relief of the National Antarctic Expedition - 9,000 - 0

Class V.

For the expenses of the British Protectorate in Somaliland - 54,000 - 0

Total - £ 76,630 - 11,490

54 Ch. 17. Appropriation Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 5.

NAVY.
---
Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied a» appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which wlLI come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1906; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid-

No. 1. For wages, &c. to 129,000 officers, seamen, and £ £

boyB, coastguard, and Royal marines - 6, 672,000 135, 500

2. For victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad - 2, 256, 600 580, 251

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 277, 500 20, 871

4. For martial law, including the cost of naval prisons at home and abroad - 14,000 332

5- For educational services - - - 161, 900 57, 352

6. For scientific services 69, 300 20, 097

7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve (including seamen pensioner reserve) and the royal naval volunteers, &c. - 420, 600 8, 120

8. Sect 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding,

repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad 2, 768, 300 21, 800

Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, Ac., including the cost of establishments of dockyards and naval yards at home and abroad - 4, 816, 900 528,000

Sect. 3. For contract work for shipbuilding, k repairs, &c. - - - 7, 827, 800 132,000

9. For naval armaments - 2, 986,000 97, 557

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith 1, 905, 200 30,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective services - 454,000 15, 095

12. For the Admiralty Office - 336, 400 8, 850

13. For half-pay, reserved and retired pay to officers of the navy and marines 800, 900 12, 844

14. For naval and marine pensions, gratuities, and compassionate allowances - 1, 233, 900 19, 761

15. For civil pensions and gratuities 388, 200 448

Total Navy Services - 33, 339, 500 1, 688, 687

1905

Appropriation Act, 1905.

Ch. 17.

55

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 6.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 51st day of March 1906 j viz.: —

No.

1. For the pay, &c. of His Majesty’s Army (including Army Reserve to a number not exceeding 104,000) at home and abroad (exclusive of India) -

2. For the pay, &c. of the medical establishment and for medicines, &c.

8. For the pay, bounty, &c. of the militia (to a number not exceeding 140, 591, including 7, 500 militia reserve) -

4. For the pay and allowances of the Imperial yeomanry -

5. For capitation grants and miscellaneous charges of volunteer corps, including pay, c.of the permanent staff -

6. For quarterings, transport, and remounts -

7. For supplies and clothing -

8. For the Ordaance Department establishments and the supply and repair of general stores -

9. For the supply and repair of armaments and engineer stores -

10. For barrack construction, the staff for engineer services, and charges for works, buildings, and repairs at home and abroad (including purchases) -

11. For certain establishments for military education -

12. For sundry miscellaneous effective services -

13. For the War Office and Army Accounts Department -

14. For retired pay, half-pay, and other non-effective charges for officers, &c.

15. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, and the in-pensioners thereof, for out-pensions, for the maintenance of lunatics for whom pensions are not drawn, for gratuities awarded in commutation and in lieu of pensions, for rewards for meritorious services, for Victoria Cross pensions, and for pensions, &c. to the widows and children of warrant officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, &c.

16. For Civil superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances, and gratuities -

Total Army Services -

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

10, 101,000 1, 223,000

482,000 1, 500

817,000 11,000

438,000 500

1, 220,000 2.190.000 4.630.000 2,000 53,000 400,000

838,000 238,000

2, 489,000 482,000

2, 330,000 154, 300

130,000 72,000 63, 600 700

545,000 250

1, 677,000 442,000

1, 673,000 485, 862

181,000 13

29, 813,000 3, 557, 725

SCHED. (B.) Pabt 6.

Army.

56

Ch. 17. Appropriation Act, 1905.

5 7

SCHED. (B.) Part 6. Army.

. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Army (Ordnance Factories). £

For the ordnance factories, the cost of produotionB of which is charged to the army, navy, and Indian and Colonial Governments 100 3, 350,000

Total Army Services (including Ordnance \ Factories) - - - - £ j 29, 813, 100 6, 907, 725

Schkd. (B.) Part 7.

Civil Services. Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 7.

0O°‘:““, r CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

SCHEDULE of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several C^fiL Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come u lh course o tpayment duiing the year ending on the 31st day of March 00C19O6; viQ,

000, 2 000, 022. r

oooo, er. 'j' '0, 0': r, 2

000(‘j04 0c0, * »t 0, 1 *

a.

000, 802 000, 803 . g,

bus

UA.00.23t 000.081, 2 .

1. For expenditure in respect of * royal palaces

2. For expenditure in respect ittfl Osborne

3. For the royal parks anft rpfaagnre gardens

4. For expenditure in respect of the Houses of

Parliament building*o^hclwddiig a supple* u‘ ' ' fyhentar^titiAjb&f 3, 150Z.) -

5i For expeiidftd& in respeobiofoamstellaneous legal l^uildings, GreatiB^itiiitiirjoo^a.

C-N For expenditure'in respect of-Art and Science buildings, Great Britaim tj if to ban 71 Fe^ fexpenditure ’ii respect-of diplo»n^t«band consular buildings, and; fQr! (thq-«aaintmftnce of certain cemeterieqddntafkdq-juo -iot , Wig-

8. For the Customs, Inlandav«nte»ItoattOfBcQ>

and Post Office Telegraph.tbu$ldings ijftGre&t Britain, and certauk<)^>d^>0Qfi&eb$>rfihn@4d»t including furniture, ! .fcttiVf andoi i&Rftdny-: miscellaneous service*?) , »rcoia«oq 'roPbnu .«?nPx

9, For expenditure in respectf of raundry jp»blifi. ildm^ialih-feat Britain?) pot pifovft^djfiWo

on other votes bi*n .'rroiRwneqirfpo , nori l(>.rFor the Buk^by Sf the UnitedbEing^Om^djfor,

* minor services connected therewith -lUJPpr-. pjaintspiaa certain harbours, y 'Board of Tradfe'ana for’grants i:

— harbours- — 

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

62, 500 14, 900 105, 400 775 1, 800 6, 718

59, 850 341

66, 960 700

44,000 95

94, 900 930

Ic

uni. )'i ab'x, i(jj6a3, 700)bin: S'.VCii. 3, 570

bon >r-.H::nKT vDM,

207, 650' n ' 24, 600

jatoT

21, 565 2, 600

1905.

Appropriation, 1905.

Ch. 17.

57

' Sotos not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. £ £

12. For constructing a new harbour of refuge at Peterhead 32,000

18. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &e., in respect of Government property, and for rates on houses occupied by Representatives of Foreign Powers, and for salaries and expenses of the rating of Government property department, and for a contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade 616, 295 27, 170

14. For the erection, repairs, and maintenance of public buildings in Ireland, for the maintenance of certain parks and public works, and for the maintenance of drainage works on the River Shannon ... 214, 509 6, 300

15. For payments under the Tramways and Public Companies (Ireland) Act, 1883, Ac., the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1895, the Railways (Ireland) Act, 1896, and the Marine Works (Ireland) Act, 1902 - 59, 632

Total Civil Services, Class L - 2, 700, 861 102, 204

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may he applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day o March 1906; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of the House of Lords -

2. For the salaries and expenses in the offices of the House of Commons -

3. For the salaries and other expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s Treasury and subordinate departments, including expenses AA- An respect of advances under the Light Railed g, « wayg Act, 1896 -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

17, 051 25,000

35, 500 24,000

98, 595 3, 614

Sched. (B.)

Past 7. Civil Services. Class L

SCHED. (B.) Past 8.

Civil Services. Class II.

58

0H. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

il Servfcot, Class II.

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department and subordinate offices -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, including a grant in aid of certain expenses connected with Emigration -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments, including a grant in aid -

9. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the Mercantile Marine -

10. For meeting the deficiency of income from fees, &c. for the requirements of the Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1883 and 1890, and the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890 -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries and of Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including certain grants in aid -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England -

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses of coinage -

19. For the salaries and expenses of the National Debt Office -

20. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

21. For the salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners -

22. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in England -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

174, 629 9,000

65, 103 600

53, 920 —

9, 370 1, 802

239, 925 9, 205

99, 919 54, 950

8 132, 170

120, 605 34, 050

30, 689 —

. 41, 905 —

65, 155 2, 517

7, 680 —

232, 954 5, 300

15, 458 1, 028

53 108, 200

13, 063 2, 773

24, 569 —

24 10, 900

39, 895 8, 560

1905.

A appropriation A ct, ' 1905'.

Cfl. 1?.

59

Sams not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

£ £

No. 23. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and

printed books, for the public service, for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates 24. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty’s Woods, Forests, and Land 113, 500

743, 283

Revenues -25. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Works and 20, 633

Public Buildings -26. For His Majesty’s foreign and other secret 73, 395

services - -27. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty’s Secretary for Scotland and subordinate office, expenses under the Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900, and expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Sootland) Act, 1899, including a grant in aid of the Congested Districts (Scotland) 65,000

Fund - 28. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland, and for grants in aid of 35, 633 2, 780

piers or quays -29. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of 19, 786 mmm

Lunacy in Scotland -30. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c. in 6, 384 525

Scotland ----31. For the salaries and expenses of the Local 4, 781 750

Government Board for Scotland - -32. For the salaries and expenses of the household 14, 905 ““

of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland -33. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in Dublin and London, and of 4, 82^2

the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums 34. For the salaries and expenses of the department of agriculture and other industries, and technical instruction for Ireland, and of the services administered by that department, 25, 950 274

1, 470

including sundry grants in aid 35. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and 191, 692

Bequests for Ireland - 36. For the salaries and expenses of the Local Government Board in Ireland 37. For the salaries and expenses of the Public Record Office in Ireland and of the Keeper 2, 042 34

66, 097 12,000

of State Papers in Dublin 38. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of 5, 359

Public Works in Ireland - -:40, 111 3,000

Schbd. (B.) Pari 8.

Civil Service*. Claw £1.

60

Ch. 17. Appropriation Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Sched. (B.) Past 8. Civil Services Class n.

Sched. (B.) Part 9.

Civil Services. Class III.

Sams not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 39. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., and for the expenses of collecting emigration £ £

statistics in Ireland -40. For the salaries and expenses of the general valuation and boundary survey of Ireland - 12, 510 720

19, 719 10,000

Total Civil Services, Class II. - £ 2, 738, 163 578, 722

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1906; viz.: —

Sams not exceeding

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department,

the salaries and expenses of the department of the Solicitor for the affairs of His Majesty’s Treasury, Xing’s Proctor, and Director of Public Prosecutions, the costs of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency -

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, including grants in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Societies of England and Ireland -

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the

Supreme Court of Judicature as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry -

5. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts -

6. For the salaries of the Commissioner and

Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, the pay and expenses of officers of Metropolitan Police employed on special duties, and the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

72, 202 15, 750

49, 516 12, 731

321, 574 52, 400

44, 102 —

8,000 507, 452

39, 945 65

1905.

Appropriation Act, 1905.

Ch. 17

61

Sums not exceeding

No.

7. For the expenses of the prisons in England,

Wales, and the Colonies -

8. For the salaries and expenses of the office

of the Inspector of Reformatories, and the expenses of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act, in Great Britain

9. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advo-

cate’s department and other law charges, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice in Scotland -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty’s General Register House, Edinburgh -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Establishment of the Crofters’ Commission -18. For the salaries and expenses of the Prison Commissioners for Scotland, and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, and the preparation of judicial statistics

14. For the expenses of criminal prosecutions and other law charges in Ireland -

15. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and of certain other legal departments in Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Irish Land Commission -

17. For the salaries, allowances, and expenses of various county court officers, and of magistrates in Ireland, and the expenses of revision -

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Commissioner of Police, the police courts and metropolitan polioe establishment of Dublin -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

756, 443 19,000

249, 799 28, 500

35, 806 1, 195-

81, 841 47,000

42, 481 —

4, 545 —

87, 750 5, 067

64, 416 490

101, 025 2, 500

153, 315 12, 750

110, 423 4, 530

97, 906 53, 088

SCHED. (B.) Paht 9.

Civil Services. Class III.

19. For the expenses of the Royal Irish Constabulary

1, 299, 413

24, 590

20. For the expenses of the General Prisons Board

in Ireland, and of the establishments under their control; the registration of habitual criminals and the maintenance of criminal lunatics confined in district lunatic asylums

21. For the expenses of reformatory and industrial

schools and under the Youthful Offenders Act, 1901, in Ireland -

22. For the maintenance of criminal lunatics in

Dun drum Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class III. - -

122, 430

3, 250

110, 281 1, 610

! 6, 993 —

3, 860, 206 791, 968

62

Ch. 17.

Appropriation 1905. SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 10. 5 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.) Pakt 10.

Civil Services. Class IY.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1906; viz.; —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid ---- £ £

12, 652, 548 8, 268

2. For the salaries and other expenses of the

British Museum, and of the Natural History Museum, including certain grants in aid 170, 501 9,000

3. For the salaries and expenses of the National

Gallery, and of the National Gallery of British Art, Millbank, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures 19, 014 1, 650

4. For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase of portraits - - - 5, 619

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection - - - - 6, 593 750

6. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c. and other grants ... 53, 900 .

7. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities and Colleges in Great Britain and of the expenses under the Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889 - 197, 300

8. For public education in Scotland, and for Science and Art in Scotland, including a grant in aid - - - - - 1 , 817, 290

9. For a grant to the Board of Trustees for manufactures in Scotland, in aid of the main-

tenance of the National Gallery, School of Art and Museum of Antiquities, Scotland, &c. 5, 405

10. For the expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, including a grant in aid of the Teachers Pension Fund, Ireland - - - - - 1, 391, 721 1, 950

11. For the expenses of the Office of the Com-

missioners for managing certain school endowments in Ireland - 910

12. For the salaries and expenses of the National

Gallery of Ireland, including a grant in aid for the purchase of pictures (including a supplementary sum of 1, 390Z.) 4, 486

13. For a grant in aid of the expenses of the Queen’s Colleges in Ireland .... 5, 050 6, 750

Tqtal Cim Swvicia, Class IV. - 16, 330, 337 28, 863

1905. Appropriation Act, 1905. On. 1ft

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the severed Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1906; viz.: —

No.

1. For the expenses in connexion with His

Majesty’s embassies, missions, and consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular Vote -

2. For sundry colonial services, including certain

grants in aid -8. For the subsidies to certain Telegraph Companies, and a grant in aid of the annual expenses of the Pacific Cable

4. For a grant in aid of the Revenue of the Island

of Cyprus -

5. For making good the net loss on transactions

connected with the raising of money for the various Treasury chests abroad in the year, 1904-5 -

Total Civil Services, Class V.

) Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

553, 847 92, 040

1, 266, 703 —

76, 645 72,000

16,000 —

14.250

1, 927, 445 164, 040

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending oa the Slst day of March 1906; viz.:—

> Sums not exceeding

Supply Appropria-

Grants. tions in Aid.

No £ £

1. For superannuation, compensation, and compassionate allowances and gratuities

under sundiy Statutes, for cempassionate allowances and gratuities awarded by the Treasury; and for the salaries of medical referees - .... 648, 378

03

SOHED. (B.)

Part U. Civil Services. Class V.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12. Civil Services. Claes VI.

64

Ch. 17.

Appropriation Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 12.

Civil Services Class VI.

SCHED. (B.) Paet 13.

Civil Services. Class VII.

(. Sums not exceeding

No.

2. For certain pensions to masters and seamen of the merchant service, and to widows and children of masters and seamen -

3. For certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances -

4. For hospitals and infirmaries and certain miscellaneous, charitable, and other allowances in Ireland, including sundry grants in aid -

5. For making good deficiencies on the Income

Accounts of the Funds for Trustee Savings Banks, Friendly Societies, and Post Office Savings Banks -

Total Civil Services, Class VI. - I

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

2, 800 —

1, 572 —

17, 263 147

146, 989 —

816, 502 147

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1906; viz.: —

No.

1. For the salaries and other expenses of temporary commissions, committees, and special inquiries -

2. For certain miscellaneous expenses

3. For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund -

4. For the Ireland Development Grant (Grant in Aid) -

5. For a grant to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales in aid of the expenses they may incur on the occasion of their visit to India -

6. For repayments to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances -

7. For certain Expenditure, including sundry Grants in Aid, in connection with the Relief of Distress in Ireland -

Total Civil Services, Class VII. £

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

£ £

32, 804 20, 895 5, 400

698 —

185,000 —

20,000

12, 962 —

20,000 —

292, 359 5, 400

1905.

Appropriation 1905.

Ch. 17, 18.

65

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 14.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, Ac.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments, &c. herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1906; viz.: —

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

No. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Customs £ £

Department -2. For the salaries and expenses of the Inland 924, 600 50, 050

Revenue Department 3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office services, the expenses of Post Office savings banks, and Government annaities and insurances, and the collection of the Post Office 2, 236,000 17,000

revenue -4. For the expenses of the Post Office packet 10, 720, 538 200, 275

service ---- 781, 790 172, 875

5. For the salaries and working expenses of the 4, 772, 547

Post Office telegraph service - 63, 055

Total Revenue Departments - 19, 435, 475 503, 255

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to establish organisation with a view to the provision of Employment or Assistance for Unemployed Workmen in proper cases.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be established, by order of the Local Government Board under this Act, a distress committee of the council of every metropolitan borough iD London, consisting partly of members of the borough council and partly of members of the board of guardians of every poor law union wholly or partly within the borough and of persons experienced in the relief of distress, and a central body for the whole of the administrative county of London, consisting partly of members of, and selected by, the distress committees and of members of, and selected by, the London County Council, and partly of persons co-opted to be additional members of the body, and partly, if the

E

SCHED. (B.) Part 14.

Revenue

Departments,

&c.

Organisation for London.

66 Ch. 18. Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

order so provides, of persons nominated by the Local Government Board, but the number of the persons so co-opted and nominated shall not exceed one-fourth of the total number of the body, and every such order shall provide that one member at least of the committee or body established by the order shall be a woman.

(2) The distress committee shall make themselves acquainted with the conditions of labour within their area, and when so required by the central body shall receive, inquire into and discriminate between any applications made to them from persons unemployed:

Provided that a distress committee shall not entertain an application from any person unless they are satisfied that he has resided in London for such period, not being less than twelve months, immediately before the application, as the central body fix as a residential qualification.

(3) If the distress committee are satisfied that any such applicant is honestly desirous of obtaining work, but is temporarily unable to do so from exceptional causes over which he has no control, and consider that his case is capable of more suitable treatment under this Act than under the poor law, they may endeavour to obtain work for the applicant, or, if they think the case is one for treatment by the central body rather than by themselves, refer the case to the central body, but the distress committee shall have no power to provide, or contribute towards the provision of, work for any unemployed person.

(4) The central body shall superintend and, as far as possible, co-ordinate the action of the distress committees, and aid the efforts of those committees by establishing, taking over, or assisting labour exchanges and employment registers, and by the collection of information and otherwise as they think fit.

(5) The central body may, if they think fit, in any case of an unemployed person referred to them by a distress committee, assist that person by aiding the emigration or removal to another area of that person and any of his dependants, or by providing, or contributing towards the provision of, temporary work in such manner as they think best calculated to put him in a position to obtain regular work or other means of supporting himself.

(6) Any expenses of the central body under this Act, and such of the expenses of the distress committees under this Act as are incurred with the consent of the central body, shall be defrayed out of a central fund under the management of the central body, which shall be supplied by voluntary contributions given for the purpose, and by contributions made on the demaud of the central body by the council of each metropolitan borough in proportion to the rateable value of the borough and paid as part of the expenses of the council:

Provided that —

(a) A separate account shall be kept of all sums supplied by contributions made by the councils of the metropolitan boroughs, and no expenses except —

(i) establishment charges of the central body and the distress committees, including the expenses

1905. Ch. 18.

67

Unemployed Workmen Act^ 1905.

incurred by them in respect of labour exchanges and employment registers and in the collection of information; and

(ii) the expenses incurred by the central body in aiding the emigration or removal to another area of an unemployed person and any of his dependants; and

(iii) the expenses incurred by the central body in relation to the acquisition, with the consent of the Local Government Board, of land for the purposes of this Act;

shall be paid out of that account.

(6) No such contribution by a council shall in any year exceed the amount which would be produced by a rate of one halfpenny in the pound calculated on the whole rateable value of the borough, or such higher rate, not exceeding one penny, as the Local Government Board may approve.

(7) The provision of temporary work or other assistance for an)^ person under this Act shall not disentitle him to be registered or to vote as a parliamentary, county, or parochial elector, or as a burgess.

(8) This section shall apply to the City of London as if the City of London were a metropolitan borough, and the mayor, aldermen and commons of the City of London in common council assembled were the council of the borough, and any contribution required for the purposes of this Act shall be paid out of the consolidated rate, but shall not be reckoned in calculating the amount of the rate for the purpose of any limit on that amount.

(9) The Local Government Board may, upon the application of the council of any borough or district adjoining or near to London, by order, extend the provisions of this section to that borough or district as if the borough or district were a metropolitan, borough and were within the administrative county of London, and with such other modifications and adaptations as to the Board may appear necessary.

2. — (1) There shall be established by order of the Local Government Board for each municipal borough and urban district with a population, according to the last census for the time being, of not less than fifty thousand, and not being a borough or district to which the provisions of section one of this Act have been extended, a distress committee of the council for the purposes of this Act, with a similar constitution to that of a distress committee in London, and the distress committee so established shall, as regards their borough or district, have the same duties and powers, so far as applicable, as are given by this Act to the distress committees and central body in London.

This provision shall extend to any municipal borough or urban district with a population, according to the last census for the time being, of less than fifty thousand but not less than ten thousand, if the council of the borough or distiict make an application for the purpose to the Local Government Board, and the Board consent.

F

Organisation outside London.

Ch. 18. Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

08)

(2) Subject €is aforesaid, the Local Government Board may, on the application of any county or borough or district council, or board of guardians, or, if they think it expedient, without any such application, by order establish for the purposes of this Act in any county or part of a county a central body and distress com-* mittees with similar constitutions to those of the central body and distress committees in London, and the body and committees so established shall, subject to any exceptions made by the order, have the same duties and powers as respects their area as are given by this Act to the centrsd body and distress committees respectively in London.

For the purposes of this provision a county borough with a population of less than fifty thousand shall be deemed to be included in the county in which it is, for the purposes of the Local 5i & 52 Vict, Government Act, 1S88, deemed to be situated. c’41, (3) Where a central body and distress committees have not been

established under this Act for the whole of a county, the council of that county, and, where a distress committee has not been established under this Act for a county borough, the council of that county borough, shall constitute a special committee under this Act, consisting of members of the council, with power to co-opt any persons to be additional members of the committee; but the number of persons so co-opted shall not exceed one-fourth of the total number of the committee.

It shall be the duty of the council, in such a case, through the special committee, to collect information with respect to the conditions of labour within their area by establishing, taking over, 1 or assisting labour exchanges and employment registers, and in such other manner as they think fit, and to supply any such information when required.

Any expenses incurred by a council under this provision shall be paid in the case of a county council out of the county fund as expenses for special or general county purposes, as the circumstances may require, and in the case of a borough council out of the borough fund or borough rate.

(4) Where any order is made under this section as respects any area, the provisions of this Act relating to London shall apply with respect to that area, with such necessary modifications and adaptations as may be made by the order.

Temporary

3. Where at anytime a central body and distress committees

!>nOVestablwhnd or a c^s*'ress committee are about to be established for any area ment^f proper under this Act, any body already established in that area, whether organisation, before or after the passing of this Act, for the purpese of dealing with the unemployed, and any special committee under this Act, may, if the Local Government Board think fit, be temporarily constituted by order of that Board a central body or a distress committee, as the case may be, until the establishment in accordance with this Act of a central body and distress committees or of a distress committee for that area.

Local Govern.

4. — (]) An order of the Local Government Board under this ™Jers^ndd Art establishing a central body or distress committee provide

regulations. for the constitution and proceedings of that body or committee

1905.

Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905:

Ch. 18.

09i

amti, in the case of an order establishing a central body, for the incorporation of that body by an appropriate name, and, where any property or liabilities are taken over from any other body, for effecting by virtue of the order the >transfer of that property or those liabilities, and also for any matter for which provision may be made by regulations under this Act, and for which it appears desirable to make special provision affecting only the body or committee established by the order.

(2) An order of the Local Government Board under this Act

may be varied and revoked by any subsequent order of the Board made under this Act. '

(3) The Local Government Board may make regulations for carrying into effect this Act, and may by those regulations, amongst other things, provide —

(a) for regulating, subject to the provisions of this Act, the

conditions under which any application may be entertained byJa distress committee under this Act, and the conditions under which a central body may aid ‘ emigration or removal, or provide or contribute towards 1 j the provision of work under this Act, and otherwise for ‘ ? - 1 regulating the manner in which ariy drities under this

Act are to be performed or powers exercised by any central body or distress committee or special committee under this Act; and

(b) for authorising the establishment, with the consent, of the

Local Government Board, Of farm colonies by a central body established under this Act, and the provision, with the like consent, by such* a body Of temporary accommodation for persons for whom work upon the land is provided; and

(c) for authorising and regulating the acquisition by a central body of land by agreement for the purposes of this Act,

; and the disposal of any land so acquired $ and

-(d) for the employment of officers and provision of offices, and for enabling any inspector of the Local Government Board to attend the meeting of any body*or committee, established under this Act; and . (e) for authorising the acceptance of any motley or property by a central body established under this Act, and for regulating the administration of any*..money or property so acquired; and

(/) for the payment of any receipts of' a central body to the central fund, and for the apportionment; if necessary, of those receipts between the voluntary contribution account and the rate contribution account of that fund; and

(ff) for the audit of the accounts of any central body established under this Act in the sarrie manner and subject to the same provisions as to any matters incidental to the audit, or consequential thereon as the accounts of a county council; and

Ch. 18. Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

(h) for enforcing the payment of contributions by any councils

liable to make such contributions in pursuance of this Act, and for authorising and regulating the borrowing' of money by a central body established under this Act; and

(i) for facilitating the co-operation of any body or committee

having powers under this Act for any area with any other body or committee, or with any local authority, and the provision of assistance by one such body or committee to another; and (k) for applying, with the necessary adaptations, to a distress committee having the powers of a central body regulations relating to a central body; and (I) for the holding of local inquiries by the Local Government Board for the purposes of this Act, and for requiring returns to be made to the Board by any body or committee having powers under this Act; and (m)for the application for the purposes of this Act, as respects any matters to be dealt with by the regulations, of any provision in any Act of Parliament dealing with the like matters, with any necessary modifications or adaptations.

All regulations made under this Act shall be laid as soon as may be before Parliament.

5. In the application of this Act to Scotland —

(1) “ The Local Government Board for Scotland ” shall be

substituted for “ the Local Government Board ”:

(2) “ Royal, parliamentary, or police burgh ” shall be substituted for “ municipal borough and urban district” and for “borough or district”:

(3) “Parish” shall be substituted for “poor law union, ”

“ parish council ” shall be substituted for “ board of guardians, ” and “ town council ” shall be substituted for “council of the borough or district” and for “ borough or district council ”:

(4) “ Royal, parliamentary, or police burgh with a population, according to the last census for the time being, of less than fifty thousand, but not less than twenty thousand, ” shall be substituted for “county borough”:

(5) References to special county purposes shall not apply:

(6) “ Burgh general improvement assessment ” or any other

assessment leviable in equal proportions on owners and occupiers shall be substituted for “ borough fund or borough rate ”: Provided that any rate under this Act shall not be reckoned in calculating^ the amount of such assessment for the purpose of any' statutory limit on such assessment:

(7) “Inspector” shall include general superintendent and visiting officer:

1905. Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905. Ch. 18. 71

(8) Sections forty-seven, fifty-two and fifty-three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1894, shall be substituted for sections eighty-five, eighty-six and eighty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1894:

(9) “ Municipal elector ” shall be substituted for “ burgess ”:

(10) Subsection three of section two of this Act shall not apply to any county or to any burgh except with the consent of the Local Government Board for Scotland expressed by order made on the application of the county council or town council, as the case may be.

6. In the application of this Act to Ireland —

(1) “The Local Government Board for Ireland” shall be substituted for “the Local Government Board”:

(2) As respects population, “ten thousand” shall be substituted for “fifty thousand, ” and “five thousand” for “ten thousand ”:

(3) The provisions of this Act relating to the inclusion of a county borough in a county shall not apply:

(4) Subsection three of section two of this Act shall not apply to any county in Ireland, except by order of the Local Government Eoard for Ireland made on the application of the council of that county:

(5) Aitides forty, forty-three and forty-five of the schedule

to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order, 1898, shall be substituted for sections eighty-five, eighty-six and eighty-eight respectively of the Local Government Act, 1894.

7. This Act may be cited as the Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905.

8. This Act shall continue in force for three years from the date of the passing thereof, and no longer, unless Parliament otherwise determine, and at the expiration of that period, unless this Act is so continued as aforesaid, the Local Government Board shall make such orders as they think necessary for dissolving the central bodies and distress committees established under this Act, and transferring their property and liabilities; and for the purposes of such transfer sections eighty-five, eighty-six and eighty-eight of the Local Government Act, 1894 (which relate to current rates, existing securities and debts, and pending contracts, &c.), shall apply, with such modifications and adaptations as may be made by order of the Local Government Board.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58.

56 Sc 57 Vict,

c. 78.

Application to Ireland.

58 & 57 Vict. c. 78.

[Short title.]

Duration of Act.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 78.

72

East India Loans (Railways) 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

[Short title.]

Definition.

Power to raise 20,000,000l. for constructing, extending and equipping railways in India, and for other purposes.

Power to apply securities created under this Act directly in exchange for or discharge of obligations.

CH. 19

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the construction, extension and equipment of Railways in India, by State Agency, or through the Agency of Companies, and for other purposes.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the East India Loans (Railways) Act, 1905.

2. In this Act the expression “ Secretary of State ” means the Secretary of State in Council of India, unless the context otherwise requires.

3. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State at any time or times to raise in the United Kingdom as and when necessary, by the creation and issue of capital stock, bonds, debentures, or bills, or paitly by one of such modes and partly by another or others, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole twenty millions of pounds sterling, to be applied —

(1) in the construction, extension and equipment of railways in India by State agency, or through the agency of a company or companies^ under engagement with the Secretary of State; or

(2) in the repayment of the principal of any bonds or debentures issued by any such companj’ under the guarantee of the Secretary of State; or

(3) in the discharge of any obligations incurred or arising by reason of the purchase by the Secretary of State of any railway conducted or worked in India by any pqch company, or on the determination of the contract of any such company with the Secretary of State.

4. The power herein-before given to the Secretary of State to raise moneys by means of stock or other securities cr< ated by him shall be deemed to include power to create such stock or other securities to be applied directly in exchange for or discharge of any of the obligations mentioned in the third section of this Act, in such manner as may be necessary for carrying out any arrangement made for the purpose:

Provided that in calculating for the purposes of section three the amount of the moneys raised under this Act, the capital value

1905. East India Loans (Railways) Act, 1905.

Ch, 10, 20:

$3

of the obligations exchanged for or discharged by means of stock or other securities created under this section shall be included as if an equivalent amount of money had been raised under this Act.

5. Sections four to twelve inclusive, sections fourteen to seven- Certain proteen inclusive and section nineteen of the East India Loan Act,

1893, shall be incorporated with this Act. c. 70. «o ap£iy.

6. This Act shall not prejudice or affect any power of raising Saving, or borrowing money, or of creating or issuing securities, vested in the Secretary of State at the time of passing thereof.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to make further provision for the construction of works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. — (1) In addition to any sum authorised to be issued under issue of any other Act, the Treasury shall issue out of the Consolidated for Fund or the growing produce thereof such sums, not exceeding Honed in the whole five million eight hundred and thirty-five thousand schedule, pounds, as may be required by the Admiralty for defraying the cost of the works specified in the schedule to this Act, subject to the terms and conditions in sections three and five of the Naval 59 & 60 Vict.. Works Act, 1896, and those sections and section five of the Naval c* 6 *

Works Act, 1895 (which relates to the mode in which money may jj8 59 Vlct~ be raised), shall be construed as if they were herein re-enacted and c* in terms made applicable to this Act, but in the application of the said section five the maximum period of the terminable annuities shall be a period not exceeding thirty years from the dates of borrowing, instead of a period not exceeding thirty years from the . passing of the Naval Works Act, 1895.

(2) The Bank of England may lend any money which] the Treasury are authorised to raise under this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Naval Works Act, 1905. Short title.

74 Ch. 20. Naval Works, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Section 1.

SCHEDULE.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure.

Works. Total Estimated Cost, 1905. Expendi. ture to 31st March 1904. Estimated Expenditure from 1st April 1904 to 31st March 1905. Estimated Expenditure for the Financial Years 1905-1900 and 1900-1907. Expected Date of Completion.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

(a) Enclosure and of Harbours. £ 1 £ 1 1 £ £

Gibraltar - 1, 199,000 1, 153, 441 5, 782 9.777 1905 6

Gibraltar, Commercial Mole 669,000 521, 031 81, 657 63, 312 1905-6

Portland - 650,000 696, 590 50, 296 3, 114 1905-6

Dover - 3, 500,000 1, 977, 753 309, 073 755,000 1908-9

Malta Breakwater ... 950,000 35, 065 20, 610 326,000 1909-10

(b) Adapting Naval Ports to present Needs of Fleet.

Deepening harbours and approaches tl, 360,000 1, 100, 886 125, 162 133, 952 1905-6

Keyham Dockyard Extension - 4, 500,000 2, 831, 229 424, 250 768,000 1908-9

Portsmouth Docks - - 872, 502 372, 502 - - Completed.

Gibraltar Dockyard Extension - 2, 809,000 1, 740, 953 404, 247 500, 045 1907-8

Hong Kong Dockyard Extension - 1, 500,000 642, 951 240, 549 476,000 1907-8

Colombo Dock .... 159,000 102, 560 27, 440 29,000 1905-6

Pembroke Jetty, &c. - - 133, 500 92, 530 40, 225 745 Completed.

Portsmouth, widening Caisson - 40, 466 40, 466 — - Completed.

Haulbowline Improvements 62, 602 62, 602 — - Completed.

Chatham Dock - 450,000 365, 446 68, 354 16, 200 1905-6

Malta Dockyard Extension 1, 250,000 478, 332 217, 661 391, 254 1907-3

Bermuda Dockyard Extension - 600,000 369, 758 82, 565 138, 221 1907-8

Simon’s Bay Dockyard Extension, &c. - $2, 500,000 160, 201 196, 821 864, 850 1908-9

Coaling facilities and fuel storage §1, 280,000 432, 430 177, 951 540,000 1907-8

Chatham Dockyard Extension 70,000 4, 121 32, 579 83.300 1906-7

Sheerness Depot for Torpedo Boat Destroyers. Naval establishment at Rosyth - 220,000 11200,000 9, 818 147, 719 l 65, 282, 2, 961 152, 945 49, 320 1907-8 1906-7H

* An expenditure of 40, 5432. was incurred during 1893-4 and 1894-5 in erecting dolphins on the line of the breakwater, and was charged to Navy Vote li> in those years. This is in addition to tho estimate of 650,0002.

t Exclusive of the cost of dredging plant purchased prior to 31st March 1895. Expenditure subsequent to 31st March 1906 will be charged to Navy Vote 10.

t An expenditure of 8, 2122. was incurred doing 1896-7 to 1898-9, on the preliminary survey for this work, and was charged to Navy Vote 10 in those years. This is in addition to the estimr.te of 2, 500,0002.

§ Expenditure in excess of 1, 280,0002. will be charged to Navy Votes (8 and 10).

|| These figures refer to preliminary works only. Subsequent expenditure will be charged to Navy Votes.

4

1905.

Naval Works Act, 1905. Ch. 20, 21.

Heads of Proposed Expenditure — continued.

75

Works. Total Estimated Cost, 1905. Expend!* ture to 31st March 1904. Estimated Expenditure from 1st April 1904 to 31st March 1906. Estimated Expenditure for the Financial Tears 1905- 1906 and 1906- 1907. Expected Date of Completion.

L 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

(c) Naval Barracks, dtc. £ £ £ £

Chatham Naval Barracks 500,000 454, 998 10, 029 34, 973 1906-7

’ Gunnery Schools « 470,000 3, 923 14, 035 260,000 1907-8

Portsmouth Naval Barracks 751, 400 599, 138 48, 136 104, 126 1906-7

Keyham Naval Barracks 281,000 199, 725 14, 465 56310 1907-8

Chatham Naval Hospital 404,000 294, 876 63, 102 46, 022 1906-7

Walmer Marine DepOt 17, 658 17, 658 - - Completed.

Keyham Engineers’ College 23, 298 23, 298 - - Completed.

“ Britannia ” R.N. College - 425,000 258, 572 68, 428 108,000 1908-7

Magazines - 1, 336,000 657.727 208, 199 297, 100 1909-10

Haslar Hospital Extension » 67, 978 67, 978 — - Completed.

Haul bowline Zymotic Hospital 12, 856 12356 — - Completed.

Coast Guard Stations and Royal Naval Reserve Batteries. Torpedo ranges .... 200,000 t320,000 9338 142 79, 191 17.958 110371 90,000 1906-7 1908-9

Electric light and power in establishments. Naval 1, 750,000 22, 147 292, 763 1330, 750 180S-9

(d) Superintendence and Miscellaneous Charges. 1, 173, 673 620, 155 105, 264 324, 593 -

32, 206, 933 16, 414, 515 8, 475, 025 7.704, 280 -

Total of columns 3, 4, and 5 £27, 598, 820$

* Includes the item formerly described as "Naval Barracks for Medway Gunnery School."

t An expenditure of 66 *.was incurred on this item in 1902-3 and charged to Navy Tote 10. This is in addition to the estimate of 320.000*.

t Total estimated expenditure to 31st March 1907 ..... 27, 593, 820

Expenditure already authorised, viz.

Out of Navy Totes (8 and 10) prior to inclusion of works in Loan Acts - 241, 820

By Act or 1895 (1,000,000*. less 140,000*. lapsed) - 860,000

By Act of 1896 2, 750,000

By Act of 1897 - - - - - 654,000

By Act of 1899 3, 100,000

By Act of 1901 ...... 6, 157,000

By Act of 1903 7, 996,000

---- 21, 758, 820

Further expenditure to be authorised by this Act - 5, 835,000

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to continue various Expiring Laws.

[11th August 1905.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire on the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and fiTe:

76 Ch. 21. Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

Continuance of Acte in Schedule.

[Short title.]

And whereas the Act mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule to this Act is, to the extent aforesaid, limited to expire at the end of the session of Parliament next, after the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and five:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

X. — (1) The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day of December nineteen hundred and six, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far as they are temporary in their duration, be continued in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2. This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1905.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. How far continued. ' 4. Amending Acts.

(1)

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 27. (3) The Linen Manufactures (Ireland) Act, 1835. The whole Act 3 & 4’Vict c. 91. 5 & 6 Vict c. 68. 7 & 8] Vict. c. 47. 30 & 31 Vict. c. 60.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 89. The Poor Rate Exemption Act, 1840. The whole Act. 1 ~~

(8.)

4 & 5 Vict. c. 80. The Ordnance Survey Act, 1841. The whole Act 33 Vict c. 18. 47 & 48 Vict c. 48. 52 & 53 Vict. c. SOw

(4.)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. (5.) The Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act, 1847. As to the provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50.

14 & 15 Vict, e. 104. The Episcopal and Capitular Estates Act, 1851. The whole Act 17 & 18 Vict. C. 118. 21 & 22 Vict c. 94. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 114. S. 10.

.1905.

Expiring Lawsi Continuance Act, 1905. Ofl. 21.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. i 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(6.)

17 8c 18 Vict. The Corrupt Practices So much as is con- 26 8c27 Vict. c. 29.

c. 102. (7.) Prevention Act 1854. tinued by the Cor-' rapt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act 1883. 8. 6. 31 & 32 Vict. c. 125. 46 8c 47 Vict. c. 51.

23 & 24 Vict. The Labourers (Ireland) The whole Act. i

c. 19. Act 1860.

(8.) .

26 & 27 Vict. c. 105. (9.) The Promissory Notes Act, 1863. The whole Act 45 8c 46 Vict c. 61.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 20. The Promissory Notes (Ireland) Act, 1864. The whole Act 1

(10.)

28 & 29 Vict. c. 46. The Militia (Ballot Suspension) Act, 1865. The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 49.

(11.)

28 & 29 Vict. The Locomotives Act, The whole Act 41 & 42 Vict c. 58.

c. 88. (12.) 29 & 30 Vict. c. 52. 1865. . 41 & 42 Vict. c. 77. (Part II.) 59 8c 60 Vict. c. 36. 61 & 62 Vict c. 29.

The Prosecutions Expenses Act, 1866. The whole Act. — —

(13.)

31 8s 82 Vict The Parliamentary Elec- So much as is con- 42 8c 43 Vict. c. 75.

e. 125. tions Act 1868. tinued by the Corrupt and Illegal Practices Preven- 46 8c 47 Vict. c. 51.

(14.) tion Act 1883.

82 8s 33 Vict, e. 21. The Corrupt Practices Commission Expenses Act 1869. The whole Act 34 8c 35 Vict c. 61.

(15.) As to the powers of

92 & 33 Vict. The Endowed Schools 36 8c 37 Vict. c. 87.

c. 56. (16.) Act, 1869. making schemes. 37 8c 38 Vict. c. 87. 52 8c 53 Vict. c. 40.

88 8s 84 Vict. The Glebe Loan (Ireland) The whole Act 34 & 35 Vict. c. 100.

e. 112. Act, 1870. 49 Vict. c. 6.

(17.)

84 8s 35 Vict. c. 87. The Sunday Observation Prosecution Act, 1871. The whole Act.

(18.)

35 & 36 Vict c. 33. The Ballot Act, 1872 The whole Act 45 & 46 Vict. c. 50. (Municipal Elections).

(19.)

38 8s 89 Vict. The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act 46 8c 47 Vict. c. 51.

c. 84. (20.) tions (Returning Officers) Act, 1875. s. 32. 48 8c 49 Vict. c. 62. 49 8c 50 Vict. c. 57.

89 8s 40 Vict. The Jurors Qualification The whole Act 57 8c 58 Vict. c. 49.

c. 21. (Ireland) Act, 1876. 61 8c 62 Vict. c. 37. s. 69.

(21.) 48 8c 49 Vict. c. 62.

41 & 42 Vict The Parliamentary Elec- The whole Act

c.41. tions Returning Officers Expenses (Scotland) Act, 1878. 49 8c 50 Vict. c. 58. 54 8c 55 Vict. c. 49.

78

Ch. 21.

Expiring Laws Continuance, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

1. Session and Chapter. 2. Short Title. 3. How far continued. 4. Amending Acts.

(22.) The whole Act.

41 & 42 Vict, e. 72. (23.) The Sale of Liquors on Sunday (Ireland) Act, 1878.

43 Vict. c. 18. (24.) The Parliamentary Elections and Corrupt Practices Act, 1880. The whole Act 46 & 47 Vict. c. 51.

43 & 44 Vict. c. 42. (25.) The Employers’ Liability Act, 1880. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict. c. 5. (26.) The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1881. The whole Act 49 & 50 Vict. c. 24. 50 & 51 Vict. c. 20.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 51. (37.) The Corrupt and Illegal Practices Prevention Act, 1883. The whole Act 58 & 59 Vict. c. 40.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 60. (28.) The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883. The whole Act 48 & 49 Vict c. 77. 49 & 50 Vict. c. 59. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 48. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 71. 55 & 56 Vict. c. 7. 59 & 60 Vict. c. 53. 61 & 62 Vict. c. 37. 3 Edw. 7. c. 37. Part IV.

47 & 48 Vict. c. 70. (29.) The Municipal Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884. The whole Act 56 & 57 Vict. c. 73.

49 & 50 Vict. The Crofters Holdings As to the powers of 50 & 51 Vict. c. 24.

C. 29. (30.) . (Scotland) Act, 1886. the Commissioners for the enlargement of holdings, s. 22. 51 & 52 Vict. c. 63. 54 & 55 Vict. c. 41.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 55. (81.) The Sand Grouse Protection Act, 1888. The whole Act.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 40. (32.) The Welsh Intermediate Education Act, 1889. As to the powers of the joint education committee and the suspension of the powers of the Charity Commissioners. 53 & 54 Vict. c. 60.

58 & 59 Vict. c. 21. (33.) The Seal Fisheries (North Pacific) Act, 1895. The whole Act.

59 Vict. c. 1. (34.) The Local Government (Elections) Act, 1896. The whole Act.

59 & 60 Vict c. 48. (35.) The Light Railways Act, 1896. As (o the powers of the Light Railway Commissioners.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 49. The Vaccination Act, 1898 The whole Act.

1905.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1905. Ch. 21, 22.

79

Part II.

1. 2. 8. 4.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. How far continued. Amending Acts.

57 & 58 Vict. The Indian Railways Act, The whole Act.

c. 12. 1894.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas the term of office of persons who are, at the passing of this Act, Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1870, will expire at the end of a period of five years from the first day of April nineteen hundred and one, and it is expedient to appoiut Commissioners for a further period of five years; therefore the following persons (that is to say): —

Sir Herbert Barnard,

Edward Norman, Esquire,

Samuel Steuart Gladstone, Esquire,

The Honourable Herbert Cokayne Gibbs,

Sir Edward Birkbeck, Baronet,

His Honour Judge O’Connor, K.C.,

The Honourable Sir Charles William Fremantle, K.C.B.,

The Honourable Evelyn Hubbard,

Francis William Buxton, Esquire,

Edward Henry Loyd, Esquire,

Frederick Greene, Esquire,

Colonel Amelius Richard Mark Lockwood, M.P.,

The Right Honourable Lord Hillingdon,

The Honourable James Henry Cecil Hozier, M.P.,

David Lloyd-George, Esquire, M.P.,

William Douro Hoare, Esquire,

Robert Lydston Newman, Esquire,

The Right Honourable the Earl of Chichester,

shall after the passing of this Act be the Public Works Loan Commissioners under the Public Works Loans Act, 1875, and shall hold office until the expiration of five years from the'first day of April nineteen hundred and six.

Appointment of Public Works Loan Commissioners for five years.

88 & 89 Vict. c. 89.

80 '

Grants for public works.

50 & 51 Vict. «. 16.

Consolidation of loans to London School Board transferred to London County Council.

3 Edw. 7. c. 24.

Certain debts not to he reckoned as assets of local loans fund.

[Short title.]

Ch. 22. Public Works Loans Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

2. — (1) For the purpose of local loins there may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners the following sums, namely: —

(a) For the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of four million five hundred thousand pounds;

(b) For the purpose of loans by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine hundred thousand pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

3. Whereas by the. Education (London) Act, 1903, there has been transferred to the London County Council the liability for the repayment to the Public Works Loan Commissioners of all loans advanced by the Commissioners for the repayment whereof the London School Board were prior to the transfer liable:

And whereas a large proportion of those loans bear interest at the rate of three pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum, and are by the terms of the borrowing repayable by equal yearly or half-yearly instalments of principal or of principal and interest combined, within periods which will expire at various dates in or between the years nineteen hundred and eight and nineteen hundred and twenty-nine:

And whereas the Commissioners and the London County Council desire to- enter into such an agreement with respect to the repayment of the said loans as is herein-after mentioned, and it is expedient that they should be authorised to do so:

Therefore it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and the London County Council to enter into an agreement whereby the outstanding balances of such of the said loans a3 bear interest at three pounds ten shillings per cent, per annum shall be made repayable with interest at the rate aforesaid by equal yearly or half-yearly instalments within a period expiring on the thirty-first day of March nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and such an agreement shall have effect accordingly, notwithstanding anything contained in any Act, order, or sanction relating to the lending or borrowing of such loans, or any of them.

4. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the several local loans specified in the schedule to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last column of that, schedule, not be reckoned as assets of the local loans fund established under the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887; therefore, the principal of the said loans shall to that extent be written off from the assets of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply thereto.

5. This Act maybe cited as the Public Works Loans Act* 1905.

CH; 22.

1905; PMic 1905; *

SCHEDULE.

81

PART 1. Section 4.

Loans by the Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

(1) Loans under the Drainage (Ireland) Act, 1842 (5 <fc 6 Vict. c. 89).

Name of Borrower. Amount of Loan. Amount to be written off.

iCSpellissey - -. £ 50 18 6 £ 8. . 3 2 6

Rochford Boyd - - - j 98 1 2 111 0

T. Cox - 110 11 8 14 2Q
---
M. Ryan - 548 7 8 - 4 4 5

(2) Loans Under the Drainage Maintenance Act; 1860 (29 & 30 Vict. c. 40).

Amount of Loans. - Amount to be written off.

£ s. d. - £ s. d.

Sundry small balances irrecoverable, - 2 12 6 - 0 8 1

Part II.

Loans by the Fishery Board for Scotland.

Loans under the Crofters’ Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1886 (49 & 50 Vict. c. 29).

Name of Borrower. - Fishery District. - Amount of Loan. £ - Amount to be written off. £ s d.

John McDonald - Stornoway - 117 - 1 19 3

Malcolm McKenzie, Malcolm McKenzie, junr., Roderick McKenzie, Robert McKenzie, Alex. McKenzie, and Malcolm McDonald - Stornoway - 181 - 28 13 4

William Sinclair - Helmsdale - 60 - 3 4 6

82 Ch. 23. Provisional Order (Marriages) Act, 1905. 5 Edw. 7.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to enable Provisional Orders to be made for removing any invalidity or doubt attaching to Marriages by reason of some informality.

[11th August 1905.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

[Provisional orders for removing doubts as to validity of marriages.]

1. — (1) A Secretary of State may, in the case of marriages s demnised in England which appear to him to be invalid or of doubtful validity by reason of some informality, make a provisional order for the purpose of removing the invalidity or doubt.

(2) The draft of every such order shall be advertised, in such manner as the Secretary of State thinks fit, not less than one month before the order is made, and the Secretary of State shall consider all objections to the order sent to him in writing during that month, and shall, if it appears to him necessary, direct a local inquiry into the validity of any such objections.

(3) An order of the Secretary of State under this Act shall be of no force unless confirmed by Parliament, and the Secretary of State may bring in a Bill for confirming the order; and if while a Bill confirming any such order is pending in either House of Parliament a petition is presented against the order, the Bill, so far as it relates to the order, may be referred to a Select Committee, and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of Private Bills.

[Short title.]

2. This Act may be cited as the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act, 1905.

83

TABLE II.

A

TABLE

OF

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to Chapter) 5 EDWARD 7. — A.D. 1905.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 14th April 1905.

i. AN Act to consolidate with amendments certain of the Local Acts in force within the city of Leeds to make further provision in regard to the various undertakings of the Corporation and to make better provision for the health and local government of the city and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation (Consolidation).)

P. ii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-in-Makerfield Burslem Newbury Southport and Ulverston. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1))

Royal Assent, 30th June 1905.

iii. An Act to empower the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to acquire additional lands and construct additional works and for other purposes. (Walker and Wallsend Union Gas.)

iv. An Act for the abandonment of the Southampton and Winchester Great Western Junction Railway. (Southampton and Winchester Great Western Junction Railway (Abandonment))

v. An Act for authorising the Cordoba and Rosario Railway Company Limited to increase its capital and to fund the arrears of dividends on its preferred shares by the issue of fully paid second preferred shares and for other purposes. (Cordoba and Rosario Railway Company Limited.)

vi. An Act for authorising the Entre Rios Railways Company Limited to increase its capital and to fund the arrears of dividends on its preference shares by the issue of fully paid second preference stock and for other purposes. (Entre Rios Railways Company Limited.)

vii. An Act to provide for the sale of the Chapel of Saint Paul Great Portland Street and for the endowment of the Chapel of Saint Peter Vere Street in the event of that chapel having a district assigned to it and for other purposes connected therewith. (Marylebone Chapels (Saint Paul Great Portland Street and Saint Peter Vere Street).)

viii. An Act to further extend the periods for the commencement of the construction and for the completion of the tramways tramroads and other works and for the taking of lands authorised by the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Act 1901 to extend the period limited by the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Act 1903 within which distributing mains for the supply of electricity were to be laid down and for other purposes. (West Cumberland Electric Tramways.)

ix. An Act for uniting the ecclesiastical parish of Holy Trinity Portsea with one or more contiguous parishes and for authorising and carrying into effect an agreement between the Bishop of Winchester and the Admiralty for the sale of the church and vicarage house of Holy Trinity Portsea and for the disposal of the purchase-money and the endowments of the benefice and for other purposes connected therewith. (Holy Trinity Portsea, )

x. An Act to confer further powers upon the Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Water.)

xi. An Act to effect a fusion of the undertaking of the Hand-in-Hand Fire and Life Insurance Society with that of the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited and for other purposes. (Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited.)

xii. An Act to extend the periods prescribed by the scheme of arrangement relating to the Mortgage Insurance Corporation Limited for the liquidation of their affairs and for other purposes. (Mortgage Insurance Corporation Limited.)

xiii. An Act to authorise the Truro Water Company to construct additional waterworks acquire lands and raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Truro Water.)

xiv. An Act to revive and extend the period limited for the compulsory purchase of lands and to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of the Harbour and Works authorised by the Hastings Harbour Act 1890 and the Hastings Harbour Act 1897 and for other purposes. (Hastings Harbour.)

xv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Urban Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to their electric lighting undertakings in the urban districts of Weybridge and Walton-upon-Thames respectively and for other purposes. (Weybridge and Walton-upon-Thames Electric Supply.)

xvi. An Act for providing for the extinction of the founders’ shares of the Chelsea Electricity Supply Company Limited and the substitution therefor of ordinary shares in the capital of that Company and for other purposes. (Chelsea Electricity Supply Company's.)

xvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Epping Gas Company and for other purposes. (Epping Gas.)

xviii. An Act to make further provisions with respect to the Undertaking of the South Suburban Gas Company. (South Suburban Gas.)

xix. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and the completion of railways authorised by the Nottingham and Retford Railway Act 1902 to amend that Act in various respects and for other purposes. (Nottingham and Retford Railway (Extension of Time, &c.).)

xx. An Act to extend the time for the construction of certain works authorised by the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Act 1891 to confer further powers on the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Company and for other purposes. (Leeds and Liverpool Canal.)

xxi. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

xxii. An Act to confirm the amalgamation of the institutions known as the Orphan Working School the Alexandra Orphanage for Infants and the Convalescent Seaside Home for Orphans to alter the name of the president vice-presidents treasurer and governors of the Orphan Working School to vest in them the property of the Alexandra Orphanage for Infants to confer further powers on them and for other purposes. (Orphan Working School and Alexandra Orphanage.)

xxiii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the East Cowes Gas Company. (East Cowes Gas.)

xxiv. An Act for the abandonment of the railways and works authorised by the Hastings Harbour District Railway Acts 1897 and 1903. (Hastings Harbour District Railway (Abandonment).)

xxv. An Act to enable the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company to create and issue addiiional preference shares and for other purposes. (Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads.)

xxvi. An Act to amend and define the borrowing powers of the Urban District Council of Tralee in the county of Kerry and to enable them to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes. (Tralee Urban District Council.)

xxvii. An Act for the abandonment of the Clay Cross Railway and for other purposes. (Clay Cross Railway (Abandonment).)

xxviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Berkhampstead Gas Company and for other purposes. (Berkhampstead Gas.)

xxix. An Act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the construction of the tramways and works authorised by the Mexborough and Swinton Tramways Act 1902 and the Rawmarsh Urban District Council (Tramways) Act 1900 and for other purposes. (Mexborough and Swinton Tramways.)

xxx. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Wrexham Gas Light Company. (Wrexham Gas.)

xxxi. An Act to enable the Corporation of the city of Dublin to grant pensions or other superannuation allowances to artisans workmen labourers and servants in their service in certain cases and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation (Superannuation).)

xxxii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the South Oxfordshire Water and Gas Company. (South Oxfordshire Water and Gas.)

xxxiii. An Act to transfer the Renfrew Harbour Undertaking to the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to abandon the Works authorised by the Renfrew Burgh and Harbour Extension Act 1899 and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation.)

xxxiv. An Act for conferring further powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company for enabling the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to acquire additional lands for extending the periods limited for the completion of works by the Company the Hertfordshire County Council and the Epping Rural District Council and for the purchase of lands by the Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway.)

xxxv. An Act to extend the time limited for the construction of Waterworks by the Loughborough Corporation Act 1897 and to enable the Corporation to purchase further lands and to borrow further moneys for their Waterworks and for other purposes. (Loughborough Corporation.)

xxxvi. An Act to alter the constitution of the Norwich Union Life Insurance Society by substituting a Memorandum and Articles of Association for its existing Laws and Regulations and to repeal the Norwich Union Life Insurance Society Act 1891 and for other purposes. (Norwich Union Life Insurance Society.)

xxxvii. An Act to empower the Higham and Hundred of Hoo Water Company to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Higham and Hundred of Hoo Water.)

xxxviii. An Act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to purchase lands and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

xxxix. An Act to confirm an agreement for the acquisition by the Ilfracombe Urban District Council of part and the lease (with an option of purchase) of the remainder of the Ilfracombe Pier and Harbour Undertaking including Lantern Hill and other lands held therewith and to enable the Council to carry out street improvements and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Ilfracombe Harbour and Improvement.)

xl. An Act to authorise the Accrington District Gas and Water Board to make new waterworks to extend their limits of supply for gas and water and for other purposes. (Accrington District Gas and Water Board.)

xli. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of lands and completion of works authorised by the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock (South Yorkshire Extension Lines) Act 1902 to amend the Acts relating to the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley Railway.)

xlii. An Act to make further and better provision with regard to the Improvement Health Local Government and Finance of the Urban District of Otley and for other purposes. (Otley Improvement.)

xliii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Accrington to construct and work Tramways to execute street works and improvements and to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the Borough of Accrington and for other purposes. (Accrington Corporation.)

xliv. An Act for Incorporating and Conferring Powers on the Aylesbury Gas Company. (Aylesbury Gas.)

xlv. An Act to provide for the transfer to the Croydon Gas Company of the Undertaking of the Caterham and District Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the Croydon Gas Company to authorise that Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Croydon Gas.)

xlvi. An Act to enable the Aberdare Urban District Council to make and maintain Street Improvements and for other purposes. (Aberdare Urban District Council.)

xlvii. An Act for making further and better provision in regard to the markets and the supply of gas water and electricity by the Corporation of Colne and the improvement health and good government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Colne Corporation.)

xlviii. An Act to incorporate the North Sussex Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply with Gas certain parishes in the county of Sussex. (North Sussex Gas.)

xlix. An Act to transfer to and vest in the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company the undertaking of the Carmarthenshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

l. An Act to extend the time limited by the London United Tramways Act 1901 and the London United Tramways Act 1902 for the construction of tramways and the acquisition of lands. (London United Tramways.)

li. An Act to empower the County Council of Middlesex to pay certain sums agreed to be paid by them to the Alexandra Park Trustees and for other purposes. (Alexandra Park and Palace.)

lii. An Act for vesting the undertaking of the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway Company in the Metropolitan Railway Company to provide for the consolidation of certain preference stocks of the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

liii. An Act to confer further powers on the Barry Railway Company. (Barry Railway.)

liv. An Act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Clacton in regard to the Seashore Recreation Grounds and other matters and to make further and better provisions in regard to the health local government and improvement of their district and for other purposes. (Clacton Improvement.)

lv. An Act to extend the time limited for the construction of works authorised by the Dearne Valley Railway Act 1897 to authorise alterations in such works to confer further powers upon the Dearne Valley Railway Company and for other purposes. (Dearne Valley Railway.)

lvi. An Act to divide the west ward of the county borough of Croydon and to increase the number of aldermen and councillors to authorise the corporation of the borough to construct and work additional tramways and to execute certain street improvements to make further provision for the government and for the preservation of the health of the inhabitants of the borough and for other purposes. (Croydon Corporation.)

lvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport with reference to the construction of waterworks and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the borough and to make provision with reference to the borrowing powers of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation.)

lviii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Birmingham to construct additional tramways to make certain street works to amend certain provisions of the Acts relating to their waterworks undertaking and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation.)

lix. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Brentwood Gas Company. (Brentwood Gas.)

lx. An Act to regulate the capital of the Darien Gold Mining Company Limited and for other purposes. (Darien Gold Mining Company Limited.)

lxi. An Act for rendering valid certain letters patent granted to Adolph Leven in respect of an invention for improvements in appliances for protection against projectiles. (Leven Patent.)

lxii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Rhymney Railway Company for the acquisition of lands the construction of works and the raising of capital and for other purposes. (Rhymney Railway.)

lxiii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Morley in relation to their water and electric lighting undertakings and to make further provision in regard to the health improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Morley Corporation.)

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the parishes of Erith and Barking. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

p. lxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Alexander Scott’s Hospital. (Alexander Scott's Hospital Order Confirmation.)

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Grangemouth Waterworks and Burgh Extension. (Grangemouth Waterworks and Burgh Extension Order Confirmation.)

P. lxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Corporation Water. (Arbroath Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

P. lxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Water. (Dundee Water Order Confirmation.)

P. lxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Anglesey Middlesex and Stafford. (L Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No, 2).)

P. lxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Milford Haven Sheringham Stalybridge and Swinton. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Bradford (Yorkshire) Chester Derby Leek Ossett and Plymouth. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brentford Ealing Han well Heston and Isleworth Sale Sheffield and Sunderland. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Banbury (Rural) Lunesdale (Rural) and Newport Pagnell (Rural) and the Easington and Sedgefield the Lanchester and the Stone Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carmarthen Hexham Liverpool Lymm Nantwich and Widnes. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7.).)

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Billericay (Rural) Eton (Rural) (two) and the Houghton-le-Spring and Hetton and the Rugby Joint Hospital Districts. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. lxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Ijocal Government Board relating to Cheltenham and Horsham (Rural). (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

P. lxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Withnell. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Hammersmith and the Poplar Union. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

P. lxxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bury (Rural) Conway Golborne Hay dock Hipperholme Little Lever Southall-Norwood Spalding Whitwood and Whitworth. (Electric Lighting Orders (No. 1).)

P. lxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the-Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ballaghaderreen. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the-Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Woolwich. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Local Government (Ireland) (No. 2) Act 1900. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Baltracey River the River Lerr and the Blackwater Drainage District in the Counties of Carlow Kildare and Meath. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Scheme made by a Committee of the Lords of His Majesty’s Privy Council under the Municipal Corporation Acts 1882 and 1885 relating to Merthyr Tydfil. (Municipal Corporations (Merthyr Tydfil Scheme Confirmation).)

Royal Assent, 11th July 1905.

P. lxxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergavenny Atherton Keighley Richmond (Surrey) and Whiston (Rural). (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

P. lxxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Briton Ferry Clifton Dartmouth Hardness Horsforth and Teignmouth. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

P. lxxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Kilrush (Rural) Londonderry and New Ross. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisioned Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxxxviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bishop’s Stortford Dover (Extension) Hemsworth and District Marlborough Tottington and Woking (Chertsey Extension). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

lxxxix. An Act to extend the time for the completion of certain Railways authorised by the Highland Railway (Additional Powers) Act 1897 and for other purposes. (Highland Railway.)

xc. An Act to make provision with reference to the construction of a Bridge over the River Witham at Langrick Ferry in the County of Lincoln to confer powers on the Great Northern Railway Company with reference to certain Footpaths and the Purchase of Lands to confirm the purchase of certain Lands by the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to extend the time limited for the completion of certain Works and the purchase of certain Lands by the Company to authorise the abandonment of certain authorised Railways at Grantham to empower the Horncastle Railway Company to raise further moneys by borrowing and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

xci. An Act for transferring University College London to the University of London and for other matters connected therewith and for amending the University of London Act 1898 (University College London (Transfer).)

xcii. An Act to enable the Weaver Navigation Trustees to improve their lift at Anderton and to raise further moneys and to confer further powers upon the Cheshire County Council with reference to such moneys and for other purposes. (Weaver Navigation.)

xciii. An Act for incorporating and confering powers on the Seaham Gas and Lighting Company. (Seaham Gas.)

xciv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Swansea in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Swansea Corporation Water.)

xcv. An Act to confer further powers on the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies and the South Eastern and Chatham Railway Companies Managing Committee for the making of new works and the acquisition of additional lands the purchase of the Sheppey Light Railway and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

xcvi. An Act to empower the Corporation of Hythe to construct additional Waterworks to make further provision for the improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Hythe Corporation.)

xcvii. An Act to provide far the granting of Superannuation Allowances to the Officers and Servants of the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Stepney and for other purposes. (Stepney Borough Council (Superannuation).)

xcviii. An Act for empowering the Great Western Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (New Railways).)

xcix. An Act to extend the time limited for the completion of the Tramways Light Railways and Works authorised to be, constructed by the Hastings Tramways Company and to revive the powers for the compulsory purchase of land by that Company and to authorise the construction of certain deviations of their authorised Light Railways and other Works and for other purposes. (Hastings Tramways.)

c. An Act to amend the Constitution of the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation (Constitution).)

ci. An Act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Mansfield with respect to their Water Undertaking to make further and better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Mansfield Corporation.)

Royal Assent, 4th August 1905.

P. cii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Councils of the County Boroughs of Liverpool and Manchester the County of Surrey and the Urban District of Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Liverpool &c.).)

P. ciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 1).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 2).)

P. cv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Millport Piers and Burgh Extension. (Millport Piers and Burgh Extension Order Confirmation.)

P. cvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Haverfordwest Leicester Scarborough and Wallasey. (Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Durham and Framwelgate Hanley and Southport. (Lo Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

P. cviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool and Poole. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

P. cix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Acton Bradford (Yorkshire) the Fylde Water Board and the Fylde Preston and Garstang and the Middlesex Districts Joint Hospital Districts. (Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

P. cx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Sheffield. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 16).)

P. cxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Milton-next-Sittingbourne Sittingbourne and Milton (Rural) and the Enfield and Edmonton Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 17).)

P. cxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Denny and Dunipace Grangemouth Inverness Pollokshaws Renfrew Rutherglen and Uphall. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Andover Burslem (Extension to Tunstall) Hessle Litherland Little Hulton Penmaenmawr Ravensthorpe Stratford-upon-Avon Surbiton and Tewkesbury. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1832 and 1888 relating to Barnet Brockenhurst Farnham Gosport and Alverstoke Houghton-le-Spring and District (Amendment) Lichfield Ludlow Lytham St. Albans (Rural) and Ware. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. cxv. An Act to cm firm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Airdrie Coatbridge and Cults and District. (Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

P. cxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bolsover Gas Denbigh Water Formby Gas Hayling Water and Staveley Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dorking Water Maidenhead Water Tavistock Gas Wey Valley Water and Ystalyfera Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to the Burgh of Inverness. (Inverness Gas and Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the Burgh of Port Glasgow. (Port Glasgow Improvement Order Confirmation.)

P. cxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Aberystwyth Gas Haslemere Gas Hayling Island Gas Sandiacre Gas and Stanford le-Hope Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

P. cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Melfort and Portencross. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Aberystwyth. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast the Belfast Holywood and Castlereagh United District Cork (Rural) Downpatrick (Rural) Newtownards and North Dublin (Rural). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stonehaven Harbour. (Stonehaven Harbour Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Esk Valley Power-Gas. (Esk Valley Power-Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation. (Glasgow Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation Tramways. (Corporation (Tramways-Consolidation) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the M’Callum Celtic Lectureship in the University of Glasgow. (Glasgow University Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways. (Paisley District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

cxxxi. An Act for incorporating and conferring Powers upon the Hitchin Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Hitchin and District Gas.)

cxxxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company in relation to their General Undertaking and their separate Undertaking of the New Ross and Waterford Extension Railways and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway.)

cxxxiii. An Act to transfer the Hundred Bridges in the Doddingtree Hundred in the County of Worcester to the Worcestershire County Council and for other purposes. (Worcestershire County Council (Bridges).)

cxxxiv. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Tees Valley Water Board and to confer further borrowing and other powers on the Tees Valley Water Board. (Tees Valley Water.)

cxxxv. An Act to enable the Urban District Council for the Urban District of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York to acquire the Undertaking of the Whitby Harbour Trustees and the Market Rights within the District as well as certain Lands to make further provisions for the Improvement and good Government of the District and for other purposes. (Whitby Urban District Council.)

cxxxvi. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon a Joint Committee of the Metropolitan and Great Central Kail way Companies for leasing certain railways of the Metropolitan Company for confirming an Agreement between the two Companies in relation thereto and for other purposes, (Metropolitan and Great Central Railway Companies.)

cxxxvii. An Act to re-arrange the Capital and amend the Borrowing Powers of the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Water and Gas Company and for other purposes. (Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Water and Gas (Amendment).)

cxxxviii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Andover Lighting and Power Company and for other purposes. (Andover Lighting and Power.)

cxxxix. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Metropolitan Railway Companies in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Wye Valley Railway Company and the Lambourn Valley Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (Additional Powers).)

cxl. An Act to empower the Southend and Colchester Light Railways Company to construct Piers to establish and work Ferries across the River Crouch and the River Blackwater, to acquire Creeksea Ferry to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Southend and Colchester Light Railway.)

cxli. An Act to authorise the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company to raise additional Capital and the London Tilbury and Southend and Metropolitan District Railway Companies to subscribe thereto and to raise additional Capital for that purpose and for other purposes. (Whitechapel and Bow Railway.)

cxlii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway (Ireland).)

cxliii. An Act to regulate the Expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the Raising of Money to meet such Expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

cxliv. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Hessle Gas Light and Coke Company. (Hessle Gas.)

cxlv. An Act to authorise the Great Central Railway Company to establish a Pension Fund and guarantee Pensions for the benefit of their salaried Officers and Clerks to alter modify and repeal certain provisions of the Acts relating to the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Corporation and for other purposes. (Central Railway (Pension Fund).)

cxlvi. An Act to authorise Agreements between the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited and the Acton Urban District Council with respect to the supply of Electrical Energy by the Company to the District Council and to confer further powers on the Company. (Electric Supply Company (Acton District).)

cxlvii. An Act to incorporate a Board of Trustees and to authorise them to acquire the Workington Harbour and Lonsdale Dock Undertaking in the County of Cumberland and to construct an Extension Pier at Workington and for other purposes. (Workington Harbour and Dock.)

cxlviii. An Act to extend the time for taking Lands for the construction of certain Tramways Widenings and Works authorised by the South Lancashire Tramways Acts 1900 and 1901 to abandon certain Tramways authorised by the Act of 1900 and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

cxlix. An Act to authorise new gasworks and remove the existing works to acquire lands for public improvements to provide a Pump Room and Baths and generally to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick in regard to the local government of their district. (Matlock Bath Improvement.)

cl. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Llandrindod Wells to make further provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Llandrindod Wells Urban District Council.)

cli. An Act to make the Township of Formby in the County of Lancaster a separate urban district to confirm an agreement relating to the transfer of property and liabilities to confer powers upon the Urban District Council in relation to the seashore and for other purposes. (Formby Urban District Council.)

clii. An Act to dissolve the University College of Sheffield and to transfer all the property and liabilities of the University College of Sheffield to the University of Sheffield and for other purposes. (University of Sheffield.)

cliii. An Act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

cliv. An Act to extend the Borough of Bootle and for other purposes. (Bootle Corporation.)

civ. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the supply of gas in London and to make further provisions with reference thereto. (London Gas.)

clvi. An Act to confer farther powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their Undertaking to authorise them or the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company to construct a Railway to connect the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway with the Clydebank Dock Branch of the North British Railway Company and to acquire a joint interest in such Dock Branch to authorise the Callander and Oban Railway Company to raise additional capital and to transfer to them the Leitir, Mhor Pier and for other purposes. (Railway.)

clvii. An Act to authorise the North British Railway Company to construct certain new Railways to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (North British Railway (General Powers).)

clviii. An Act to extend the time for the purchase of Land for the construction of Waterworks Tramways Street Widenings and other Works by the Rhondda Urban District Council to authorise the Council to construct new Gasworks and to confer upon the Council further powers with regard to the Health Improvement and Local Government of the District and for other purposes. (Rhondda Urban District Council.)

clix. An Act for incorporating the Rotherham Maltby and Laughton Railway Company and authorising them to construct Railways in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (Rotherham Maltby and Laughton Railway.)

clx. An Act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power.)

clxi. An Act to authorise the Mayor, Aldermen and Councillors of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich to widen Wickham Lane Bexley and to acquire Lands for various purposes and to confer upon the said Mayor Aldermen and Councillors further powers with respect to their Electrical Undertaking and to make further provisions in regard to the Health and Government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Woolwich Borough Council.)

clxii. An Act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Skegness Water Company and for other purposes. (Skegness Water.)

clxiii.An Act to confer further powers on the Great Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway Company. (Great Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway Powers).)

clxiv. An Act to confer powers on the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited for widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Tramways.)

clxv. An Act to transfer the undertakings of the Dublin United Tramways Company and the Dublin Southern District Tramways Company to the Dublin United Tramways Company (1896) Limited and to amend the Acts relating to those Companies and for other purposes. (Dublin United Tramways.)

clxvi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company in conjunction with the Great Western Railway Company and the Furness Railway Company in relation to their respective joint undertakings and upon the North and South Western Junction Railway Company in respect of their undertaking and upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to the undertaking of the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

clxvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

clxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

clxix. An Act to authorise a deviation of part of the Edgware and Hampstead Railway and to confer further powers on the Edgware and Hampstead Railway Company and for other, purposes. (Edgware and Hampstead Railway.)

clxx. An Act to authorise the Portsmouth Street Tramways Company to construct additional tramways in the urban district of Gosport and Alverstoke and street works in that district and in the urban district of Fareham in the County of Southampton and for other purposes. (Gosport and Fareham Tramways.)

clxxi. An Act to authorise the institution known as the Bristol Asylum or School of Industry for the Blind to acquire and to hold lands for the purposes of that institution and to make further provision with respect to the constitution of the committee of management and the management of the institution the investment of the moneys of the institution and for other purposes. (Bristol Blind Asylum.)

clxxii. An Act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to purchase by Agreement the Undertaking of the Scotswood Bridge Company to provide for the composition by the several Local Authorities interested of the tolls now leviable by the said Bridge Company and of the Toll known as the Thorough or Great Toll now leviable by the Newcastle Corporation and the extinction of those tolls respectively to provide for an increase in the Public Library Rate and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation (Tolls).)

clxxiii. An Act to empower the Corporation of Blackpool to widen Lytham Road to construct additional tramways to extend their powers in regard to the supply of sea water to make farther provision in regard to their loans and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

clxxiv. An Act to authorise the County bf London Electric Supply Company Limited to purchase lands and construct generating stations and for other purposes. (London Electric Supply Company’s.)

clxxv. An Act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to construct additional ram ways to make certain street improvements and waterworks and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

clxxvi. An Act for extending the Limits of Supply of and for conferring further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply.)

clxxvii. An Act for conferring on the Corporation of the City of Liverpool further Powers for the protection of the Public Health for the better prevention of Smoke Nuisance for the Regulation of Public Meetings and for licensing Cattle Drovers for making provisions as to the acquisition of Lands by the Corporation and as to the repayment of Moneys borrowed by the Corporation for certain objects and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation (General Powers).)

clxxviii. An Act to authorise the construction of New Railways and Works and the acquisition of Lands by the Great Central Railway Company in connection with their undertaking the acquisition of Additional Lands and the execution of Works by the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company respectively in connection with their respective undertakings the acquisition by the Great Central Railway Company of the undertakings of the Wigan Junction Railways Company and the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company the incorporation of a Joint Committee of the Great Central and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

clxxix. An Act to extend and amend the Humber Conservancy Acts 1852 to 1899 and to confer further Powers on the Humber Conservancy Commissioners and for other purposes. (Humber Conservancy.)

clxxx. An Act to empower the Urban District Council of Littlehampton to purchase the ferry rights over the River Arun at Littlehampton and to construct a bridge over that river and for other purposes. (Littlehampton Urban District Council (Arun Bridge).)

clxxxi. An Act to empower the Shepton Mallet Gas Company to supply electricity within their limits of gas supply (Shepton Mallet Gas Company (Electric Lighting).)

clxxxii. An Act to authorise the Southport Birkdale and West Lancashire Water Board to make new Waterworks and for other purposes. (Southport Birkdale and West Lancashire Water Board.)

clxxxiii. An Act to confer upon the Corporation of the Borough of Ealing further powers with respect to their Electric Lighting Undertaking and with respect to the. regulation of streets and buildings sanitary matters recreation grounds and milk supply and to vest in the Corporation, the appointment of Collectors of Poor Rates and for other purposes. (Ealing Corporation.)

clxxxiv. An Act to confirm and legalise the construction of certain Waterworks constructed by the Urban District Council of Malvern for the supply of water to their District to authorise the Council to construct additional Waterworks for the supply thereof and for other purposes. (Malvern Water.)

clxxxv. An Act to extend the powers of the Central Electric Supply Company Limited and for other purposes. (Central Electric Supply Company's.)

clxxxvi. An Act for conferring further powers on the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water Company. (Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water.)

clxxxvii. An Act to provide for the licensing and control of hospitals for disease and to make other provisions for the health of the Sandgate Urban District and for other purposes. (Sandgate Urban District Council (Sanitary Powers).)

Royal Assent, 11th August 1905.

P. clxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Scheme made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the Counties of London and Middlesex. (London Government Scheme (London and Middlesex Adjustment) Confirmation.)

P. clxxxix. An Act to confirm a Scheme made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the Hackney and Edmonton Unions. (London Government Scheme (Hackney and Edmonton Unions Adjustment) Confirmation.)

P. cxc. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Craster. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wemyss Tramways. (Wemyss Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. cxcii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Brentford Croydon (Rural) Durham Districts Eastbourne (Willingdon Extension) Gravesend (Extension to Northfleet) Kingsbury Old Windsor and Wimborne and District. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. cxciii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bradford Corporation Tramways Gorton Urban District Council Tramways Keighley Corporation Tramways Leeds Corporation Tramways Liverpool Corporation Tramways Extensions and Pudsey Corporation Tramways, (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. cxciv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Colchester Corporation Tramways King’s Norton and North-field Urban District Council Tramway Luton Corporation Tramways Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Amendment) and Southampton Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cxcv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Fraserburgh Harbour. (Fraserburgh Harbour Order Confirmation.)

cxcvi. An Act to confer powers on the Urban District Council of Bangor in the County of Down for the construction of new Waterworks for the extension of their Gas Undertaking for the regulation and control of the Seashore and adjoining Lands and for the Improvement and Local Government of their District and for other purposes. (Bangor (County Down) Water and Improvement.)

cxcvii. An Act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Preston with reference to the Ribble Navigation and for other purposes. (Ribble Navigation.)

cxcviii. An Act to confer farther money and other powers on the Conservators of the River Thames for the deepening widening and improvement of its bed and channel between the Nore and Gravesend and for other purposes. (Thames Conservancy.)

cxcix. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Oldham and Saddleworth District Tramways Company for the Construction of a Tramroad and for other purposes. (Oldham and Saddleworth District Tramways.)

cc. An Act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to Electrical Enerpy and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company (Various Powers).)

cci. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new Railways Dock Works and other Works and the acquisition of Lands and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

ccii. An Act to authorise the North Eastern Railway Company to own and use Vessels for the conveyance of traffic between the Port of Hull and certain Continental Ports and to subscribe to the funds of Steamship Companies and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway (Steam Vessels).)

cciii. An Act to authorise the Urban District Council of Acton to construct and maintain Sewerage and Sewage Outfall Works and to make further provision for the admission of sewage into the Metropolitan Main Drainage System from the Urban District of Acton and for other purposes. (Acton Sewage.)

cciv. An Act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct Additional Waterworks to make Street Improvements to confer upon them further powers with, respect to the Supply of Electricity Streets Buildings Sewers and Drains and with respect to the Local Government and Health of the Borough to raise Additional Money to make further provisions as to Rates and Rating in the Borough and for other purposes. (Bolton Corporation.)

ccv. An Act to confer further powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Halifax with respect to the disposal of trade refuse and for the construction of additional Tramways and in regard to Streets and Buildings and for the Health Local Government and Improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

ccvi. An Act to empower the London County Council to execute Works and to acquire Lands and utilise other Lands to authorise the extension of Hampstead Heath and the exchange of Lands in connection with Parks Commons and Open Spaces to extend the time for the completion of certain authorised Works to provide for the registration of Employment Agencies to confer further powers upon the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Battersea with respect to Latchmere Allotments to provide for Contributions by the Councils of Metropolitan Boroughs to expenditure by the London County Council and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

ccvii. An Act to rename the Ulster and Connaught Light Railways Company the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway Company to authorise the Company to acquire additional lands to extend the time limited by the Newry Ready and Tynan Light Railway Act 1900 and the Ulster and Connaught Light Railways Act 1903 for the compulsory purchase of lands for the purposes thereof and for the completion of the railways thereby authorised to sanction the purchase of the Bessbrook and Newry Railway and for other purposes. (Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway.)

ccviii. An Act for incorporating the North East London Railway Company and for empowering them to construct Railways from the City of London to Walthamstow Epping Forest and Waltham Abbey and for other purposes. (North East London Railway.)

ccix. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Buildings in London to confer various powers on the London County Council and for others purposes. (London Building Acts (Amendment).)

ccx. An Act to confer upon the Urban District Council of Heckmondwike further powers with regard to the supply of water and electricity and the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Heckmondwike Improvement.)

ccxi. An Act to empower the Corporation of Bristol to execute Works to make further provision for the Improvement Health Local Government and Finance of the City of Bristol, and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

ccxii. An Act to consolidate and amend the provisions relating to the tramway undertaking of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Wigan and to confer further powers upon them in relation to that undertaking to empower them to erect a town hall and public baths to make provision for the establishment of a cattle mart and for other purposes. (Wigan Corporation.)

ccxiii. An Act for increasing the capital of the South Barracas (Buenos Ayres) Gas and Coke Company Limited by the creation of paid-up shares and providing for the issue thereof to the shareholders and for other purposes. (South Barracas (Buenos Ayres) Gas and Coke Company Limited.)

106 Table of the Statutes. [5 Edw. 7.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Printed by the King’s Printer, and whereof the printed copies may be given in evidence.

Royal Assent, 11th July 1905.

1. An Act to enable the Baron Barrymore to restore certain forfeited Leases in the town of Tipperary and for other purposes. (Barrymore Estate.)

Royal Assent, 4th August 1905.

2. An Act to remove difficulties which prevent the dealing by way of Mortgage with the Fee Simple of certain Estates of the late Thomas George Corbett Esquire deceased situate in the County of Lincoln and for other purposes. (Corbett Estate.)

Royal Assent, 11th August 1905.

3. An Act for the settlement of the hereditaments and property representing the Estates devised by the Will dated the 26th day of June 1875 of the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington and in such Will referred to as “the Cheshire Estate” and for other purposes. (Earl of Stamford's Cheshire Estate.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Not Printed.

Royal Assent, 30th June 1905.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Robert John McConnell Baronet of Windsor Avenue in the County of the City of Belfast with Elsie George McConnell his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (McConnell’s Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Jane Sarah Victoria Lautour of Ansty House Erdington in the County of Warwick with Ernest Lautour her husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. Divorce.)

An Act to remove doubts as to the validity of a certain Decree dated twenty-second November One thousand eight hundred and ninety-two of the High Court of Justice (Probate Divorce and Admiralty Division) dissolving the Marriage solemnized on the eleventh July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two between John Richard Malone and Charlotte Mildred Malone then Charlotte Mildred Yarde-Buller Spinster and to confirm the said Decree. (Malone’s Divorce (Validation).)

A.D. 1905.] Private Acts. 107

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Charles George Gamble (formerly of No. 14 Rostrevor Terrace Orwell Road Rathgar but now of Mount Jerome House both in the county of Dublin and of 39 Fleet Street in the city of Dublin) Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Judicature Ireland with Ida Gertrude Gamble his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Gamble's Divorce.)

Royal Assent, 11th July 1905.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alice Edith Donovan the wife of Daniel Augustine Donovan with the said Daniel Augustine Donovan and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Donovan's Divorce.)

[Alphabetical list of local, private acts, removed.]

114 Effect of Legislation. [5 Edw. 7

TABLE III.

Showing the Effect of the Year’s Legislation.

ACTS OF FORMER SESSIONS (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED OR AMENDED BY ACTS OF 5 EDWARD 7.

Acts continued annually by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act are not noticed in this Table.

Statute and Chapter. - Subject-matter or Short Title. - How affected. - Chapter of 5 Edw. 7.

Parlt. of Scotland, 1693. - Act for settling the quiet and peace of the Church. - Repealed in part - 12, s. 6 (2), Sch. II.

Parlt. of Scotland, 1707. - Act for securing the Protestant Religion, &c. - Repealed in part - 12, s. 6 (2), Sch. II.

5 Geo. 4. c. 83. - Vagrancy - S. 4 extended - 13, s. 7 (1).

11 Geo. 4. and 1 Will. 4. c. 59. - St. Marylebone Chapels - Ss. 8-19 repealed - vii., s. 5, Sch. (Local).

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 11 - Registration of Aliens - Repealed - 13, s. 10 (2).

16 & 17 Vict. c. 137 Charitable Trusts - Restricted - clii., s. 11 (Local).

17 & 18 Vict. c. 70 St. Marylebone Chapels - Repealed - vii., s. 5, Sch. | (Local).

18 & 19 Vict. c. 124 - Charitable Trusts Amendment - Restricted - clii., s. 11 (Local).

23 & 24 Vict. c. 107 - Refreshment Houses (I.) - S. 43 extended - 3, s. 2.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 136 - Charitable Trusts - Restricted - clii., s. 11 (Local).

29 & 30 Vict. c. 25 - Exchequer Bills and Bonds - S. 26 restricted - 4, s. 7 (3).

32 & 33 Vict. c. 103 - Customs and Excise Warehousing - Repealed - 4, s. 8 (1), Sch.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 110 - Charitable Trusts - Restricted - clii., s. 11 (Local).

35 & 36 Vict. c. 94 - Intoxicating Liquor (E. & I.) - S. 78 extended - 3, s. 2.

39 & 40 Vict. c. 36 - Customs Consolidation - S. 104 repealed in part - 4, ss. 4, 8 (I), Sch.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 2 - Treasury Bills - S. 6 restricted - 1, s.3 (2); 6, s. 2 (2); 17, s. 3 (2).

46 & 47 Vict. c. 57 Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks. - Ss. 62-81 rep.; ss. 82-84, 103, 104 app.; ss. 85-91, 101, 102, 105, 108, 111-117 rep. as to trade marks. - 15, ss. 65, 73, 74, Sch.

49 & 50 Vict. c. 48 - Medical - S. 7 amended - clii., s. 8 (Local).

49 & 50 Vict. c. 48 - Medical - S. 27 amended - 14, s. 1.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 16 - National Debt and Local Loans - S. 15 applied - 22, s. 4.

50 & 51 Vict. c. 49 - Charitable Trusts - Restricted - clii., 8.11 (Local).

50 & 51 Vict. c. 58 - Coal Mines Regulation - Am.; s. 13 am.; s. 14 ext. - 9, ss. 1 (1), 2 (1), 2 (3).

51 & 52 Vict. c. 42 - Mortmain and Charitable Uses - S. 7 amended - clii., s. 9 (Local).

51 & 52 Vict. c. 50 - Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks. - Ss. 8-20 rep.; ss. 21-26 rep. as to trade marks. - 15, s. 73, Sch.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 6 - National Debt - S. 1 amended - 4, s. 7 (4).

54 & 55 Vict. c. 17 - Charitable Trusts (Recovery) - Restricted - clii., s. 11 (Local).

54 & 55 Vict. c. 39 - Stamp - Ss. 69-71 rep.; Sch. I. rep. in part. - 4, ss. 5, 8 (1), Sch.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 70 - East India Loan - Ss. 4-12, 14-17, 19 incorp. - 19, s. 5.

56 & 57 Vict. c. 73 - Local Government - Ss. 85, 86, 88 applied with mods. - 18, s. 8.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 35 - Charitable Trusts (Places of Religious Worship) Amendment. - Restricted - clii., s. 11 (Local).

57 & 58 Vict. c. 58 - Local Government (S.) - Ss. 47, 52, 53 applied with mods. - 18, s. 5 (8).

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60 - Merchant Shipping - S. 692 applied - 10, s. 1 (3).

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60 - Merchant Shipping - Ss. 684-686, 693 applied - 13, s. 7 (2).

58 & 59 Vict. c. 35 - Naval Works - S. 5 applied with mods. - 20, s. 1 (1).

59 & 60 Vict. c. 6 - Naval Works - Ss. 3, 5 applied - 20, s. 1 (1).

61 & 62 Vict. - Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order (I.). - Sch. (Arts. 40, 43, 45) applied with mods. - 18, s. 6 (5). 

63 & 64 Vict. c. 7 - Finance - Ss. 2-7 continued and am. - 4, ss. 2, 3.

63 & 64 Vict. c. 31 - Isle of Man (Customs) - Ss. 1, 2 (2), continued - 16, s. 1.

1 Edw. 7. c. 13 - Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance. - Continued to 1910 - 8, s. 1.

3 Edw. 7. c. 8 - Finance - S. 6 (1), repealed - 4, s. 8 (1), Sch.

3 Edw. 7. c. 46 - Revenue - S. 6 repealed - 4, s. 8 (1), Sch.

4 Edw. 7. c. 7 - Finance - S. 6 repealed - 4, ss. 4, 8 (1), Sch.

[Classified list of acts removed.]

[Index removed.]

