THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES

OF 1953

being those which received the Royal Assent in that year, having been passed during the Second Session and part of the Third Session of the Fortieth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and during the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty QUEEN ELIZABETH THE SECOND with

Tables of the Short Titles and of The Effect of Legislation and an Index

PRINTED BY JOHN ROUGHTON SIMPSON, C.B.

Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office and Queen’s Printer of Acts of Parliament

LONDON : PUBLISHED BY HER MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE Price Cl 15s. net

CONTENTS

Page

Table I.—Alphabetical List of the Public General Acts of 1953 ... c

Table II.—Chronological List of the Public General Acts of 1953 ... e

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1953.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2, cc. 6-52 1

2 Eliz. 2, cc. 1-9 732

Table 111.—Chronological List of the Church Assembly Measures of

1953 i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1953—

1 & 2 Eliz. 2, Nos. 2-5 ii

Table IV.—Effect of Legislation xv

Index to the Public General Acts and Church Assembly Measures of

1953 lxxxi

c

TABLE I

ALPHABETICAL LIST OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1953

Page

Accommodation Agencies Act (c. 23) 197

Agricultural Land (Removal of Surface Soil) Act (c. 10) 5

Air Corporations Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 7) 808

Appropriation Act (c. 35) 330

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 3) 735

Army and Air Force (Annual) Act (c. 31) 273

Auxiliary Forces Act (c. 50) 667

Births and Deaths Registration Act (c. 20) 165

Coastal Flooding (Emergency Provisions) Act (c. 18) 136

Consolidated Fund Act (c. 6) 1

Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act (c. 8) 3

Consolidated Fund vNo. 3) Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 2) 734

Dogs (Protection of Livestock) Act (c. 28) 252

Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 33) 276

Electoral Registers Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 8) 810

Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 47) 621

Enemy Property Act (c. 52) 713

Expiring Laws Continuance Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 9) 813

Finance Act (c. 34) 291

Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act (c. 11) 7

Historic Buildings and Ancient Monuments Act (c. 49) 649

Hospital Endowments (Scotland) Act (c. 41) 471

Iron and Steel Act (c. 15) 72

Isle of Man (Customs) Act (c. 44) 492

Law Reform (Personal Injuries) (Amendment) Act (c. 7) 2

Leasehold Property Act and Long Leases (Scotland) Act Extension Act

(c. 12) 8

Licensing Act (c. 46) 500

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act (c. 26) 237

Local Government Superannuation Act (c. 25) 199

a 2

Alphabetical List

2 Eliz. 2

Page

Marshall Aid Commemoration Act (c. 39) 460

Merchandise Marks Act (c. 48) 645

Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission Act (c. 51) 707

National Insurance Act (c. 29) 254

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act (c. 43) 481

Navy and Marines (Wills) Act (c. 24) 198

New Towns Act (c. 38) 459

Pharmacy Act (c. 19) 155

Post Office Act (c. 36) 391

Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 4) 736

Prevention of Crime Act (c. 14) 71

Public Works Loans Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 6) 808

Regency Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 1) 732

Registration Service Act (c. 37) 444

Rhodesia and Nyasaland Federation Act (c. 30) 271

Road Transport Lighting Act (c. 21) 191

Road Transport Lighting (No. 2) Act (c. 22) 196

Royal Titles Act (c. 9) 4

School Crossing Patrols Act (c. 45) 494

Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act (c. 27) 250

Statute Law Revision Act (2 Eliz. 2, c. 5) 737

Therapeutic Substances (Prevention of Misuse) Act (c. 32) 274

Town and Country Planning Act (c. 16) 117

Transport Act (c. 13) 10

University of St. Andrews Act (c. 40) 462

Valuation for Rating Act (c. 42) 474

White Fish and Herring Industries Act (c. 17) 123

e

TABLE n

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS OF 1953

Chapter of

1 & 2 Eliz. 2 Page

*6 Consolidated Fund Act, 1953 1

7 Law Reform (Personal Injuries) (Amendment) Act, 1953 2

8 Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1953 3

9 Royal Titles Act, 1953 4

10 Agricultural Land (Removal of Surface Soil) Act, 1953 ... 5

11 Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act, 1953 7

12 Leasehold Property Act and Long Leases (Scotland) Act

Extension Act, 1953 8

13 Transport Act, 1953 10

14 Prevention of Crime Act, 1953 71

15 Iron and Steel Act, 1953 72

16 Town and Country Planning Act, 1953 117

17 White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953 123

18 Coastal Flooding (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1953 ... 136

19 Pharmacy Act, 1953 155

20 Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953 165

21 Road Transport Lighting Act, 1953 191

22 Road Transport Lighting (No. 2) Act, 1953 196

23 Accommodation Agencies Act, 1953 197

24 Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1953 198

25 Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953 199

26 Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 237

27 Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, 1953 250

28 Dogs (Protection of Livestock) Act, 1953 252

29 National Insurance Act, 1953 254

30 Rhodesia and Nyasaland Federation Act, 1953 271

31 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1953 273

32 Therapeutic Substances (Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1953 274

33 Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 276

*34 Finance Act, 1953 291

*35 Appropriation Act, 1953 330

36 Post Office Act, 1953 391

37 Registration Service Act, 1953 444

*38 New Towns Act, 1953 459

39 Marshall Aid Commemoration Act, 1953 460

40 University of St. Andrews Act, 1953 462

41 Hospital Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1953 471

42 Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 474

• Certified by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill.

Chronological List

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of

1 & 2 Eliz. 2 Page

43 National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953 ... 481

*44 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1953 492

45 School Crossing Patrols Act, 1953 494

46 Licensing Act, 1953 500

47 Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 ... 621

48 Merchandise Marks Act, 1953 645

49 Historic Buildings and Ancient Monuments Act, 1953 ... 649

50 Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953 667

51 Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission Act,

1953 707

52 Enemy Property Act, 1953 713

Chapter of 2 Eliz. 2 *

1 Regency Act, 1953 ... 732

*2 Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1953 ... 734

*3 Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act, 1953 ... 735

*4 Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1953 ... 736

5 Statute Law Revision Act, 1953 ... 737

6 Public Works Loans Act, 1953 ... 808

7 Air Corporations Act, 1953 ... 808

8 Electoral Registers Act, 1953 ... 810

9 Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1953 ... 813

* Certified by the Speaker under the Parliament Act, 1911, as a Money Bill.

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 6

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-three.

[12th February 1953.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of Issue of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply £160»855,920 granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the consolidated thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty- Fund for the three, the sum of one hundred and sixty million, eight hundred service of the

and fifty-five thousand, nine hundred and twenty pounds. y®8* ending

31st March, 1953.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England Seulreasury and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on thelo rrow’ credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole, one hundred and sixty million, eight hundred and fifty-five thousand, nine hundred and twenty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal 40 & 41 Vict, of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills. c*2-

A

j

2 Ch. 6,7 Consolidated Fund 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

, 1953

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

[Short title.] 3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund Act, 1953.

CHAPTER 7

An Act to amend section two of the Law Reform (Personal Injuries) Act, 1948, in relation to the assessment in Scotland of damages for death.

[12th February 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Amendment of 1. In section two of the Law Reform (Personal Injuries) Act, s. 2 of 11 & 12 1948} (which relates to the measure of damages for personal Geo. 6. c. 41. injury or death) there shall be inserted after subsection (5; the following subsection:—

" (5A) In an action for damages in Scotland in respect of a person’s death there shall not in assessing those damages be taken into account any right to benefit resulting from that person’s death."

Short title 2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Law Reform (Personal

and com- Injuries) (Amendment) Act, 1953. mencement.

(2) The provisions of subsection (5A) of section two of the Law Reform (Personal Injuries) Act, 1948, shall apply whether the cause of action accrued or the action was commenced before or after the commencement of this Act.

1953

Ch. 8

3

Consolidated Fund (No. 2)

Act, 1953

CHAPTER 8

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-two, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-three and one thousand nine, hundred and fifty-four.

[26th March 1953.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of [^9°8f070 l7s l0d the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply out'of tiio

Consolidated Fund

granted to Her Majesty for the service of the years ending on the for u» service of thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-two and one thousand nine hundred and fifty-three, the sum ofand l953, eighty-nine million, seven hundred and ninety-eight thousand and seventy pounds, seventeen shillings and tenpence.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of 200 out the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the of S* thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-31 st March-,954-four, the sum of one thousand six hundred and thirty-four million, two hundred and forty-six thousand, two hundred pounds.

3.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the Power for issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England the Treasury and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on theto borrow* credit of the said sums, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four million, forty-four thousand, two hundred and seventy pounds, seventeen shillings and tenpence.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal 40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict, of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills. c-2*

Short title.

Power to alter the style and titles of the Crown.

Ch. 8, 9 Consolidated Fund (No, 2) 1 & 2 Buz. 2

Act, 1953

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1953.

CHAPTER 9

An Act to provide for an alteration of the Royal Style and Titles.

[26th March 1953.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the style and titles at present appertaining to the Crown should be altered so as to reflect more clearly the existing constitutional relations of the members of the Commonwealth to one another and their recognition of the Crown as the symbol of their free association and of the Sovereign as the Head of the Commonwealth:

And whereas it was agreed between representatives of Her Majesty’s Governments in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the Union of South Africa, Pakistan and Ceylon assembled in London in the month of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, that there is need for an alteration thereof which, whilst permitting of the use in relation to each of those countries of a form suiting its particular circumstances, would retain a substantial element common to all:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same as follows:— 1

1. The assent of the Parliament of the United Kingdom is hereby given to the adoption by Her Majesty, for use in relation to the United Kingdom and all other the territories for whose foreign

1953

Royal Titles , 1953

Ch. 9, 10

5

relations Her Government in the United Kingdom is responsible, of such style and titles as Her Majesty may think fit having regard to the said agreement, in lieu of the style and titles at present appertaining to the Crown, and to the issue by Her for that purpose of Her Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the Realm.

2. This Act may be cited as the Royal Titles Act, 1953. Short Title.

CHAPTER 10

An Act to make it an offence to remove surface soil from land in certain circumstances; and for purposes connected therewith.

[6th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) If— Removal of

(a) a person removes surface soil from agricultural land ^thcmt*0*1 with a view to the sale of that soil, and planning

(b) the removal of that soil constitutes development within permission10 the meaning of the Town and Country Planning Act, aga^this^ 1947, and is carried out without the grant of permission Act. required in that behalf under Part HI of that Act, and io & 11 Geo. 6.

(c) the quantity of soil so removed in any period of three c* 51 * months amounts to more than five cubic yards,

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

(2) Subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to the cutting of peat or to the removal of so much surface soil as it is reasonably necessary to remove in the course of cutting turf.

(3) The reference in subsection (1) of this section to agricultural land shall include a reference to land the use of which for agriculture has been discontinued in consequence of the intention to remove surface soil from that land.

2.—(1) A person guilty of an offence against this Act shall be Punishment liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred of offences pounds: against this

Provided that where a person is convicted of an offence against this Act and it is shown to the satisfaction of the court that the

Consent of Attorney General or Director of Public

Prosecutions required before prosecution.

Application to Scotland.

10 & 11 Geo 6

c. 53.

Ch. 10 Agricultural Land 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

t Removal of Surface Soil) Act, 1953

offence was substantially a repetition or continuation of an earlier offence by him after he had been convicted of the earlier offence, he shall be liable—

(a) to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months; or

(b) to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds for every day on which the earlier offence has been so repeated or continued by him or two hundred pounds (whichever is the greater),

or to both.

(2) Where an offence against this Act which has been committed by a body corporate is proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other similar officer of the body corporate, or any person purporting to act in any such capacity, he as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

In this subsection the expression " director ", in relation to any body corporate established by or under any enactment for the purpose of carrying on under national ownership any industry or part of an industry or undertaking, being a body corporate whose affairs are managed by members thereof, means a member of that body.

(3) In proceedings under this Act it shall be a defence to show that, before the carrying out of the operations in respect of which the proceedings are brought, it was determined or decided under section seventeen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, that those particular operations would not fall within paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of the foregoing section; but a determination or decision under the said section seventeen shall not in other circumstances be treated as conclusive for the purposes of this Act.

3. No prosecution under this Act shall be brought in England or Wales save by or with the consent of the Attorney General or the Director of Public Prosecutions. 4

4. In the application of this Act to Scotland, for the references to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, to Part III of that Act and to section seventeen of that Act there shall be substituted references to the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, to Part II of that Act and to section fifteen of that Act.

1953

Agricultural Land

(Removal of Surface Soil) , 1953

Ch. 10, 11

7

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Agricultural Land Short title, (Removal of Surface Soil) Act, 1953. interpretation

extent and

(2) In this Act the expressions " agriculture " and " agricul- ment. tural " have the same meanings as in the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the fourteenth day after the passing of this Act.

CHAPTER 11

An Act to extend the power of the Secretary of State under section seven of the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Act, 1937, to authorise the undertaking by certain local and harbour authorities of operations in connection with marine works.

[6th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In subsection (1) of section seven of the Harbours, Piers Amendment and Ferries (Scotland) Act, 1937 (which provides that in certain of 8-7 <of circumstances the Secretary of State may authorise a local or^rsand* harbour authority to undertake, subject to the Second Schedule perries to the said Act, certain operations in connection with a marine (Scotland) Act, work) for the words " five thousand pounds " there shall be 1937. substituted the words " twenty-five thousand pounds (1 Edw. 8 and

1 uCO. O. C. Zo) 2

2. This Act may be cited as the Harbours, Piers and Ferries Short title and (Scotland) Act, 1953, and this Act and the Harbours, Piers and citation. Ferries (Scotland) Act, 1937, may be cited together as the Harbours, Piers and Ferries (Scotland) Acts, 1937 and 1953.

Extension of 14 & 15 Geo. c. 38.

Ch. 12 Leasehold Property Act and 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Long Leases (Scotland) Act Extension Act, 1953

CHAPTER 12

An Act to extend for a further period the operation of the Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1951, and the Long Leases (Temporary Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1951.

[6th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of extending the period for which the Leasehold Property (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1951, operates, that Act shall be amended—

(a) by the substitution for references to the period of two years beginning with the commencement of that Act of references to the period (hereafter in this section referred to as " the extended period ") beginning with the commencement of that Act and ending with the twenty-fourth day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and

(b) by the substitution for references to the expiration of two years after the commencement of that Act of references to the expiration of the extended period.

(2) In the application of section five of the said Act of 1951 to tenancies granted for terms expiring on or after the twenty-fourth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, subsection (4) of that section (which provides for the staying of proceedings to enforce certain covenants brought after the introduction and before the commencement of that Act) shall have effect—

(a) with the substitution for the reference to the twenty-first day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty of a reference to the twenty-first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, and

(b) with the substitution for the first three references to the commencement of the said Act of 1951 of references to the commencement of this Act.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in section eleven of the said Act of 1951, where apart from that section the expiring tenancy—

(a) would come to an end by notice to quit given by the landlord, and

1953 Leasehold Property Act and Ch. 12 9

Long Leases (Scotland) Act Extension , 1953

(b) would so come to an end on or after the twenty-third day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-three,

an application under Part II of the said Act of 1951 shall not be treated as out of time if made not later than one month after the commencement of this Act.

In this subsection the expression " the expiring tenancy " has the same meaning as in Part II of the said Act of 1951.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of this section, that subsection shall not affect sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section two of the said Act of 1951 (which provides, as a condition of the continuation of long leases expiring before the commencement of that Act, that if the tenant was holding over in right of a tenancy the tenancy must have been such as to expire or to be capable of being terminated earlier than the expiration of two years after the commencement of that Act).

2. —(1) For the purpose of extending the period for which the Extension of Long Leases (Temporary Provisions) (Scotland) Act, 1951, N& 15 Geo. 6. operates, that Act shall be amended by the substitution for the c*28* reference to the period of two years beginning with the commencement of that Act appearing in subsection (1) of section

one thereof of a reference to the period beginning with the commencement of that Act and ending with the term of Martinmas, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

(2) In the application of section three of the said Act of 1951 (which provides inter alia for the sisting of certain proceedings brought by a landlord against a tenant after the introduction and before the commencement of that Act) to leases of property in Scotland terminating at an ish falling on or after the tenth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, subsection (1) of that section shall have effect—

(a) with the substitution for the reference to the twenty-first day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty, of a reference to the twenty-first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, and

(b) with the substitution for the references to the commence-

ment of that Act of references to the commencement of this Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Leasehold Property Act and Short title. Long Leases (Scotland) Act Extension Act, 1953.

A*

10

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 13

Transport , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Carriage of Goods Road

Section

1. Disposal of Commission's existing road haulage undertaking.

2. Road Haulage Disposal Board.

3. Sales of transport units.

4. Transfer of transport units to companies under control of Commission.

5. Transfer of property to companies with a view to the sale of their

shares.

6. Disposal of property otherwise than in transport units.

7. Commission's vehicles to require licences but to be free from twenty-five

mile limit.

8. Repeal, as from end of 1954, of provisions relating to twenty-five mile

limit.

9. Amendments as to grounds for granting or refusing licences.

10. Abrogation of rights of Commission and companies controlled by them

under covenants, etc., against carrying on road haulage business.

11. Supplemental provisions as to preceding sections.

The Transport Levy and the Transport Fund

12. The transport levy.

13. Establishment of Transport Fund.

14. Payments to Commission out of Transport Fund for loss on disposal

of road haulage undertaking.

15. Cessation of transport levy and winding up of Transport Fund.

Re-organisation of Railways

16. Re-organisation of railways.

17. Approval and amendment of re-organisation schemes.

Road passenger transport, trade harbours and port facilities

18. Repeals and amendments relating to the Commission's functions with

respect to road passenger transport.

19. Trade harbours and port facilities.

Charges, etc.

20. Amendments as to charges schemes.

21. Exclusion of certain enactments.

22. Protection of traders against unreasonable or unfair treatment as to

charges.

23. Special procedure for temporary authorisation of increased charges.

24. Amendments of Cheap Trains Act, 1883, s. 6.

Amendments as to general duty and constitution of , etc.

25. Amendments as to general duty and constitution of Commission, etc.

26. Miscellaneous amendments as to Commission.

Pension rights and compensation to employees

27. Provisions as to pension rights.

28. Compensation to officers and servants.

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

11

Miscellaneous and General

Section

29. Amendments as to Consultative Committees for Scotland and Wales.

30. Amendments as to Coastal Shipping Advisory Committee.

31. Amendments as to Transport Tribunal.

32. Amendments as to Transport Arbitration Tribunal.

33. Repeal of s. 7 and s. 114 of Transport Act, 1947.

34. Administrative provisions.

35. Interpretation.

36. Short title, extent and repeals.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Rights of obtaining licences for five years for goods vehicles free of charge.

Part I—Vehicles comprised in transport units.

Part II—Goods vehicles of Commission.

Second Schedule—Rates of Transport Levy.

Third Schedule—Meaning of44 Road Haulage Capital Loss ". Fourth Schedule—Modifications and extensions of section thirty-nine of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and section thirty-nine of the Railways Act, 1921.

Fifth Schedule—Provisions of the Transport Act, 1947, repealed.

-An Act to require the British Transport Commission to dispose of the property held by them for the proposes of the part of their undertaking which is carnal on through the Road Haulage Executive; to amend the law relating to the carriage of goods by road and to provide for a levy, for the benefit of the said Commission and for other purposes, on motor vehicles used on roads; to provide for the reorganisation of the railways operated by the said Commission and to amend the law relating to the powers, duties and composition of the said Commission; to repeal certain provisions of the Transport Act,

1947, and to amend other provisions thereof; to amend section six of the Cheap Trains Act, 1883; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[6th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Carriage of Goods by Road

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall be the Disposal of duty of the British Transport Commission (in this Act referred Commission’s to as " the Commission") to dispose, as quickly as is reason- ^dhaulage ably practicable, of all the property held by them for the pur- undertaking, poses of so much of their undertaking as is at the passing of this Act carried on through the Road Haulage Executive.

A* 2

12

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

The part of the undertaking of the Commission referred to in this subsection is hereafter in this Act referred to as " the existing road haulage undertaking "

(2) Pending the disposal of the property mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, it shall be die duty of the Commission to carry on the existing road haulage undertaking in such manner as may appear to them to be expedient for the purpose of enabling the said property to be disposed of without delay and on the best terms available, and without avoidable disturbance of the transport system of the country.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this subsection, sections thirty-nine to fifty-one, section fifty-four, section fifty-five and subsection (2) of section sixty of the Transport Act, 1947 (which relate to the acquisition of certain road transport undertakings by the Commission), and any notice of acquisition given under Part III of that Act before the passing of this Act, shall cease to have effect:

Provided that this subsection shall not affect the operation of the said provisions in relation to or in connection with any transfer effected before the passing of this Act in consequence of any notice of acquisition under the said Part III.

(4) Nothing in this section shall be taken as restricting the powers conferred on the Commission by section two of the Transport Act, 1947, and, accordingly, the Commission may provide, continue or develop any services or facilities for the carriage of goods by road otherwise than as part of the operation of the existing road haulage undertaking.

(5) The references in this Act to the property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking are references to—

(a) property which at the passing of this Act is held by

the Commission solely or partly for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking and is then in the possession, as between the Road Haulage Executive and persons other than the Commission, of that Executive; and

(b) property which after the passing of this Act is obtained or appropriated by the Commission solely or partly for or to the purposes of the said undertaking and thereby comes into the possession of the Road Haulage Executive as aforesaid or would thereby so come into the possession of that Executive if die undertaking were being carried on through that Executive,

other than property which is consumed or disposed of in the ordinary course of the carrying on of that undertaking:

Provided that the Minister may direct that any property held by the Commission at the passing of this Act, or thereafter

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

13

obtained or appropriated by them, partly for or to the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking and partly for or to other purposes shall be treated, or shall not be treated, as property held by the Commission for the purposes of that undertaking and the said references shall be construed accordingly.

(6) Nothing in this section shall compel the Commission, unless they think fit so to do, to dispose of any property, being money or being a claim for a debt or other monetary claim.

2.—(1) There shall be a body, to be called the Road Haulage Road Haulage Disposal Board (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Board "), Disposal with the powers and duties conferred and imposed on them by Board, the subsequent provisions of this Act.

(2) The Board shall consist of six members all of whom shall be appointed by the Minister.

(3) Of the said members the Minister shall appoint one to be chairman and one to be deputy chairman of the Board

(4) Of the remaining members of the Board—

(a) one member shall be appointed from among persons nominated by the Commission;

(6) one member shall be appointed after consultation with such bodies representative of trade and industry as the Minister thinks fit;

(c) one member shall be appointed after consultation with such bodies representative of persons holding A or B licences as the Minister thinks fit; and id) one member shall be appointed after consultation with such bodies representative of persons holding C licences as the Minister thinks fit

(5) Every member of the Board shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for reappointment:

Provided that any member may at any time by notice in writing to the Minister resign his office.

(6) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Board so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

(7) A member of the Board who is in any way directly or indirectly interested in any transaction entered into or proposed-to be entered into by the Commission with which the Board are concerned shall disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Board; and the disclosure shall be recorded in the minutes of the Board, and the member shall not take any part in any deliberation or decision of the Board with respect to that transaction:

Provided that a member of the Board appointed under paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of this section shall not be deemed

14

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Sales of

transport

units.

for the purposes of this subsection to be interested in any transaction by reason only of the interest which the Commission has therein.

(8) Any question arising at any meeting of the Board shall be determined in accordance with the opinion of the majority of the members of the Board present and voting at that meeting:

Provided that if at any meeting of the Board there is a difference of opinion between the members of the Board on any question, and the chairman, or, in the absence of the chairman, die deputy chairman, considers that the matter is of sufficient importance to require to be referred to the Minister, he may refer the matter to the Minister, and where the matter is so referred to the Minister the Minister may, if he thinks fit, give directions to the Board as to the course to be followed, and the Board shall comply with any such directions.

(9) The Board shall from time to time, and at least once in every six months, make to the Minister a report in writing as to the progress made in the disposal of the property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking and the Minister shall lay a copy of each such report before each House of Parliament.

The report for any period shall set out any direction given by the Minister to the Board during that period and any action taken by the Board in compliance with such direction.

(10) The Board may appoint a secretary and, with the approval of the Minister, such other officers and such servants as they consider necessary for assisting them in the proper execution of their duties.

(11) There shall be paid to the members of the Board and to any officer or servant of the Board such remuneration (whether by way of salaries, fees or allowances) as may be determined by the Minister, with the approval, in the case of the members of the Board, of the Treasury; and any such remuneration as aforesaid and any other expenses of the Board shall be defrayed out of the Transport Fund established under the subsequent provisions of this Act.

(12) The Board may act notwithstanding a vacancy among the members thereof, and the quorum of the Board shall be three.

(13) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, the Board may regulate their own procedure.

3.—(1) For the purpose of disposing of the property held by them for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking, the Commission shall from time to time, by public notice, invite tenders for the purchase, on specified conditions, of—

(a) one or more specified motor vehicles; and

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

15

(b) such other property, if any, as may be specified,

and the specified conditions may include conditions whereby the purchaser takes over such rights and obligations of the Commission, whether under contract or otherwise, as may be specified, being rights and obligations connected with the subject matter of the purchase.

(2) In the case of each such invitation, the properties which are to be the subject of the purchase, and the conditions of the purchase, shall be such as, in the opinion of the Commission, are calculated to enable a purchaser to engage without delay in the carriage of goods by road for hire or reward, and the aggregate of the property, rights and obligations which a purchaser obtains or will obtain under a purchase resulting from such an invitation is hereafter in this Act referred to as "a transport unit".

(3) In determining what are to be the transport units for which persons are invited to tender as aforesaid, the Commission shall have regard to the desirability of securing that persons desirous of entering or re-entering the road haulage industry have a reasonable opportunity of doing so notwithstanding that their resources permit them to do so only if their operations are on a small scale, and, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision but subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of this section, no transport unit shall, without the approval of the Minister, include more than fifty motor vehicles or motor vehicles the aggregate weight of which unladen exceeds two hundred tons.

Subject as aforesaid, the transport units shall be determined with a view to securing that the property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking fetches in the aggregate the best possible price. 4

(4) The provisions of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall, subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of this section, have effect for the purpose of giving to the purchaser of a transport unit and his successors in title the rights referred to in those provisions of obtaining free of charge, for the five year period therein referred to, authorisations under A licences to use the vehicles comprised in the unit, or other vehicles substituted therefor in accordance with the said provisions, without being subject to the condition provided for in section fifty-two of the Transport Act, 1947 (namely that, except under or in accordance with a permit granted by die Commission, goods shall not be carried for hire or reward in any authorised vehicle if at any time while the goods are being so carried the vehicle is more than twenty-five miles from its operating centre).

16

Ch. 13

Transport Act, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

(5) The vehicles included in a transport unit may include vehicles specified as additional vehicles, and the vehicles so specified shall—

(a) be deemed for the purposes of the First Schedule to this Act not to be included in that transport unit, but without prejudice to the substitution thereof in accordance with Part I of the said First Schedule for other vehicles so included;

(b) be disregarded for the purposes of the limitations imposed by subsection (3) of this section on the size of the transport unit.

(6) In determining which tenders for transport units are to be accepted and which refused, the Commission shall have regard to the desirability of avoiding any step which is likely to lead to the elimination or undue restriction of competition in the carriage of goods by road for hire or reward, but no such tender shall be refused wholly or mainly on the ground that it is likely to lead to the elimination or undue restriction of such competition as aforesaid without the consent of the Minister.

(7) In performing their duties under this section the Commission shall consult the Board and act on lines settled from time to time with the approval of the Board, and no invitation to tender for a transport unit shall be issued by the Commission without the approval of the Board and no tender for any transport unit shall be accepted or refused by the Commission without the approval of the Board; and the Board shall not give their approval to the acceptance of any such tender unless they are satisfied that the price is a reasonable one having regard to the value of the property and rights which the purchaser will obtain by the purchase, including the rights provided for by Part I of the First Schedule to this Act.

(8) If any difference arises between the Commission and the Board as to the lines on which the Commission are to act in performing their duties under this section or as to what properties should be included in, or what should be the conditions attached to the purchase of, any transport unit, or as to whether any tender for a transport unit should or should not be accepted, either the Commission or the Board may refer the matter to the Minister and the Minister shall give such directions therein as he thinks fit, and any directions so given by him shall be binding on the Commission and the Board.

Where Scotland is affected, the Minister shall consult the Secretary of State for Scotland before giving any directions under this subsection.

(9) In this section " specified " means specified in the public notice inviting the tenders or ascertainable in the manner specified in that notice.

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

17

4.—(1) Where either—

(a) an invitation to tender for the purchase of specified

property has been issued under the last preceding section; or

(b) the Board have approved the issue by the Commission

of such an invitation; or

(c) the Board have informed the Commission that they

would be prepared to approve the issue of such an invitation,

the Commission may, if the Minister gives his consent, make over to any company under their direct or indirect control all the property and connected rights and obligations, if any, which the purchaser would have obtained under a purchase resulting from the invitation, and in that event subsections (4) and (5) of the last preceding section, section six of this Act and the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as if the transaction had been a purchase in pursuance of the invitation and as if all such things had been done as would have fallen to be done if the transaction had been such a purchase, and, without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this subsection, references in the said provisions of this Act to transport units, to purchasers of transport units and to additional vehicles shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that, without prejudice to the power of the Minister to give or refuse his consent under this subsection in any case and on any ground, the Minister shall so exercise his powers under this subsection as to secure that—

(i) the total weight unladen of the motor vehicles made

over to companies thereunder does not exceed five-fourths of the total weight unladen of the motor vehicles owned on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, by the bodies corporate which, on that day, came, by virtue of Part II of the Transport Act, 1947, under the direct or indirect control of the Commission; and

(ii) without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this proviso, the total weight unladen of the vehicles so made over which belong to each of the three following categories, that is to say—

(a) vehicles (whether motor vehicles or trailers) specially constructed to carry abnormal indivisible loads;

(b) motor vehicles (of whatever character) which in the opinion of the Minister ought to be regarded as special vehicles constructed for special purposes other than the carriage of abnormal indivisible loads;

Transfer of

transport

units to

companies

under

control of

Commission.

Transport Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

18

Ch. 13

(c) other motor vehicles, does not exceed thirteen-tenths of the total weight unladen of the vehicles so owned belonging to those categories respectively.

(2) The annual statement to be prepared by the Commission under section ninety-four of the Transport Act, 1947, shall, as respects any period during which any company to which property has been made over under this section remains under the direct or indirect control of the Commission, include information as to the principal activities of the company and be so framed as to show the financial results of the activities of the company, and the Minister and the Treasury shall exercise their powers under the said section ninety-four accordingly.

(3) So long as any company to which property has been made over under this section remains under the direct or indirect control of the Commission, any person employed by the company shall be deemed for the purposes of section ninety-five of the Transport Act, 1947 (which relates to terms and conditions of employment of staff), to be employed by the Commission and to be under the direct control of the Commission itself.

Transfer of property to companies with a view to the sale of their shares.

5.—(1) If it appears to the Commission that it is expedient that any property held by them for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking should, instead of being disposed of under section three or section four of this Act, be disposed of under this section and that such disposal will not prejudice the purposes to which the Commission are to have regard under subsection (3) of the said section three, they may make over that property, together with any such rights or obligations of theirs as in their opinion can conveniently be made over therewith, to a company under their control in the shares of which no other person than they themselves have any beneficial interest, with a view to die subsequent sale of the shares of the company:

Provided that the Commission shall not exercise their powers under this subsection without the approval of /the Board, and the Board shall not give their approval unless it appears to them that the proposed course of action is expedient and will not prejudice 4he purposes to which the Commission are to have regard as aforesaid.

(2) Where any property is made over to a company under subsection (1) of this section, it shall be made over at a price equal to the net value thereof as shown in the books of the Commission (but adjusted so as to take into account depreciation up to the time of the making over thereof so far as not already taken into account), increased by the value, if any, as so shown, of any rights of the Commission made over therewith, and decreased by the value, if any, as so shown, of any liabilities of the Commission made over therewith.

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

19

In this subsection " net value " means value after deducting depreciation, and the references to values shown in the books of the Commission are references to the values so shown after making, if the Commission, in making up their books for the year nineteen hundred and fifty-two or any subsequent year, depart to any substantial extent from the principles and practice applied by them for the years falling before the year nineteen hundred and fifty-two, all adjustments which are necessary to produce the result which would have been produced but for the departure, and the requirement that the net value shall be adjusted so as to take into account depreciation up to the time of the making over of the property shall be construed as a requirement that the additional depreciation shall be allowed at the rates at which, and in the cases in which, depreciation was allowed under the said principles and practice.

(3) Where the Commission have made over any property to a company under subsection (1) of this section, they shall proceed to the sale of all the shares thereof as soon as is reasonably practicable, and to that end shall, as soon as is reasonably practicable, by public notice invite tenders for the purchase (in one parcel) of all those shares, on conditions specified in the notice or ascertainable in a manner specified in the notice:

Provided that—

(a) no invitation to tender under this section shall be issued without the approval of the Board; and

(b) if it appears to the Commission that the sale of the shares by tender would be inappropriate and would be unlikely to secure the best possible price for the shares, they may, with the approval of the Board, sell the shares (in one parcel) otherwise than by tender.

(4) In determining whether any tender or offer for the shares of any such company as aforesaid is to be accepted or refused, the Commission shall have regard to the desirability of avoiding any step which is likely to lead to the elimination or undue restriction of competition in the carriage of goods by road for hire or reward, but no such tender or offer shall be refused wholly or mainly on the ground that it is likely to lead to the elimination or undue restriction of such competition as aforesaid without the consent of the Minister.

(5) No tender or offer for the shares of any such company as aforesaid shall be accepted or refused by the Commission without the approval of the Board, and the Board shall not approve the acceptance of any such tender or offer unless they are satisfied that the price is a reasonable one having regard to the value of the company’s undertaking and the rights conferred by the subsequent provisions of this section.

(6) If any difference arises between the Commission and the Board under this section, the Commission or the Board may refer

20

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

the matter to the Minister and the Minister shall give such directions as he thinks fit and any directions so given by him shall be binding on the Commission and the Board.

Where Scotland is affected, the Minister shall consult the Secretary of State for Scotland before giving any directions under this subsection.

(7) Where property is made over to a company under subsection (1) of this section, section twelve of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, shall have effect as if—

(a) the company were and at all times since the passing of

this Act (or since its incorporation, whichever is the later) had been a subsidiary company of the Commission and the Commission were and at all times since the passing of this Act had been the holding company thereof;

(b) the Commission, in every application made for a licence

under Part II of the First Schedule to this Act, being an application made before the making over of the property, had signified to the licensing authority their desire that the provisions of the said section twelve should have effect as respects the company;

(c) the reference in subsection (1) of the said section twelve to Part I of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, included a reference to section fifty-nine of the Transport Act, 1947, subsections (1) to (5) of section seven of this Act and Part II of the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect in relation to a company only as respects the period preceding the date on which its shares are transferred in pursuance of the sale thereof under this section.

(8) Where the shares of a company are transferred in pursuance of the sale thereof under this section, the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as if the company had, at the time of the transfer of the shares, purchased as or as part of a transport unit all the vehicles owned by it on that date which were then authorised vehicles under an A licence granted to the Commission under Part II of the First Schedule to this Act or were specified in a then pending application for such a licence as vehicles intended to be authorised thereunder and as if all such things had been done as would have fallen to be done if the vehicles had been so purchased; and, without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this subsection, references in the said First Schedule to transport units, to purchasers of transport units and to motor vehicles sold as or as part of transport units shall be construed accordingly:

Provided that—

(o) the total number of trailers specified by virtue of paragraph 2 of Part I of the said First Schedule in applications

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

21

for special A licences shall not exceed the number of trailers in the possession of the company at the time of transfer of the shares;

(6) in paragraph 4 of the said Part I, the reference to the Commission shall be deemed to be a reference to the company and the reference to the publication of the public notice inviting tenders shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of the transfer of the shares.

(9) The Commission, in making over vehicles to a company under subsection (1) of this section, may, by notice to the company, designate certain of those vehicles as additional vehicles, and in that event—

(a) any application by the Commission for an A licence under Part II of the First Schedule to this Act and any licence granted in pursuance of any such application shall lapse so far as it relates to any motor vehicles so designated, but without prejudice to the substitution of any such vehicle for another vehicle in accordance with the provisions of the said Part II;

(b) the Commission shall give all such notices and make all such applications as are necessary to secure that no such vehicle, being a motor vehicle, is included in an A licence so granted otherwise than by virtue of such a substitution as aforesaid and that any such vehicle, being a motor vehicle, which has been included in such an A licence otherwise than by virtue of such a substitution is removed therefrom;

(c) any such vehicles, being trailers, shall be left out of account for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the proviso to the last preceding subsection.

(10) Any property made over to a company under subsection

(1) of this section shall be deemed for the purposes of section six of this Act to have been disposed of as or as part of a transport unit, but if, after any property has been so made over to a company but before the shares of the company have been transferred in pursuance of the sale thereof under this section, any property of the company (whether part of such property or not) is transferred to the Commission, the property so transferred to the Commission shall be deemed for all the purposes of this Act to become property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking and shall be dealt with accordingly.

(11) A company to which property has been made over under subsection (1) of this section—

(a) may dispose of any of its property in the ordinary

course of its business; and

(b) may, with the approval of the Board, dispose of any of

its property to die Commission, but, save as aforesaid, may not dispose of any of its property:

Transport Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

22

Ch. 13

Provided that this subsection shall have effect, in relation to a company, only as respects the period preceding the date on which its shares are transferred in pursuance of the sale thereof under this section.

(12) Until the shares of any company to which property has been made over under subsection (1) of this section are transferred in pursuance of the sale thereof under this section, any person employed by the company shall be deemed for the purposes of section ninety-five of the Transport Act, 1947 (which relates to terms and conditions of employment of staff), to be employed by the Commission and to be under the direct control of the Commission themselves.

(13) Where a company to which property has been made over under subsection (1) of this section has disposed of all its property, this section shall cease to apply to it unless and until further property is transferred to it under the said subsection (1).

Disposal of 6.—(1) If it appears to the Commission as respects any pro-

PthPe^y than t^iem for the purposes of the existing road haulage

in transport undertaking that it is impracticable or inexpedient to dispose of

units. that property as or as part of a transport unit, they may, with

the consent of the Minister, dispose of that property otherwise than as or as part of a transport unit.

Any consent of the Minister under this subsection may be given so as to apply to a specified transaction or to a specified class of transactions or to all transactions and may be given either absolutely or subject to conditions, including, in particular, conditions requiring the approval of the Board to be obtained (whether as to the action to be taken in particular cases or as to the general lines on which action is to be taken).

(2) The Minister may give directions to the Commission, as respects any property held by them for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking, requiring them to dispose of that property otherwise than as or as part of a transport unit, and the Commission shall comply with any such directions.

Any directions of the Minister under this subsection may be absolute or conditional, need not be restricted to individual items of property and may require the Commission to consult the Board and, to such extent, if any, as may be specified in the directions, to obtain the approval of the Board as to the action to be taken.

(3) If it appears to the Commission as respects any property held by them for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking that the retention thereof by them for use for the purposes of some other part of their undertaking (being a part the operations of which do not consist wholly or mainly in the carriage of goods by road for hire or reward) is necessary in

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

23

order to avoid prejudice to the efficient carrying on thereof, they may, with the consent of the Minister, retain that property for such use as aforesaid instead of disposing of it.

(4) Any land or interest in land which—

(a) is property held by the Commission for the purposes of

the existing road haulage undertaking; and

(b) immediately before the date of transfer, as defined in Part II of the Transport Act, 1947, was property of any of the bodies specified in the Third Schedule to that Act; and

(c) on the said date of transfer, vested in the Commission

under the said Part II,

may, if the land is within the precincts of premises which, at the passing of this Act, are occupied by the Commission but are not then in the possession, as between the Road Haulage Executive and persons other than the Commission, of that Executive, be retained by the Commission.

(5) Save as provided by the preceding provisions of this section, the Commission shall not dispose of any property held by them for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking otherwise than as or as part of a transport unit:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall prevent the Commission consuming or disposing of any such property in the ordinary course of the carrying on of the existing road haulage undertaking, and nothing in this subsection shall apply to any such property being money or a claim for a debt or other monetary claim.

7.—(1) Section fifty-nine of the Transport Act, 1947 (which Commission’s provides that no licence is required for goods vehicles used vehicles to by the Commission), shall cease to have effect. t^tobe5^?8

(2) As respects goods vehicles which at the passing of this Act from belonged to the Commission or were in the possession of the Commission under an agreement for hire or loan, the repeal oftmlc the said section shall not take effect until six months from the passing of this Act and, if before the expiration of the said six months an application is made for a licence authorising the use of any of the vehicles which so belonged to the Commission, that repeal shall not take effect as respects those vehicles until the application is determined by the licensing authority.

(3) If any vehicle as respects which the said section fifty-nine is still in force is destroyed or damaged beyond repair or is disposed of in the ordinary course of the business of the Commission, the Commission may substitute for that vehicle—

(a) if the vehicle is a motor vehicle, another motor vehicle of the same or less weight unladen;

24

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

(6) if the vehicle is a trailer, another trailer,

and thereafter the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect as if the substituted vehicle had, and the original vehicle had not, belonged to the Commission or, as the case may be, been in the possession of the Commission under an agreement for hire or loan at the passing of this Act.

(4) Section fifty-two of the Transport Act, 1947 (which provides for restricting the use of goods vehicles more than twenty-five miles from their operating centres), shall not apply to the use of vehicles by the Commission.

(5) The provisions of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of giving to the Commission the rights referred to in those provisions of obtaining free of charge, for the five year period therein referred to, authorisations under A licences or C licences to use the goods vehicles referred to in those provisions.

(6) Vehicles specified in licences which are being used by the Commission or by any company under the direct or indirect control of the Commission to which property has been made over under the preceding provisions of this Act shall—

(a) for the purpose of any wages regulation order in force

under the Wages Councils Act, 1945, at the passing of this Act; and

(b) for the purpose of determining the workers in rela-

tion to whom the Road Haulage Wages Council referred to in section one of the Wages Councils Act. 1948, operates; and

(c) for the purposes of Part II of the Road Haulage Wages

Act, 1938,

be deemed to be vehicles not specified in any licence.

Repeal, as from 8.—(1) At the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-four,

end of 1954, section fifty-two of the Transport Act, 1947 (which provides for relating to M restricting the use of goods vehicles more than twenty-five miles twenty-five from their operating centres), any such condition in a licence as mile limit. is provided for by the said section fifty-two, and sections fifty-three and fifty-six, subsection (2) of section fifty-seven, section fifty-eight, subsections (1) and (3) to (6) of section sixty, and sections sixty-one and sixty-two of the said Act (which contain various provisions supplementary or incidental to the said section fifty-two) shall cease to have effect. 2

(2) Pending the coming into operation of subsection (1) of this section, subsections (5) and (6) of section fifty-three of the Transport Act, 1947 (which empower the Commission to revoke original permits granted to existing undertakings for the use of goods vehicles more than twenty-five miles from their operating

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

25

centres, and to substitute other permits therefor), shall not have effect, but without prejudice to the operation of subsections (3) and (4) of that section in relation to any substituted permits (within the meaning of that section) granted before the passing of this Act.

(3) Where—

(a) before the passing of this Act a notice of acquisition was

served under Part III of the Transport Act, 1947 with respect to an undertaking; and

(b) that notice has not, at the passing of this Act, been withdrawn or declared to 'be of no effect but no transfer has been effected thereunder; and

-nagay

(c) there is in force at the date of the passing of this Act a

licence authorising the use of any vehicles which, if the transfer by virtue of the notice had fallen to be made at the passing of this Act, would, by virtue of the notice, have been transferred to the Commission,

then, as from the passing of this Act, the said section fifty-two shall not apply to that licence or any licence substituted therefor so long as the following condition is fulfilled as respects that licence or, as the case may be, the licence so substituted, that is to say, that the total number of authorised vehicles, being motor vehicles, does not exceed the total number of the vehicles, being motor vehicles, mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection.

9.—(1) In subsection (2) of section six of the Road and Amendments Rail Traffic Act, 1933 (which specifies certain matters to which to licensing authorities are to have regard in exercising their dis- refu§ngtm8 °r cretion to grant or refuse applications for licences), for the words licences, "shall have regard primarily to the interests of the public generally, including those of persons requiring, as well as of those of persons providing, facilities for transport " there shall be substituted the words " shall have regard to the interests of the public generally, including primarily those of persons requiring facilities for transport and secondarily those of persons providing facilities for transport 2 *

(2) To the paragraphs of the said subsection (2) setting out the particular matters to which the licensing authority is to have regard there shall be added the following paragraph—

" (/) to the extent to which the vehicles to be authorised will further the provision of services under which goods will be carried partly by road and partly by railway or inland waterway without the need for unloading and reloading,"

26

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

and at the end of the said subsection (2) there shall be added the following paragraph—

" Where goods are contained in a receptacle which is an additional body for a goods vehicle and is constructed or adapted for the purpose of being taken on to or off the vehicle with goods contained therein, the transfer of the receptacle with goods contained therein on to or off any goods vehicle, railway wagon or vessel shall not be treated for the purposes of paragraph (/) of this subsection as an unloading or reloading of those goods."

(3) Where, under subsection (2) of section eleven of the said Act, the licensing authority takes into consideration any objection to an application for the grant or variation of a licence—

(a) the onus of proof that there are such grounds for the

objection as are specified in that subsection shall lie on the objector; and

(b) in considering whether existing transport facilities are

to be treated as suitable, the licensing authority shall have regard to the relative efficiency, reliability and adequacy of the existing facilities at the date of the application and the facilities which the applicant will provide if his application is granted, and to all other relevant considerations, including, to such extent as may in all the circumstances appear proper, the charges made and to be made in respect of those facilities respectively. 4

(4) There shall be included among the grounds on which an A licence or a B licence may be suspended or revoked under subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, or a direction may be given under subsection (3) of that section, the following additional ground, that is to say, that the holder of the licence made or procured to be made for the purposes of his application for the licence, or for the purposes of an application for any such variation thereof as is mentioned in subsection (3) of section eleven of that Act, any statement of fact made after the passing of this Act which (whether to his knowledge or not) was false or any statement of intention or expectation made after the passing of this Act which has not been fulfilled.

The proviso to subsection (1) of the said section thirteen (which imposes certain conditions on the powers of the licensing authority to revoke or suspend a licence) shall not apply to any revocation, suspension or direction made or given by virtue of this subsection, but, if the holder of the licence requests the licensing authority to hold a public inquiry, the licensing authority shall not make or give any such revocation, suspension or direction except after holding such an inquiry.

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

27

10. Any right which the Commission or any company under Abrogation the direct or indirect control of the Commission has at the passing

of this Act by virtue of any covenant or agreement theretofore ^dcomJSnies entered into in connection with the sale of an undertaking or a controlled by part of an undertaking or of shares in a company to restrain any them under other person from carrying on or taking part in carrying on covenants etc. business consisting wholly or partly in the carriage of goods by on

road in Great Britain or in any part of Great Britain shall, on road haulage the passing of this Act, cease to be exercisable. business.

11. —<1) The power of the Minister under section twenty-five of Supplemental the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, to make regulations for the to°Dre^Li^ purpose of carrying Part I of that Act into effect shall extend sections. 4 * * * 8 to the making of regulations for the purpose of carrying into

effect the preceding provisions of this Act, including die provisions of the First Schedule to this Act, and accordingly references in that section to Part I of that Act shall be construed as including references to the said provisions.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1) of this section, such regulations as are therein referred to may make provision as to the means by which vehicles to which any of the provisions of this Act referred to in the said subsection (1) apply are to be identified, whether by plates, marks or otherwise, and the references in section thirty-four of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, to documents, plates or marks by which a vehicle is to be identified as being an authorised vehicle shall be deemed to include references to documents, plates or marks by which a vehicle is to be identified as being one to which any of the said provisions apply.

(3) The Commission shall furnish to the Board from time to time such reports and information as may in the opinion of the Commission be of assistance to the Board in the discharge of their functions or as the Board may require them to furnish to the Board for that purpose.

(4) If it appears to the Minister that, having regard to the stage

reached in the disposal of the property held by the Commission

for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking, it is

expedient so to do, he may by order provide for abolishing the Board and winding up their affairs, and for transferring to the Minister any functions of the Board so far as they remain to be exercised or performed.

The power conferred by this subsection to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and no order shall be made by the Minister under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

The Transport Levy and the Transport Fund

transport 12.—(i) Subject to the provisions of this section and to the

provisions of section fifteen of this Act, in the case of the Vehicles described in the first column of the Tables in Parts I and III of the Second Schedule to this Act, being vehicles which are used on public roads in Great Britain on or after the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, a charge, in this Act referred to as " the transport levy ", shall be made in accordance with the subsequent provisions of this section for the benefit of the Transport Fund established under the next following section.

(2) The transport levy shall be charged for the periods covered by the licences taken out in respect of the vehicle in question under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, and the amount charged by way of the levy for any such period shall be the amount by which the excise duty payable upon that licence would be increased if the annual amount of that duty were increased by the amount arrived at by multiplying the unit charge, as defined in subsection (3) of this section, by the appropriate multiplier, as defined in subsection (4) thereof.

(3) The amount referred to in this section as "the unit charge

(a) shall, until the end of the year nineteen hundred and

fifty-five, be thirteen shillings and sixpence;

(b) subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of section

fifteen of this Act, shall, for each period of three years following the end of that year, be such sum as may be fixed in relation to that period by an order of the Minister made under this subsection before the beginning of that period or, if no sum is so fixed, the sum which was the unit charge immediately before the beginning of that period,

and the Minister shall exercise his powers under this subsection in respect of each period with a view to securing that, as nearly as conveniently may be, the said Transport Fund will, over that period, be sufficient and not more than sufficient to meet the payments falling to be made therefrom.

The power conferred on the Minister by this subsection to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and no order shall be made by the Minister under this subsection unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament. 4

(4) The number referred to in this section as " the appropriate multiplier " is the number arrived at under the second column of the Table in Part I, or, as the case may be, the fourth and fifth columns of the Table in Part III, of the Second Schedule to

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

29

this Act by reference to the weight unladen of the vehicle, plus, in the case of a vehicle of the description specified in the first column of the Table in Part I of that Schedule which is used for drawing a trailer, that one of the numbers in the third column of the Table in Part II of that Schedule which is appropriate having regard to the weight unladen of that vehicle.

(5) Sections eight, nine, eleven to fifteen and twenty-one to twenty-five of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949 (which contain provisions as to the collection of the excise duties under that Act and as to other connected matters), shall have effect as if the transport levy payable in the case of a vehicle for any period were part of the duty payable under that Act in respect of that vehicle for that period:

Provided that—

(a) the transport levy paid to a council in respect of any

vehicle shall be paid by it to the Minister in accordance with such directions as may be contained in any Order in Council made under the said section eight instead of being paid into the Exchequer; and

(b) the power conferred by the said section twenty-five to

make regulations for the purpose of carrying that Act into effect shall include power to make regulations for the purpose of carrying this section into effect

Any increase attributable to this subsection in the sums which, under section twenty-four of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, fall to be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be paid out of moneys so provided.

(6) In the case of each Government Department other than the Admiralty, the War Department and the Air Ministry, there shall be paid to the Minister for each year out of moneys provided by Parliament such sum, if any, as the Minister may estimate to be the total amount, or, as the case may be, the total additional amount, which would have been payable by way of the transport levy in respect of vehicles used for the purposes of that Department in that year if the excise duties under the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, had been chargeable in respect of Crown vehicles.

In this subsection "Government Department" means a Department or body the salaries or expenses of which are the subject of a payment from moneys provided by Parliament, not being a payment by way of grant in aid.

(7) In this section, " public road " has the same meaning as in the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, and subsections (4) and (5) of section five of that Act (which relate to super-imposed vehicles and the meaning of the word "trailer ") and section twenty-six of that Act (which relates to the computation of the unladen

30

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Establishment of Transport Fund.

weight of vehicles and other matters) shall apply for the determination of the transport levy payable in respect of a vehicle as they apply for the determination of the excise duty payable in respect thereof.

13.—(1) There shall be established, a fund under the control and management of the Minister, to be known as " the Transport Fund/’ into which all sums paid to the Minister under the last preceding section either by councils or out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be paid, and out of which there shall be made the payments provided for by the other provisions of this Act (and in particular by the next following section) and payments to the Commission equal to so much of the payments falling to be made by the Commission under the provisions of this Act relating to compensation to officers and servants as is ascribable to the duties imposed by this Act on the Commission as to the disposal of the property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking.

(2) If it appears to the Minister that the Transport Fund will be insufficient for the time being to meet the payments falling to be made therefrom, he may, within the period of twelve months following the passing of this Act, pay into the Fund, out of moneys provided by Parliament, sums not exceeding in all fifty thousand pounds, but sums equal to the sums so paid into the Fund shall, as soon as the resources of the Fund are sufficient for the purpose, be paid out of the Fund into the Exchequer.

(3) If at any time the Transport Fund is insufficient to make all the payments which have become due to be paid therefrom, the payments shall be made as soon as the Fund becomes sufficient for the purpose, and, as between such payments, priority shall be given, first, to the salaries, allowances and expenses of the Board, next, to the payments into the Exchequer required by subsection (2) of this section, next, to payments of interest, and next to payments to the Commission in respect of compensation paid by them to officers and servants.

(4) Any sums standing to the credit of the Transport Fund which are not for the time being required for the purpose of making payments out of the Fund may be invested by the Minister in such securities as may be approved by the Treasury, and any income arising therefrom shall be paid into the Fund.

(5) The Minister shall, as respects each year during which the Transport Fund is in existence, prepare, in such form and manner as the Treasury may direct, an account of all sums paid into or out of the Fund, and each such account shall, on or before the first day of July next following the expiration of the year to which it relates, be transmitted to the Comptroller and

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

31

Auditor General, who shall examine and certify the account and lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before each House of Parliament.

In this subsection " year " means a period of twelve months beginning with the first day of January.

14.—(1) An amount equal to—

(a) the road haulage capital loss as defined in the Third Schedule to this Act; plus

(b) one million pounds (for the loss from disturbance suffered by die Commission while the assets of the existing road haulage undertaking are being disposed of),

shall be paid out of the Transport Fund to the Commission by such instalments as are hereinafter mentioned, that is to say— <i) the first instalment shall be paid on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, and the subsequent instalments shall be paid on the first day of January in each subsequent year until the whole amount is paid; and (ii) subject as hereinafter provided, the instalments shall be equal instalments paid over such period as may be determined by the Minister:

Payments to Commission out of Transport Fund for loss on disposal of road haulage undertaking.

Provided that the Minister shall, not later than the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, make a provisional estimate of the total amount falling to be paid as aforesaid and a provisional determination of the said period, and shall from time to time revise that estimate, and, if he thinks that the variations in his estimates warrant that course, also that determination, and—

(i) the instalments from time to time payable shall be cal-

culated and paid by reference to the latest estimate and determination for the time being; and

(ii) if, on a revision of the estimate or the determination, it appears that too little or too much has been paid, the subsequent instalments shall be adjusted as the Minister may direct in order to make good the excess or deficiency.

(2) The Minister—

(a) in making or revising any such estimate as aforesaid.

shall, as respects the road haulage capital loss, consult the auditor or auditors of the Commission who shall furnish him with such information and certificates as he may require;

(b) in determining the period over which the instalments are to be paid and in revising any determination thereof, shall act with the approval of the Treasury.

32

CH. 13

Transport Act, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Cessation of transport levy and winding up of Transport Fund.

(3) If at any time the Transport Fund is for the time being more than sufficient to make all the payments which have become due to be paid therefrom, such sum, if any, as the Minister may direct shall be paid therefrom to the Commission, and, where any payment is made under this subsection, the total amount falling to be paid under subsection (1) of this section shall be deemed to be reduced by the amount of the payment and the said total amount shall be estimated or re-estimated accordingly.

A direction may be given under this subsection either before or after the payment of the first instalment under subsection (1) of this section but not later than the payment of the final instalment thereunder, and, where the direction is given after any estimate has been made under the proviso to that subsection, the amount directed to be paid shall not exceed the total amount of the instalments remaining to be paid, calculated by reference to the latest such estimate.

(4) Interest at such rates as may from time to time >be fixed by directions of the Treasury shall be paid out of the Transport Fund to the Commission at such times as the Minister may direct on so much of the amount required to be paid therefrom by subsection (1) of this section as is due and remains unpaid and, for the purposes of this subsection—

(a) the whole of the said amount shall be deemed to have

become due at the end of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four; and

(b) the proviso to the said subsection (1) shall, with any

necessary adaptations, apply in relation to the payments of interest as it applies in relation to the instalments.

The rate fixed by any direction of the Treasury under this subsection shall be such as would in the opinion of the Treasury be appropriate for securities the principal of which and the interest on which was charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof, being securities issued at par at the time when the direction was given and redeemable twenty years after their issue.

15.—(1) If, in the last year of any of the periods of three years referred to in paragraph (b) of subsection (3) of section twelve of this Act, it appears to the Minister that, if the transport levy ceases to be charged at the end of that period, the Transport Fund will be sufficient to meet all the payments falling to be made there&om, he shall by order provide that the transport levy shall not be charged in respect of the use of any vehicle after the end of that period.

(2) If, in the last year of any of the said periods, it appears to the Minister that the amounts required to make the Transport

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

Fund sufficient to meet all the payments falling to be made therefrom can be provided if the transport levy ceases to be charged at the end of the first, or at the end of the second, of the years comprised in the next following such period, he may by order provide that the transport levy shall not be charged in respect of the use of any vehicle after the end of the first, or, as the case may be, the second, of the said years and shall by that order fix the sum which is to be treated as the unit charge for that year or, as the case may be, for those years.

(3) Where the Minister makes an order under subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section, he may by the same or a subsequent order direct that the Transport Fund shall be wound upon such date as may be specified in die order, and, if such an order is made, the assets of the Fund at that date shall be made over to the Commission in full satisfaction of any payments which otherwise would have fallen to be made therefrom to the Commission after that date.

(4) In considering for the purposes of this section whether or not the Transport Fund will be sufficient to meet the payments falling to be made therefrom, the Minister—

(a) may ignore an insufficiency less than the estimated net

produce of the transport levy for one year with a unit charge of sixpence;

(b) may place a capital value on the liability of the Fund

to the Commission for payments in respect of compensation to officers and servants by way of periodical payments.

(5) The powers conferred on the Minister by this section to . make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and no order making any such provision as is mentioned in subsection (1) or subsection (2) of this section shall be made by the Minister unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

Re-organisation of Railways

16.—(1) Within twelve months from the passing of this Act Re* or such longer period as the Minister may allow, the Commis- organisation sion shall prepare and submit to the Minister a scheme for the of rai ways* reorganisation of that part of their undertaking which consists in the operation of the railways.

(2) The said scheme shall provide—

(a) for the abolition (if it has not already been abolished)

of the Railway Executive; and

(b) for the setting up, for such areas as may be specified

by or under the scheme, of such authorities as may be so specified; and

B

34

Ch. 13

Transport Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(c) for the delegation to those authorities of such functions

of the Commission relating to that part of their undertaking as may be so specified in relation to those authorities respectively; and

() for the compilation and publication as respects each of

those areas of such statements of operating costs and such statistics as may be so specified.

(3) The said scheme may provide—

(a) for the setting up of other authorities and for the dele-

gation to them of such functions of the Commission relating to that part of their undertaking as may be specified by or under the scheme, being functions which appear to the Commission or to the Minister to be unsuitable for delegation to an authority set up for a particular area;

(b) for the setting up for the purpose—

(i) of co-ordinating the exercise and performance of their functions by all or any of the authorities set up under the scheme, whether for areas or otherwise; and

(ii) of making provision for matters of common interest to all or any of those authorities,

of coordinating authorities.

(4) The said scheme may provide for regulating—

(a) the relations of the authorities set up under the scheme

with each other;

(b) the relations of those authorities with the Commission; and

(c) the relations of those authorities with persons other than

the Commission,

and for giving to the Commission such powers of control over those authorities as may be specified by or under the scheme.

(5) The authorities to be set up under the scheme may be individuals or bodies of persons, whether corporate or unincorporated, and the scheme may provide for the incorporation of any of those authorities.

(6) The scheme may—

(a) entrust to any authority set up under the scheme, or otherwise deal with, functions of the Commission not concerned or directly concerned with the operation of the railways if it appears to the Commission or to the Minister to be necessary or expedient that those matters should be entrusted to those authorities or so dealt with by the scheme;

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

35

(b) authorise any such authority set up for an area to operate, as respects particular matters specified by or under the scheme, outside its own area either concurrently with, or to the exclusion of, any authority within die area of which the operation takes place;

(c) contain such incidental, consequential and transitional provisions as may appear as aforesaid to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the scheme, including provisions amending or applying, with or without modifications, any statutory provision.

(7) Nothing in the preceding provisions of this section shall be taken to require that all functions of the Commission relating to the operation of the railways shall be entrusted to authorities set up under the scheme or as requiring that all functions of the Commission relating to the operation of the railways shall be dealt with in the scheme, and, in particular, the scheme shall be such as will, in the opinion of the Commission or of the Minister, reserve to the Commission general financial control and general control of the charges to be made for the services and facilities provided.

(8) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (7) of this section, the scheme under this section need not deal with all or any of the railways the operation of which forms part of the passenger transport services provided at the passing of this Act by the London Transport Executive.

(9) In relation to Scotland, for the requirement in paragraph

(b) of subsection (2) of this section there shall be substituted a

requirement that the scheme shall provide for an authority for the whole of Scotland (with or without authorities for areas in Scotland) and, in relation to the authority for the whole of Scotland, references to Scotland shall, in the provisions of this section subsequent to the said paragraph ib), be substituted for the references to the areas of the authorities set up under the said subsection (2).

17.—(1) On any scheme being submitted to the Minister Approval and under the last preceding section, the Minister shall consider the amendment of scheme and shall consult with such bodies representative of ^j^J-saniMtion classes of persons likely to be specially affected by the scheme scncmes* as he may think fit and with the National Coal Board and may then, if he thinks fit, by order approve the scheme, either without modification or with such modifications as he may, after consultation with the Commission, think fit, and the scheme, as so approved, shall come into effect as from such date as may be specified therein.

(2) Any scheme approved as aforesaid may be amended or revoked by a subsequent scheme prepared and submitted by the Commission, and the preceding provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to any such subsequent scheme.

36

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Fjjz. 2

(3) Any scheme approved as aforesaid may also be amended or revoked by an order of the Minister made after consultation with the Commission, with such bodies representative of classes of persons likely to be specially affected by the order as he may think fit and with the National Coal Board.

(4) The references in subsections (2) and (3) of this section to the amendment of a scheme include references to the revocation thereof and the substitution of a new scheme, and any scheme so substituted shall be deemed to be a scheme under the last preceding section.

(5) The power conferred by this section on the Minister to make orders shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and no order shall be made by the Minister under this section unless a draft of the order has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament

(6) Before exercising his powers under this section in any case affecting Scotland, the Minister shall consult the Secretary of State for Scotland.

Road passenger transport, trade harbours and port facilities Repeals and 18.—(1) Sections sixty-three and sixty-four of the Transport

iSKtingitoSie 1947 (which relate to area schemes as to passenger road Commission's transport services), are hereby repealed.

Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, passenger * ° sections seventy-two to seventy-six of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 transport. (which relate to road service licences), shall apply to passenger road transport services provided by the Commission as they apply to passenger road transport services provided by other persons, and subsections (1), (3) and (4) of section sixty-five of the Transport Act, 1947 (which exempt services of the Commission from the said sections seventy-two to seventy-six and impose and confer on the Commission certain functions in respect of road passenger transport services provided by them), shall cease to have effect:

Provided that—

(a) any passenger road transport service which is being provided by the Commission at the passing of this Act shall be exempt from the operation of the preceding provisions of this subsection for three months from the passing of this Act and, if within the said three months an application for the grant of the necessary road service licence is duly made to the licensing authority for public service vehicles, until that application and any application for any necessary backing of the licence have been determined by the licensing authority or authorities concerned;

19 53

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

37

(6) any enactment in force at the end of the year nineteen hundred and forty-seven which authorised any of the bodies mentioned in the Third Schedule to the Transport Act, 1947, to construct and maintain shelters, buildings or barriers shall have the same effect in relation to the Commission as it would have if subsection (4) of the said section sixty-five had not been enacted.

(3) Subject to the provisions of subsection (4) of this section, it shall not be lawful for the Commission to run any public service vehicle as a contract carriage:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply—

(a) so as to prevent the use of any public service vehicle as

a contract carriage to carry a pleasure party consisting of persons employed by the Commission, with or without their families or friends, or to carry any party on any journey which begins or ends within the city of Sheffield, the county borough of Halifax, the county borough of Huddersfield or the borough of Todmorden; or

(b) so as to prevent, up till the end of September, nineteen

hundred and fifty-three, the use of any public service vehicle as a contract carriage for the purpose of performing any contract entered into by the Commission before the passing of this Act.

(4) The following provisions (being an adaptation of provisions contained in section fifteen of the London Passenger Transport Act, 1933, which, until the coming into force of the Transport Act, 1947, applied to the London Passenger Transport Board) shall apply to the Commission—

(a) it shall be lawful for the Commission to run any public

service vehicle as a contract carriage on roads within the London Passenger Transport Area and roads outside that area within a radius of ten miles, or, in the County of Kent, five miles, from any point on the boundary of that area;

(b) sections seventy-two to seventy-six of the Road Traffic

Act, 1930, shall not apply to a road service provided by the Commission wholly within the London special area, and, in the case of a road service provided by the Commission partly within and partly without the London special area, shall not apply to that service in so far as it is within the London special area;

(c) the licensing authority for public service vehicles, in

considering whether they will grant or back a road service licence to the Commission in respect of any route or part of a route which is outside the London

38

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

special area but within the London Passenger Transport area, shall, in addition to the matters to which they are required to have regard by virtue of section seventy-two of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, have regard to the duty of the Commission to provide or secure the provision of an adequate and properly co-ordinated system of passenger transport for the London Passenger Transport Area,

and for the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that subsection (2) of section twenty-six of the London Passenger Transport Act, 1933 (which relates to charges and fores), has effect, in the case of a public service vehicle operating wholly or in part outside the London special area, subject, as respects any part of the service outside that area, to the provisions of section seventy-two of the Road Traffic Act, 1930.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section two of the Transport Act, 1947—

(a) the Commission shall not have power to acquire (whether absolutely or for any period) the whole or any part of any undertaking of any other person if the activities of that undertaking, or that part thereof, as the case may be, consist wholly or mainly in the provision of passenger road transport services;

(b) except with the consent of the Minister, the Commission shall not acquire or cause or permit any body corporate directly or indirectly controlled by them to acquire any securities if the acquisition thereof would bring under the direct or indirect control of the Commission a body corporate which is carrying on or is about to carry on an undertaking the activities of which consist wholly or mainly in the provision of passenger road transport services.

(6) Where—

(a) the Commission directly or indirectly control a body

corporate which is carrying on or is about to carry on an undertaking the activities whereof consist wholly or mainly in the provision of passenger road transport services; and

(b) as a result of the Commission or any body corporate directly or indirectly controlled by the Commission disposing of any securities the Commission would no longer control the first-mentioned body corporate, whether directly or indirectly,

then, without prejudice to any other power of the Minister to give directions to the Commission, the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, direct the Commission to dispose or.

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

as the case may be, to cause the second-mentioned body cor* porate to dispose of those securities at such times and in such manner as may be specified in the direction, and it shall be the duty of the Commission to comply with that direction:

Provided that the securities required to be disposed of shall not be more than is necessary to divest the Commission of control of the first-mentioned body corporate.

(7) The Commission shall not, without the permission of the Minister, cause or permit the voluntary liquidation of any body corporate directly or indirectly under their control which is carrying on an undertaking the activities whereof consist wholly or mainly in the provision of passenger road transport services.

(8) Passenger road transport services provided by any body corporate which is directly or indirectly controlled by the Commission shall be deemed for the purposes of section six of the Transport Act, 1947 (which relates to Consultative Committees), to be provided by the Commission.

19.—(1) Sections sixty-six to sixty-eight of the Transport Act, Trade 1947 (which relate to schemes as to trade harbours), are hereby harbours

"P-W-

(2) The Commission shall not, after the passing of this Act, provide port facilities in any place unless either—

(a) they were, on the first day of July, nineteen hundred

and fifty-two, providing port facilities in that place; or

(b) they had, on the said first day of July, power, otherwise than by reason only of section two of the Transport Act, 1947, to provide port facilities in that place.

Charges, etc.

20.—(1) The charges made by the Commission which are to be Amendments determined by or under charges schemes under Part V of the Mtochaiges Transport Act, 1947, shall be the following and no other charges,8Chemeg* that is to say—

ia) charges for the carriage of merchandise or passengers by railway;

(b) railway tolls, that is to say, charges for the use of the

railways of the Commission by traffic drawn by engines not belonging to the Commission;

(c) tolls for the use of inland waterways;

() charges for port facilities;

(e) charges for the carriage of passengers by road on routes

wholly or partly within the London special area, not being carriage in contract carriages; and

40

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

(/) such other charges, if any, as, by reason of their connection with any of the charges aforesaid, ought properly to be dealt with by a charges scheme, and, without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this subsection, the duty imposed by section seventy-six of that Act on the Commission to prepare and submit drafts of charges schemes shall be limited accordingly:

Provided that no fares for any service or part of a service which is the subject of a road service licence shall be made the subject of any charges scheme after the passing of this Act, and any fares which are the subject of a charges scheme in force at the passing of this Act shall cease to be subject thereto on the service or part of the service to which they relate becoming the subject of a road service licence.

(2) Every charges scheme shall, as respects the services and facilities to which it relates, comply with the following requirements, that is to say—

(a) it shall not provide for fixed charges or standard

charges;

(b) it shall fix maximum charges except in cases where it appears not to be reasonably practicable or to be undesirable so to do;

(c) in cases in which no maximum charge is fixed it shall

authorise the Commission to make such charges as may be reasonable and provide for any questions as to the reasonableness of any such charge being determined on the application either of the Commission or of the person liable to the charge by the Transport Tribunal, to the exclusion of any other court;

() it shall, save as aforesaid, and subject to the provisions of this Act, secure that the charges to be made are left to the Commission’s discretion and that no conditions or limitations are imposed on that discretion;

(e) it shall secure that the Commission have to publish the

maximum charges but do not have to publish any other charges; and

(f) the provision which it makes for through charges shall

be such as may be appropriate having regard to the preceding paragraphs of this subsection; and section seventy-seven of the Transport Act, 1947, shall, as respects charges, be limited accordingly.

This subsection shall not invalidate any charges scheme confirmed before the passing of this Act, but any scheme amending a scheme so confirmed, being an amending scheme confirmed after the passing of this Act, shall comply with the provisions of this section.

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

41

(3) Rules made by the Transport Tribunal under section twenty-two of the Railways Act, 1921, may—

(a) authorise or provide for authorising the Commission,

on such terms, if any, as may be specified by or under the rules—

(i) to submit provisional proposals as respects any of the matters which will fall to be dealt with under a charges scheme which they are in the course of preparing and, in particular, proposals as respects the classification of merchandise, or the terms and conditions applicable to the services and facilities which will fall to be dealt with under the scheme;

(ii) to submit to the Tribunal a request for guidance on such questions of principle affecting a charges scheme which they are in the course of preparing as may be specified in the request;

(b) provide for the publication of any proposals or requests

so submitted, for the making of objections and representations and the holding of inquiries with respect thereto and for the provisional or final decision by the Tribunal of all or any of the matters or questions referred to or specified therein;

(c) prohibit, to such extent as may be specified by or under

the rules, objections and other representations being made with respect to the scheme on grounds on which objections and other representations were or might have been made with respect to the proposals or request.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the power of the Transport Tribunal to alter a charges scheme (whether at the time of the confirmation thereof or subsequently under section seventy-nine or section eighty of the Transport Act, 1947) includes power so to alter the scheme that it extends to charges to which it would not otherwise extend or does not extend to charges to which it would otherwise extend.

(5) At the end of section eighty-one of the Transport Act, 1947 (which gives a locus standi to certain local authorities as regards charges schemes) there shall be inserted the following paragraph—

" In this section * local authority * includes the council of any non-county borough, metropolitan borough or urban district having in any case a population of not less than fifty thousand according to the last census for the time being."

(6) The reference in this section to charges for the carriage of merchandise by railway does not include a reference to collection

B*

42

Ch. 13

Transport Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Exclusion of

certain

enactments.

and delivery charges, but nothing in this subsection shall prevent collection and delivery charges being dealt with under paragraph (/) of subsection (1) of this section.

(7) The reference in this section to tolls for the use of inland waterways includes a reference to wharfage charges made in connection with the use of inland waterways but does not include a reference to charges for carriage by inland waterway,

(8) It is hereby declared that the discretion which, under paragraph () of subsection (2) of this section, is to be secured to the Commission includes a discretion to exceed any charge continued, with or without adjustment, by an order made under subsection (2) of section thirty-four of the Railways Act, 1921, but where the Commission make a charge exceeding any charge so continued, any person who would have been entitled to the benefit of the charge so continued may complain to the Transport Tribunal, and the Tribunal shall make such order as to the charges to be made by the Commission in the cases to which the charge so continued would have applied as may appear to the Tribunal to be reasonable.

21.—(1) The following enactments, that is to say—

(a) the enactments relating to equality of charges, that is to say, section seventy-four of the Transport Act, 1947, the enactments referred to in that section, and section sixteen of the Regulation of Railways Act, 1868; and

(b) so much of section two of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854, or any statutory provision passed or made with respect to any particular undertaking, as prohibits undue preference; and

(c) section thirty-seven (except subsection (13) thereof) and

section thirty-eight of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933 (which relate to agreed charges); and

() sections fourteen and fifteen of the Regulation of Rail-

ways Act, 1873, sections thirty-three and thirty-four of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, and subsection (5) of section fifty-four of the Railways Act, 1921 (which relate to charges made for the carriage of merchandise by inland waterway and to the publication of charges for such carriage and for the carriage of merchandise by sea), or any corresponding statutory provision passed or made with respect to a particular undertaking,

shall not apply to any charges made by the Commission, or, so far as the enactments mentioned in paragraph ( ) of this subsection are concerned, to any act or omission of the Commission,

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

43

(2) Section thirty-nine of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and section thirty-nine of the Railways Act, 1921 (which contain provisions for the protection of coastwise shipping and the interests of canals), shall have effect in relation to charges made by the Commission subject to the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, being provisions which amongst other things—

(a) apply section thirty-nine of the Road and Rail Traffic

Act, 1933, to all charges made or proposed to be made by the Commission for the carriage of merchandise by railway other than standard charges and maximum charges, extend it so that it applies with modifications to harbour authorities as well as to coastwise shipping and provide for an expedited procedure under it in certain cases;

(b) apply section thirty-nine of the Railways Act, 1921,

to all charges made or proposed to be made by the Commission for the carriage of merchandise by railway other than standard charges and maximum charges and extend it so that it applies to canal carriers as well as to canals,

and section thirty of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888 (which contains provisions for the protection of harbour authorities), shall not apply to any charges made by the Commission or to any other act or omission of the Commission.

(3) As soon as a charges scheme comes into force with respect to charges for the carriage of merchandise by railway, the provisions of Part III of the Railways Act, 1921 (except sections twenty to twenty-six, thirty-nine and fifty-six), shall not apply to the Commission or to any charges made by the Commission.

(4) Notwithstanding the exclusion by subsection (1) of this section of section thirty-seven of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, the Commission may, if they think fit, make such charge or charges for the carriage of the merchandise of any trader, or for the carriage of any part of his merchandise, as may be agreed by the Commission and that trader, and effect shall be given to any such agreement notwithstanding that the effect thereof in certain instances may be that the charge falling to be made thereunder will exceed the relevant maximum or standard charge:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect subject to the provisions of section thirty-nine of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, section thirty-nine of the Railways Act, 1921, and the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

B* 2

44

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Notwithstanding anything in section fifty-seven of the Railways Act, 1921, the charges provided for by any agreement made under this subsection shall not be deemed to be exceptional charges within the meaning of Part III of that Act, and the expression (exceptional rates' in the said Part III shall be construed accordingly.

(5) Any agreement made under the said section thirty-seven shall not be affected by the fact that all or any of the charges to which it relates have ceased to be subject to the said section thirty-seven, but shall, as respects those charges, be deemed to be made under the last preceding subsection.

(6) So much of any statutory provision passed or made with respect to any particular undertaking as limits the discretion of the persons carrying on that undertaking as to the charges to be made by them for carriage by water (whether by specifying, or providing for specifying, the charges to be made, or fixing, or providing for fixing, maximum charges, or otherwise) shall not apply to the charges of the Commission.

(7) In this section, "trader" means a person sending or receiving or desiring to send or receive merchandise by railway.

Protection of 22.—(1) Any person desiring to send merchandise by railway

*n circumstances in which that merchandise cannot reasonably or unfair he carried by any other means of transport who is of opinion treatment as that the charge which he is or will be required to pay in respect

to charges. of the carriage by railway of that merchandise in those circum-

stances is unreasonable or unfair may complain to the Transport Tribunal.

(2) On any such complaint, the Transport Tribunal shall hear the complainant and the Commission and shall first satisfy themselves that, in the circumstances in which it is to be carried, the merchandise cannot reasonably be carried by any means of transport other than railway.

(3) If the Transport Tribunal are so satisfied, they may, on the application of the complainant, by order require the Commission to disclose to the complainant any charges which are being made by the Commission for the carriage by railway of such merchandise as may be specified in the order between such places as may be so specified, being the carriage of the same or similar merchandise in the same or similar circumstances.

(4) If the Transport Tribunal are so satisfied as aforesaid and either—

(a) no order has been made by them under subsection (3) of this section; or

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

45

(b) such an order has been made and the complainant, within one mouth of the date upon which the Commission complies with that order, gives notice to the Tribunal that he has not withdrawn his complaint,

the Tribunal shall consider whether or not the charge complained of is unreasonable or unfair.

(5) If on any such consideration as aforesaid the Transport Tribunal are not satisfied by the Commission that the charge complained of is in all the circumstances fair and reasonable, they may make such order in the matter as they consider just.

23.—(1) If it appears to the Commission that the following Special

conditions are fulfilled, that is to say— procedure for

temporary

(a) that there has been or will be an increase in their costs authorisation

which will, unless met quickly by an increase in their of increased charges, seriously affect their financial position; and char8es*

(b) that the necessary increase of their revenue cannot

reasonably be obtained without making charges greater than those authorised by the charges schemes for the time being in force,

they may take either or both of the following courses, that is to say—

(i) they may apply to the Transport Tribunal under this

subsection for temporary amendments of all or any of the schemes (being schemes devoted exclusively or principally to determining the charges to be made for the carriage of passengers) so as to increase all or any of the charges authorised by the schemes;

(ii) they may, by notice published in the London and Edin-

burgh Gazettes and in such other manner as may appear to them best adapted for informing persons affected, declare that all or any of the maximum charges fixed by any of the charges schemes (not being such charges schemes as aforesaid) are to be treated, as from a date specified in the notice, as increased by such percentages as may be so specified in relation to those maximum charges respectively;

and where such a notice is published, the schemes shall until such date as may be fixed under subsection (6) of this section be deemed to be amended accordingly:

‘Provided that the increase made in any one maximum charge by a notice published under this subsection or, where more than one notice so published is in force at the same time, by all the notices so in force taken together, shall not exceed ten per cent.

Ch. 13

transport , 1953

1 &2Euz.2

(2) Where an application is made to the Transport Tribunal under subsection (1) of this section, they shall consider it as quickly as may be, ex parte, in private and without any publication of the application, and if, after hearing the Commission, they are satisfied that the conditions specified in subsection (1) .of this section are fulfilled, they shall by order make such amendments of the schemes or any of them as they think necessary:

Provided that the Tribunal, on any such application—

(a) shall not, in relation to any scheme, make any order

which will, in their opinion, either alone or together with any other order under this subsection which is still in force and affects that scheme, result in as increase of more than ten per cent, in the revenue of the Commission from the charges to which that scheme relates;

(b) shall not make any order which in their opinion will result in the revenue of the Commission from passenger transport services provided for the purposes of so much of their undertaking as is at the passing of this Act being carried on through the London Transport Executive being increased by more than so much of the increase in the costs of the Commission which was the occasion of the application as is properly apportionable to the provision of such services.

(3) Any order under subsection (2) of this section—

(a) shall come into force on such date as may be specified

in the order; and

(b) shall continue in force until such date as may be fixed

under subsection (6) of this section.

(4) Where the Transport Tribunal make an order under subsection (2) of this section, the Commission shall forthwith publish the order in such manner as the Tribunal may direct.

(5) Where the Transport Tribunal make an order under subsection (2) of this section or the Commission publish a notice under subsection (1) of this section, the Commission shall, within one month or such longer period as the Minister may allow, apply to the Tribunal under section seventy-nine of the Transport Act, 1947, for the alteration of all or any of the charges schemes in force, and the proviso to subsection (1) of the said section seventy-nine (which prevents the Transport Tribunal from entertaining applications under that section unless certain conditions are complied with) shall not apply to any application made in pursuance of this subsection.

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

47

(6) When the Transport Tribunal determine any application made in pursuance of subsection (5) of this section, they shall by order fix a date for the termination of the operation of the relevant order made by them under subsection (2) of this section or, as the case may be, of the relevant notice under subsection (1) of this section.

(7) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared—

(a) that the schemes sought to be altered by an application

made in pursuance of subsection (5) of this section may be different from the schemes amended by the relevant order under subsection (2) of this section or deemed to be amended by the relevant notice under subsection (1) of this section; and

(b) that the alterations sought for by such an application

may be different from the amendments made by the relevant order under the said subsection (2) or deemed to be made by the relevant notice under the said subsection (1).

24.—(1) The charges to be made in default of agreement Amendments between the Commission or railway company concerned and the Secretary of State, Admiralty or police authority for any 5*

conveyance provided in pursuance of section six of the Cheap *

Trains Act, 1883, shall be charges at such rates as may from time to time be determined by die Transport Tribunal on the application of the Commission or railway company concerned or of the Secretary of State, Admiralty or police authority, and paragraphs (ii) to (v) of subsection (1) of that section (except so much of paragraph (iii) thereof as applies that section to wives, widows and children) shall cease to have effect.

(2) Any increase in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament which is attributable to the amendment of the said section six effected by this section shall be paid out of moneys so provided.

(3) This section shall come into force on the appointed day.

Amendments as to general duty and constitution of

Commission, etc.

25.—(1> For subsections (1) to (3) of section three of the Amendments Transport Act, 1947 (which relates to the general duty of the *s to general Commission), there shall be substituted the following subsection— JoMtftution of " (1) It shall be the general duty of the Commission, in the Commission, exercise of their powers under this Act— etc*

(a) to provide railway services for Great Britain;

48

Ch. 13

Transport Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ. 2

(b) to provide or secure the provision of an adequate and properly co-ordinated system of passenger transport for the London Passenger Transport Area;

(c) to provide, in such places and to such extent as may appear to the Commission to be expedient, other transport services;

(d) to provide, in such places and to such extent as may appear to the Commission to 'be expedient, facilities for traffic on inland waterways; and

(e) to provide, to such extent as may appear to the Commission to be expedient, port facilities in such places as may appear to them to be expedient, being places in which they were providing port facilities on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, or had, on the said first day of July, power otherwise than by reason only of section two of this Act to provide port facilities,

due regard being had, as respects all the services and facilities mentioned in this subsection, to efficiency, economy and safety of operation and to the needs of the public, agriculture, commerce and industry."

(2) The following provisions shall have effect as respects the membership of the Commission—

(a) the maximum number of members of the Commission other than the chairman shall, instead of being eight, be fourteen, of whom at least two shall be persons appointed after consultation with the Secretary of State for Scotland as being persons likely to be conversant with the circumstances and special requirements of Scotland;

(b) in exercising the powers exercisable by him under or by virtue of section one of the Transport Act, 1947, the Minister shall have regard to the desirability of securing that the members of the Commission include—

(i) persons who between them have had experience in the management of railways and road transport and in the organisation of workers; and (ii)

(ii) persons who, otherwise than by virtue of such experience as aforesaid, may between them be expected to be conversant with the requirements, as respects transport, of agriculture, commerce and industry.

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

49

(3) The power conferred on the Minister by subsection (3) of section five of the Transport Act, 1947, to make provision as to the number and names of the Executives shall include power to provide that there shall be no Executives.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that the matters to which licensing authorities for public service vehicles and licensing authorities for goods vehicles are to have regard in exercising their discretion to grant or refuse applications for licences do not include the duty imposed upon the Commission by paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section three of the Transport Act, 1947, as amended by subsection (1) of this section.

26.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect as respects Miscellaneous the borrowing powers of the Commission— amendments

(a) the provisos to subsections <1) and (2) of section eighty- Commission.

eight of the Transport Act, 1947 (which impose limits of twenty-five million pounds and two hundred and fifty million pounds on temporary borrowings and borrowings by the issue of stock otherwise than for the purposes specified in paragraphs and id) of the said subsection (2», shall cease to have effect;

(b) the aggregate of the amounts outstanding—

(i) in respect of the principal of any British transport stock issued otherwise than for the purposes specified in paragraph id) of the said subsection (2) or in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section eighty-nine of the said Act; and

(ii) in respect of any temporary loans raised by the Commission under subsection (1) of the said section eighty-eight,

shall not at any time exceed the sum of two hundred and seventy-five million pounds;

(c) any consent or authority for temporary borrowings given

by the Minister under subsection (1) of the said section eighty-eight shall require the approval of the Treasury;

(d) nothing in the said section eighty-eight shall apply to any borrowings of the Commission from any body which, within the meaning of subsection (6) of section one hundred and one of the Transport Act, 1947, is completely controlled by the Commission, but no such borrowings shall be deemed to be temporary loans for the purposes of subsection (1) of section ninety of that Act (which empowers the Treasury to give guarantees in respect of borrowings by the Commission):

Provided that nothing in paragraph ( ) of this subsection shall prevent the Commission from borrowing in excess of the sum

50

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

therein referred to for the purpose of redeeming any British transport stock which they are required or entitled to redeem, or of repaying any money temporarily borrowed under subsection (1) of the said section eighty-eight.

Any additional sums which, by reason of the amendments effected by the preceding provisions of this subsection, are required by the Treasury for fulfilling any guarantee of British transport stock or of any temporary loan raised by the Commission shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

(2) The Commission shall have power to engage in any activities which the Minister may from time to time think fit in the interests of national defence to authorise or direct them to engage in, and the limitations imposed by the provisos to subsections (2) and (3) of section two of the Transport Act, 1947, and by subsection <4) of that section shall not apply to any such activities:

Provided that the Minister shall not authorise or direct the Commission to engage in any form of activity falling within the scope of the said limitations unless he is satisfied that, unless he gives the direction or authority, work required in the interests of national defence cannot be carried out or cannot be carried out without serious risk of undue delay or of loss of efficiency.

(3) For the purposes of section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1930 (which gives relief from stamp duty in the case of a transfer of property as between associated companies with limited liability), the Commission shall be deemed to be a company with limited liability.

(4) The Commission may cause to be incorporated under the Companies Act, 1948, one or more companies under their direct or indirect control, the powers of which include power to carry on business as carriers of goods by road in Great Britain.

Provisions as to pension rights.

Pension rights and compensation to employees

27.—(1) The Minister shall make regulations—

(a) for (providing or securing the provision of pensions to or in respect of persons who, having been in the employment of the Commission and, in connection with that employment, having had pension rights under pension schemes (hereafter in this section referred to as " existing pension schemes "), cease to be in the employment of the Commission in consequence of the duties imposed on the Commission by this Act as to the disposal of the property held by them for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking, of the powers and duties conferred on the Commission and the Minister by this Act in connection with the reorganisation of that part of the Commission’s under-

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

taking which consists in the operation of the railways, or of the modifications of the functions of the Commission effected by this Act; and (b) for enabling persons in the employment of the Commission who, being participants in a pension scheme, suffer any diminution of their emoluments or change in the nature or terms of their employment in consequence of the said duties, powers and duties or modifications to avoid, on such terms as may be provided for by the regulations, any corresponding diminution in, or consequential loss of, any pension to or for which they may or might have become entitled or eligible, and any such regulations may for the purposes aforesaid, amend any existing pension scheme and any statutory provision relating thereto or any trust deed, rules or other instrument made for the purposes thereof.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the preceding subsection, regulations made under this section may provide, in a case where any such person obtains other employment and, in connection with that employment, has pension rights under another pension scheme, for the making of a payment, by way of transfer value or otherwise, to the persons administering that scheme, being a payment by the Commission or out of any pension fund established under the existing pension scheme or a payment partly by the Commission and partly out of any such pension fund, and for conferring on the said person, in accordance with arrangements made with the persons administering the other pension scheme, pension rights equal in value to those which foe had under the existing pension scheme; and the regulations may empower any persons administering that other pension scheme to carry out any such arrangements, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the scheme or in any statutory provision, trust deed, rules or other instrument made for the purposes thereof.

(3) Regulations made under this section may be made so as to have effect from a date prior to the making thereof, so, however, that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof shall not place any person other than the Commission in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been made to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

(4) Regulations made under this section may contain such supplementary and consequential provisions as the Minister thinks necessary, including—

(a) provisions as to the procedure for determining questions arising under the regulations and the manner in which and the persons by whom such questions are to be determined; and

52

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eijz. 2

(W in particular, provisions enabling appeals from any determination of any such question to be brought, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations, to a referee or board of referees appointed by the Minister of Labour and National Service, after consultation with the Lord Chancellor, or, where the proceedings are to be held in Scotland, after consultation with the Secretary of State.

Where any such provision is made as is specified in paragraph (b) of this subsection, the decision of the referee or board of referees shall be final, and nothing in the Arbitration Act, 1950, shall be construed as applying to any proceedings before any such referee or board of referees.

(5) The power to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

Compensation 28.—(1) The Minister shall by regulations provide for the

to officers and payment by the Commission, in such cases and to such extent servants. may specified in the regulations, of compensation to officers or servants of the Commission who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights, or whose position is worsened, in consequence of the duties imposed on the Commission by this Act as to the disposal of the property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking, of the powers and duties conferred on the Commission and the Minister by this Act in connection with the re-organisation of that part of the Commission’s undertaking which consists in the operation of the railways, or of the modifications of the functions of the Commission effected by this Act.

(2) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different classes of persons and different classes of cases, and any such regulations may be made so as to have effect as from a date prior to the making thereof, so, however, that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision thereof is to have effect as from a date earlier than the making thereof shall not place any officer or servant to whom the regulations relate in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been made to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

(3) Regulations made under this section—

(a) may prescribe the procedure to be followed in making claims for compensation, and the manner in which and the persons by whom the question whether any or what compensation is payable is to be determined; and

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

53

(b) may in particular contain provisions enabling appeals from any determination as to whether any or what compensation is payable to be brought, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations, to a referee or board of referees appointed by the Minister of Labour and National Service, after consultation with the Lord Chancellor, or, where the proceedings are to be held in Scotland, after consultation with the Secretary of State.

Where any such provision is made as is specified in paragraph (b) of this subsection, the decision of the referee or board of referees shall be final and nothing in the Arbitration Act,

1950, shall be construed as applying to any proceedings before any such referee or board of referees.

(4) The power to make regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and no regulations shall be made by the Minister under this subsection unless a draft of the regulations has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament.

Miscellaneous and General

29.—(1) In proviso (b) to subsection (3) of section six of the Amendments Transport Act, 1947 (which provides, inter alia, that there shall to be a Transport Users Consultative Committee in respect of both passenger and goods traffic for Wales), after the word "Wales ", for Scotland in both places where it occurs, there shall be inserted the words and Wales.

" and Monmouthshire ", and the Transport Users Consultative Committee in respect of passenger and goods traffic established for Wales at the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have been established for Wales and Monmouthshire.

(2) Copies of the minutes and of the recommendations or conclusions of the Transport Users Consultative Committee for Scotland referred to in the said proviso (b) and of the Transport Users Consultative Committee for Wales and Monmouthshire referred to in subsection (1) of this section shall be sent to the Minister as well as to the Commission and the Central Transport Consultative Committee, and, where a copy of such a recommendation is so sent to the Minister, the Minister may give such directions to the Commission with respect to the matters dealt with by the recommendation as he thinks fit, and the Commission shall give effect to any such directions.

(3) Copies of the minutes and of the recommendations or conclusions of any Transport Users Consultative Committee the whole or any part of the area of which consists of or includes any part of Scotland, or any part of Wales and Monmouthshire, shall be sent to the Committee for Scotland, or, as the case may

54

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

be, for Wales and Monmouthshire, referred to in subsection (2) of this section as well as to the Central Transport Consultative Committee and the Commission, and the said Committees referred to in the said subsection (2) shall each make an annual report to the Minister copies of which shall be laid before each House of Parliament.

Amendments 30.—(1) In subsection (1) of section seventy-one of the Trans-

as to Coastal port Act, 1947 (which provides for the establishment of a Coastal aUvEo8 Shipping Advisory Committee), after the words "the interests

Committee. of the Commission and those of persons engaged in coastal ship-

ping " there shall be inserted the words " or the interests of carriers of goods by road for hire or reward and those of the said persons, or the interests of the Commission and those of the said carriers and those of the said persons

(2) At the end of paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of the said section seventy-one there shall be added the words " and

(c) such number of persons representing the interests of carriers of goods by road for hire or reward as the Minister thinks fit, to be appointed by him after consultation with such body or bodies as he thinks fit, being a body or bodies who appear to him to be representative of those carriers "; and in the said subsection (2) for the words "(the number of representatives of the Commission on the said Committee" there shall be substituted the words " the aggregate number of the other members of the said Committee."

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall come into force on the appointed day, and the persons who, immediately before that day, are members of the said Committee shall cease to hold office as such on that day unless they have been reappointed to be members of the said Committee under the said section seventy-one as amended by this section.

Before appointing a day under this subsection the Minister shall consult the said Committee.

(4) As from the passing of this Act it shall be part of the functions of the said Committee to take all steps open to them to secure the establishment and maintenance of suitable arrangements for promoting consultation between persons affording services and facilities for the carriage of goods by coastal shipping and by rail, road and inland waterway, respectively.

Amendments 31.—(1) The obligation imposed on the Commission—

as to Transport (fl) by subsection (2) of section twenty-one of the Railways Tnbuna. Act, 1921, to repay to the Minister the remuneration

of the members, officers and servants, and other expenses, of the Transport Tribunal, so far as they are not met out of the amount recovered by way of fees; and

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

55

(b) by sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 7 of the Tenth Schedule to the Transport Act, 1947, to pay to the Minister the remuneration and expenses of persons appointed from any panel of the said Tribunal and of certain additional members of the said Tribunal, so far as they are not met out of the amount recovered by way of fees,

shall not apply to so much of the said remuneration and expenses (so far as not met as aforesaid) as may be apportioned by the Tribunal to the exercise after the passing of this Act of the jurisdiction transferred to them by section seventy-three of the Transport Act, 1947, in respect of appeals from licensing authorities under Part I of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

(2) The Tenth Schedule to the Transport Act, 1947 (which contains miscellaneous provisions as to the Transport Tribunal), shall have effect as if—

(a) the reference in paragraph 5 thereof to the jurisdiction

conferred on the Tribunal by that Act; and

(b) the reference in paragraph 6 thereof to the jurisdiction conferred on the Tribunal by that Act other than jurisdiction which, but for the provisions of that Act would have been jurisdiction of the Railway and Canal Commission or of the High Court or the Court of Session,

included references to any jurisdiction conferred on the Transport Tribunal by or by virtue of this Act.

(3) It is hereby declared that the repeal by the Railway and Canal Commission (Abolition) Act, 1949, of section seventeen of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888 (which contained provisions as to appeals from the Railway and Canal Commission), and of all enactments applying that section, did not affect the said section seventeen as applied to the Transport Tribunal by section twenty-six of the Railways Act, 1921, and by that section as extended by subsection (13) of section thirty-seven of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and paragraph 5 of the Tenth Schedule to the Transport Act, 1947.

(4) Any reference in the Transport Act, 1947, to the permanent members of the Transport Tribunal shall be construed as including a reference to any person appointed under subsection (3) of section twenty-four of the Railways Act, 1921, to act in the place of a permanent member.

32.—(1) In subsection (4) of section one hundred and five of Amendments the Transport Act, 1947 (which provides for the appointment of as to Transport a person to discharge the duties of any member of the Transport Arbitration Tribunal temporarily incapable of performing the Tmunal’

56

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Repeal of s. 7 and s. 114 of Transport Act, 1947.

Administrative

provisions.

duties of his office), for the words " If any member of the arbitration tribunal becomes, by reason of illness or other infirmity, temporarily incapable of performing the duties of his office" there shall be substituted the words " If any member of the arbitration tribunal, by reason of illness or other infirmity or absence, is temporarily unable to perform the duties of his office

Any increase attributable to this subsection in the sums which, under subsection (4) of section one hundred and seven of the said Act, are payable out of moneys provided by Parliament shall be paid out of moneys so provided, without prejudice, however, to the duty of the Commission under the said subsection (4) to repay the increase to the Minister.

(2) It is hereby declared, for the removal of doubt, that the power of the Transport Arbitration Tribunal under subsection

(5) of the said section one hundred and five to appoint a person or persons to hear and determine proceedings referred to him or them by the Tribunal may be exercised by the appointment of a member or members of the Tribunal whether with or without other persons.

(3) In the proviso to subsection (1) of section one hundred and eight of the Transport Act, 1947 (which provides that the confirmation of the Transport Arbitration Tribunal shall not be required in the case of an agreement for the payment of compensation under Part III of that Act to any person if the total amount of the compensation payable to him under the agreement does not exceed twenty thousand pounds), for the words " twenty thousand " there shall be substituted the words " one hundred thousand."

33. Section seven of the Transport Act, 1947 (which enables persons carrying on undertakings to make and carry out agreements for the transfer of those undertakings to the Commission and contains other provisions for facilitating the carrying on of undertakings agreed to be transferred to the Commission), and section one hundred and fourteen of that Act (which provides for the payment of additional compensation to local authorities in respect of the transfer of undertakings under Part II or Part IV of that Act) are hereby repealed. 34

34. —(1) The Minister may hold inquiries for the purposes of his powers and duties under this Act as if those purposes were purposes of the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919, and section twenty of that Act shall apply accordingly.

(2) Any administrative expenses incurred by the Minister in the execution of this Act (including any charges and expenses of licensing authorities and other persons incurred in or by reason of the execution thereof which are directed by the Minister under

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

57

subsection (3) of section twenty-two of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, to be paid as expenses of the roads department of the Ministry of Transport) shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

(3) The Minister of Labour and National Service may, with the consent of the Treasury, pay, out of moneys provided by Parliament—

ia) to any referee or to the members of any board of referees appointed by him under the provisions of this Act relating to pension rights of and compensation to officers and servants such fees and allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine; and

(ft) to a person giving evidence before any such referee or board such allowances as the Minister may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

(4) Any increases attributable to any of the provisions of this Act in the sums payable into the Exchequer under subsection (2) of section one hundred and twenty-three of the Transport Act, 1947, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

35.—(1) Section one hundred and twenty-five of the Transport Interpretation Act, 1947, except subsections (2) and (3) thereof, shall apply for the interpretation of this Act as it applies for the interpretation of that Act, as if any reference therein to that Act included a reference to this Act, and in this Act " charges scheme " means a charges scheme as defined in section seventy-six of that Act:

Provided that, in this Act, " property " includes claims for debts and other monetary claims.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires, in the provisions of this Act relating to the carriage of goods by road expressions have the same meanings as in Part I of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, except that " motor vehicle " means a goods vehicle within the meaning of the said Part I other than a trailer.

(3) Except where the context otherwise requires, in the provisions of this Act relating to the carriage of passengers by road expressions have the same meanings as in the Road Traffic Act,

1930.

(4) In this Act " the London Passenger Transport Area " has the meaning assigned to it by section one hundred and seven of the London Passenger Transport Act, 1933, and " the London special area" means the special area as defined in the said section one hundred and seven.

58

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Short title, extent and repeals.

(5) In this Act " merchandise " includes goods, minerals, live stock and animals of all descriptions, and " undue preference " has the meaning assigned to it by section fifty-five of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, that is to say, it includes an undue preference or an undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage in any respect, in favour of or against any person or particular class of persons or any particular description of traffic.

(6) In this Act " the appointed day " means such day as the Minister may by order (which shall be a statutory instrument) appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes and for different provisions of this Act.

(7) Any reference in this Act to the Commission includes, as respects matters falling within the scope of any delegation to an Executive, a reference to that Executive, and, as respects matters falling within the scope of any delegation to any authority or other person which is effected by or under any scheme under this Act with respect to the re-organisation of the Commission’s railways, includes, save so far as the contrary is provided by the scheme, a reference to that authority or person.

(8) It is hereby declared that any reference in the Transport Act, 1947, to die functions of the Commission includes a reference to any powers and duties conferred or imposed on the Commission by this Act, and any reference in that Act to directions given by the Minister to the Commission thereunder shall be deemed to include a reference to directions given by the Minister to the Commission under this Act.

36.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Transport Act, 1953.

(2) Sections sixteen, seventeen and twenty-five of this Act shall, so far as applicable to so muoh of the undertaking of the Commission as represents the undertaking of any of the bodies specified in the Third Schedule to the Transport Act, 1947, extend to Northern Ireland but, save as aforesaid, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) The provisions of the Transport Act, 1947, are hereby repealed to the extent specified in Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act, subject to die savings contained in Part II of that Schedule.

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Rights of obtaining Licences for Five Years for Goods Vehicles Free of Chargb

Part I

Vehicles comprised in Transport Units Rights on initial application

1. If the purchaser of a transport unit, before the date on which he obtains delivery of any motor vehicles as or as part of that unit, makes an application with respect to any of those vehicles (except additional vehicles) and no other motor vehicles for an A licence authorising the use of those vehicles, then, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Schedule—

(a) the application shall not be refused; and

(b) the condition specified in section fifty-two of the Transport Act, 1947 (namely that, except under or in accordance with a permit granted by the Commission, goods shall not be carried for hire or reward in any authorised vehicle if at any time while the goods are being so carried the vehicle is more than twenty-five miles from its operating centre), shall not apply to the licence; and

(c) the licence shall be granted for so much of the five year period

(as hereinafter defined) as remains unexpired on the date on which the licence is expressed to take effect, and subsections (1) to (4) of section three of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, shall not apply to the licence; and

() no fee shall be charged in respect of the grant of the licence;

and

(e) until the application is determined, the applicant shall be in the same position as respects the vehicles to which the application relates as he would have been in if the application had been granted:

Provided that the licensing authority may entertain any such application as aforesaid which is through inadvertence or other cause made on or after the first-mentioned date, and the preceding provisions of this paragraph shall thereupon apply to that application except sub-paragraph (e) thereof.

A licence granted under this paragraph is hereafter in this Part of this Schedule referred to as " a special A licence

2. Where a transport unit includes trailers, but not otherwise, an application made by the purchaser of the unit for a special A licence with respect to any motor vehicles included therein may extend to a specified number of trailers:

Provided that the number of trailers so specified, together with the number of trailers (if any) specified by him in other such applications relating to the same transport unit, shall not exceed the number of trailers (other than additional vehicles) included in that transport unit

60

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. 3. Where, before an application is made for a special A licence

—cont. with respect to any motor vehicle included in a transport unit, that

vehicle is destroyed or damaged beyond repair, another vehicle of the same or less weight unladen may be included in the application instead of the destroyed or damaged vehicle and if, while any such application is pending with respect to such a motor vehicle, the motor vehicle is destroyed or damaged beyond repair, the application shall, if the applicant so requires, be treated as if it had been made with respect to another vehicle of the same or less weight unladen instead of the destroyed or damaged vehicle; and paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule shall apply in each case to that other vehicle as it would have applied to the destroyed or damaged vehicle.

4. Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Schedule, where the permanent base or centre specified in an application for a special A licence as that from which it is intended that the authorised vehicles will normally be used for the purpose of carrying goods for hire or reward is not the permanent base or centre from which the vehicles in question, or, as the case may be, the vehicles corresponding thereto, were last used by the Commission before the publication of the public notice inviting tenders for the purchase of the transport unit, the licensing authority may refuse the application if it appears to him that the vehicles used from the first-mentioned base or centre could not conveniently serve substantially the same areas as those which might conveniently be served by vehicles used from the second-mentioned base or centre.

In relation to such a transfer as is provided for by section four of this Act, the reference in this paragraph to the publication of the public notice inviting tenders shall be deemed to be a reference to the date of the transfer.

5. Notwithstanding the last preceding paragraph, an application for a special A licence shall be deemed, for the purposes of section eleven of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933 (which relates to the procedure on applications for licences), to be an application which the licensing authority is bound to grant.

Variation, revocation and suspension of ,

assignment of , etc.

6. No variation of a special A licence shall be made except a variation consisting only of the removal of a specified vehicle from die licence, or of the specification in the licence in substitution for a specified vehicle of a vehicle of the same or less weight unladen, or of a reduction in the number of trailers specified in the licence.

7. Nothing in this Part of this Schedule shall be taken as preventing the licensing authority from exercising, in relation to special A licences, his power to revoke or suspend a licence or to give directions under subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

8. Where the holder of a special A licence—

(a) agrees to assign any of the authorised vehicles to any other person (other than the Commission); and

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

61

(b) gives particulars of the agreement to the licensing authority by whom the licence was granted; and

(c) makes an application to the end that, as from the date of the delivery of the vehicles to the assignee, the licence shall be revoked or so varied as not to authorise the use of the vehicles (or any vehicles substituted therefor in the licence), or, in so far as the vehicles are trailers, so as to reduce the number of trailers by the number of trailers agreed to be assigned,

the proposed assignee shall have the same rights under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule, for the purpose of obtaining a new special A licence with respect to the assigned vehicles or vehicles substituted therefor, as he would have if he were the purchaser of a transport unit consisting of the assigned vehicles and the date of delivery were the same date as the date of delivery under the assignment, so, however, that the five year period shall be calculated as from the date of the original delivery of the vehicles or, as the case may be, the vehicles corresponding thereto, as or as part of a transport unit.

An application made under sub-paragraph (c) of this paragraph shall not be withdrawn unless the licensing authority, being satisfied that the assignment has not taken place and will not take place, permits it to be withdrawn, and, where permission is given, this paragraph shall not apply to the agreement which was the ground of the application.

9. Any person who, by virtue of regulations made under section twenty-one of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, is deemed temporarily to be the holder of a special A licence shall have the same rights under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule, for the purpose of obtaining a new special A licence with respect to the authorised vehicles or vehicles substituted therefor, as he would have if he were the purchaser of a transport unit consisting of the authorised vehicles and the date of delivery were the date on which he ceased to be deemed to be the holder of that licence, so, however, that the five year period shall be calculated from the date of the original delivery of the vehicles or, as the case may be, the vehicles corresponding thereto, as or as part of a transport unit.

Interpretation

10. Where the purchaser of a transport unit is, within the meaning of section twelve of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, a subsidiary of a holding company, the references in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Part of this Schedule to the making of applications by the purchaser of a transport unit shall include references to the making of applications by the holding company in accordance with the said section twelve and, in relation to a special A licence held by such a holding company, paragraph 8 of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect as if any agreement to assign, or assignment of, any of the authorised vehicles by the subsidiary company were an agreement or assignment by the bolding company.

11. The references in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Part of this Schedule to the purchaser of a transport unit shall include references to a person who, on the death, incapacity, bankruptcy or liquidation of the

1st Sch. —cont.

62

Ch. 13

Transport Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. purchaser or the appointment of a receiver or manager in relation to

—cont. his business, becomes entitled to apply for an A licence in respect of

the vehicles included in that unit.

12. In this Part of this Schedule, " additional vehicles " means vehicles included in a transport unit and specified as additional vehicles under subsection (5) of section three of this Act, " assignment ", in relation to any vehicles, includes the transfer of possession of the vehicles under a hire purchase agreement, and "the five year period", in relation to any vehicles, means the period beginning with the date on which those vehicles or, as the case may be, vehicles corresponding thereto, were delivered as or as part of a transport unit sold by the Commission and ending with such date prescribed under subsection (2) of section three of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, as falls next before the expiration of the period of five years beginning with the first-mentioned date.

Part n

Goods Vehicles of Commission

1.—(1) If the Commission, before the expiration of six months from the passing of this Act, apply for the grant of an A licence or a C licence authorising the use of any motor vehicles which at the passing of this Act belonged to the Commission and no other motor vehicles, then, subject to the provisions of this paragraph—

(a) the application shall not be refused; and

(b) the licence shall be granted for so much of the five year period

(as hereinafter defined) as remains unexpired on the date when the licence is expressed to take effect, and subsections (1) to (4) of section three of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, shall not apply to the licence; and

(c) no fee shall be charged in respect of the grant of the licence.

(2) No application for an A licence shall be made under this paragraph in respect of any motor vehicles which at the passing of this Act were being used exclusively for purposes other than hire or reward.

(3) The total number of motor vehicles the use of which is authorised by A licences granted under this paragraph shall not at any time exceed the sum of the two following numbers, that is to say—

(a) eleven-twelfths of the number of motor vehicles which, at the end of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-two, were property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking; and

(b) the total number of motor vehicles belonging to the Commission at the passing of this Act, not being property then held as aforesaid and not being vehicles which were then being used exclusively for purposes other than hire or reward:

Provided that where any motor vehicles are sold as or as part of transport units, the total number of vehicles the use of which is allowed by this sub-paragraph to be authorised as aforesaid shall be reduced by the number of motor vehicles so sold.

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

63

(4) Where the Commission apply for an A licence under this para- 1st Sea. graph, they shall furnish to the licensing authority a certificate that —com.

die grant of the application will not result in any contravention of sub-paragraph (2) or sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph.

2. An application under the preceding paragraph may extend to a specified number of trailers.

3. If a motor vehicle with respect to which an application for the grant of an A licence or a C licence may be made under paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule is destroyed or damaged beyond repair or is disposed of in the ordinary course of the business of the Commission before such an application is made with respect thereto, another vehicle of the same or less weight unladen may be included in such an application instead of the vehicle which was destroyed, damaged or disposed of, and if, while any such application is pending with respect to such a vehicle, the vehicle is destroyed, damaged beyond repair or disposed of as aforesaid, the application shall, if the Commission so require, be treated as if it had been made in respect of another vehicle of the same or less weight unladen instead of the vehicle which was destroyed, damaged or disposed of; and paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule shall apply in each case to that other vehicle as it would have applied to the vehicle which was destroyed, damaged or disposed of.

4. No variation shall be made of an A licence granted under paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule except a variation consisting only of the removal of a specified vehicle from the licence, or of the specification in the licence in substitution for a specified vehicle of a vehicle of the same or less weight unladen, or of a reduction in the number of trailers specified in the licence.

5. Nothing in this Part of this Schedule shall be taken as preventing the licensing authority from exercising, in relation to a licence granted under paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule, his power to revoke or suspend a licence or to give directions under subsection (3) of section thirteen of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933.

6. No vehicle shall be substituted in an A licence granted under paragraph 1 of this Part of this Schedule for any motor vehicle sold as or as part of a transport unit, and where a motor vehicle which has at any time been authorised to be used under such an A licence is so sold, any vehicle which has been substituted (directly or indirectly) in that licence for that vehicle shall cease to be an authorised vehicle under that licence, and the Commission shall give all such notices and make all such applications as are necessary to secure that any motor vehicle so sold or so substituted as aforesaid is removed from the licence.

7. In this Part of this Schedule, " the five year period " means the period beginning with the passing of this Act and ending with such date prescribed under subsection (2) of section three of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, as falls next before the expiration of five years from the passing of this Act.

64

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 Sc2 Eliz. 2

Section 12.

SECOND SCHEDULE Rates of Transport Levy Part I

Ordinary Scale for Goods Vehicles

1 Description of vehicle 2 Number by which unit charge is to be multiplied

Goods vehicles which are chargeable with excise duty in accordance with section five of, and paragraph 2 or paragraph 7 of Part I of the Fourth Schedule to, the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, being vehicles the weight of which unladen exceeds one and a half tons. The number of quarters of a ton in the weight unladen of the vehicle, any odd part of a quarter of a ton being reckoned as a quarter of a ton.

Part n

Addition where Goods Vehicle mentioned in Part I is used far Drawing Trailers_

Weight unladen of vehicle 1 2 Exceeding Not exceeding 3 Number to be added to number arrived at under Part I

H tons 2i tons 4

2} tons 4 tons 6

4 tons — 8

Part III Tractors

Weight unladen Number by which unit charge is to be multiplied

1 Description of Vehicle 2 Exceeding 3 Not exceeding 4 Initial 5 Addition to number in column 4 for each ton or part of a ton in excess of the weight in column 2

Tractors which are charge- — 2 tons 6

able with excise duty in 2 tons 4 tons 12 —

accordance with section 4 tons 6 tons 18 —

four of, and paragraph 6 6 tons 7± tons 22 —

of the Third Schedule to, 1\ tons 8 tons 24 —

the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949. 8 tons — 24 3

1953

Transport Act, 1953

Ch. 13

65

THIRD SCHEDULE Section 14.

Meaning of " Road Haulagb Capital Loss "

1. In section fourteen of this Act the expression " the road haulage capital loss " means the amount, as determined by the Minister, by which the aggregate of the sums referred to in paragraph 2 of this Schedule exceed the aggregate of the sums referred to in paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

2. The sums first referred to in paragraph 1 of this Schedule are the following sums—

(a) the aggregate net value of the property sold under section three or subsection (1) or subsection (2) of section six of this Act, as at the time of the respective sales, as shown in the books of the Commission but adjusted so as to take into account depreciation up to the time of the sale so far as not already taken into account;

(b) the aggregate net value of the property of any company the shares of which are sold under section five of this Act as at the time when the shares are transferred in pursuance of the contract of sale, as shown in the books of the company but—

(i) adjusted so as to take into account depreciation up to the time of the transfer so far as not already taken into account; and

(ii) increased by the value, if any, as so shown, of any rights of the company as at that time not already taken into account; and

(iii) decreased by the value, if any, as so shown of the liabilities of the company as at that time;

(c) the expenses incurred by the Commission in connection with—

(i) sales under the said section three and the said subsections (1) and (2);

(ii) the making over of property to companies under the said section five; and

(iii) the sale of the shares of any company under the said section five,

so far, in any case, as not included in the sums shown in the books of the Commission as expenses deductible in computing sums shown therein as net traffic receipts;

() such amounts as may be just in respect of any sums paid or liabilities incurred by the Commission before any sale under the said section three or the said subsection (1) or subsection

(2) or the making over of any property to a company under the said section five, being sums paid or liabilities incurred for rights or benefits which, as results of the sale or, as the case may be, the making over of the property, are not, or axe not wholly, enjoyed by the Commission;

C

66

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch* —cont.

(e) so much of that part of the sums shown in the balance sheets of the Commission as goodwill which is ascribable to the road haulage undertaking as—

(i) ought justly to be apportioned to the property which was the subject of any sale under the said section three or the said subsection (1) or subsection (2) or was made over to a company under the said section five; and

(ii) is not otherwise taken into account under this paragraph;

(/) any losses incurred by the Commission in respect of contracts entered into by them for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking, being losses incurred as the result of the disposal of the property held by the Commission for the purposes thereof and not being losses which could reasonably have been avoided by the Commission; and

(g) two million pounds (in respect of assets forming part of the property held by the Commission for the purposes of the existing road haulage undertaking the cost of which has been charged by the Commission to revenue):

Provided that, if under the contract for the sale of the shares of a company under the said section five, the price paid therefor depends to any extent on the position as respects the company on a particular date, sub-paragraph (b) of this paragraph shall have effect as if the references therein to the time of the transfer of the shares were references to that date.

3. The sums secondly referred to in paragraph 1 of this Schedule are the prices at which property is sold under the said section three or the said subsection (1) or subsection (2) and the prices at which shares are sold under the said section five.

4. In this Schedule—

" price ", in relation to property sold under section three of this Act, means the aggregate of all the sums for which the purchaser becomes liable to the Commission as the result of his purchase of the transport unit in question, irrespective of whether the sums are ascribable to property or to other rights which he obtains as the result of his purchase, adjusted, however,—

(a) by adding the value, if any, as at the time of the purchase, as shown in the books of the Commission, of any liabilities of the Commission to third parties taken over by the purchaser from the Commission; and

(b) by subtracting the value, if any, as at that time, as so shown, of any obligations of third parties to the Commission taken over by him, not being property;

" net value " means value after deducting depreciation,

the references to values and sums shown in the books or balance sheets of the Commission or a company to which property is made over under the said section five are references to the values and sums so shown after making the appropriate adjustments of provisional items, and, if the Commission or the company in making up their

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13

67

books or their balance sheet for the year nineteen hundred and fifty- 3rd Sch. two or any subsequent year, depart to any substantial extent from the —cont. principles and practice applied by the Commission for the years falling before the year nineteen hundred and fifty-two, all adjustments which are necessary to produce the result which would have been produced but for the departure, and the requirements that the net values shall be adjusted so as to take into account depreciation up to a particular time shall be construed as requirements that the additional depreciation shall be allowed at the rates at which, and in the cases in which, depreciation was allowed under the said principles and practice.

FOURTH SCHEDULE Section 21.

Modifications and extensions of section thirty-nine of thb Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, and section thirty-nine of thb Railways Act, 1921

Part I

The Road and Rail Traffic , 1933, s. 39

1.—(1) Section thirty-nine of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933, shall apply to all charges made or proposed to be made by the Commission for the carriage of merchandise by railway (other than standard charges and maximum charges) and not merely to agreed charges and exceptional rates made or charged by them, and the said section thirty-nine shall, with the necessary adaptations, have effect accordingly.

(2) The amendments of the said section thirty-nine effected, as respects charges made otherwise than under a charges scheme, by subsection (5) of section eighty-three of the Transport Act, 1947, shall, notwithstanding anything in subsection (1) of the said section eighty-three, have effect in relation to all charges made or proposed to be made by the Commission for the carriage of merchandise by railway, whether under a charges scheme or not.

2.—(1) If a representation under the said section thirty-nine is made wholly or partly on the ground that the charges in question place coastal carriers at an undue or unfair disadvantage and the Tribunal are of opinion that the body making the representation has a reasonable case to make in that respect, they shall, if the said body requests them so to do, instead of publishing the representation and holding an inquiry under subsection (3) of that section, give, as quickly as may be, to the said body and the Commission an opportunity of calling witnesses and being heard as to the representation and, if, after hearing the said body, the Commission and their respective witnesses, considering the matters which they are required by the said subsection (3) to investigate and having regard to all the considerations to which they are required by the said subsection (3) to have regard, the Tribunal are of opinion that, having regard to all the circumstances, the charges in question or any of them—

(a) place coastal carriers at an undue or unfair disadvantage in the competition, or

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

68

4th Sch. (b) are inadequate, having regard to the cost of affording the

—cont. service or services in respect of which they are made,

and that in either case the action of the Commission is by reason of its prejudicial effect upon the interests of coastwise shipping undesirable in the national interests, may make any such, order as they might have made upon an inquiry under the said subsection (3).

(2) Where the Tribunal make an order by virtue of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph, the Commission shall publish the order in such manner as the Tribunal may direct, and if, within one month from the publication of the order as aforesaid, any body which, in the opinion of the Minister, is properly representative of the interests of traders notifies the Tribunal that it objects to the order, the Tribunal shall hold an inquiry on the matter in accordance with the provisions of subsection (3) of the said section thirty-nine and shall, upon that inquiry, revoke or vary their previous order, or refuse to revoke or vary it, as may be appropriate.

(3) The reference in subsection (5) of the said section thirty-nine to orders made under subsection (4) of that section shall be deemed to include a reference to any order of the Tribunal made under the preceding provisions of this paragraph.

3. It is hereby declared that the powers of the Tribunal under the said section thirty-nine extend to cancelling or varying any agreement made or deemed to be made under subsection (4) of section twenty-one of this Act, but where any agreement in writing made or deemed to be made as aforesaid regulates, for a specified period of not less than three months or for a period determinable by not less than three months* notice, any charges to be made by the Commission, the following provisions shall have effect in relation to any order of the Tribunal under sub-paragraph (1) of the last preceding paragraph cancelling that agreement or varying it in relation to any charges to be made during that period—

(a) any trader who is a party to that agreement may within one

month from the publication of the order under sub-paragraph

(2) of that paragraph apply to the Tribunal for the cancellation or variation of the order in so far as it so cancels or varies the agreement;

(b) the order, in so far as it so cancels or varies that agreement, shall not take effect until the expiration of the said period of one month and, if, within that period, an application is made under this paragraph, shall not take effect unless and until the Tribunal, having given the applicant, the Commission and the body on whose representation the order was made an opportunity of being heard, confirm the order, in so far as it so cancels or varies the agreement, with or without variation:

Provided that the Tribunal shall not separately deal with the application if an inquiry falls to be held into the order under the said sub-paragraph (2) and in that event the order, in so far as it so cancels or varies the agreement as aforesaid, shall not take effect unless and until the Tribunal, having held the inquiry, confirm the order in so far as it so cancels or varies the agreement, with or without variation.

1953

Transport , 1953

Cel 13

69

4. An additional member of the Tribunal appointed from the shipping panel under the said section thirty-nine shall not be paid any such remuneration or expenses as are provided for by paragraph 7 of the Tenth Schedule to the Transport Act, 1947.

5. The said section thirty-nine and the preceding provisions of this Schedule shall apply in relation to any body, being either a harbour authority or a body which, in the opinion of the Minister, is properly representative of the interests of harbour authorities, as it applies in relation to the bodies representative of coastal carriers mentioned in subsection (2) of the said section thirty-nine, but as if—

(a) the references to charges made in competition with coastal carriers were references to charges made for the carriage of merchandise by rail to or from harbours where port facilities are provided by the Commission; and

(b) the reference in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of the said section thirty-nine to coastal carriers being placed at an undue or unfair disadvantage and the references in paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of the said section thirty-nine and paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule to coastal carriers being placed at an undue or unfair disadvantage in the competition were references to any harbour authority being placed at an undue or unfair disadvantage; and

(c) in the said subsection (4) and the said sub-paragraph (1) the

references to the interests of coastwise shipping were references to the interests of any harbour authority; and

() so much of the said section thirty-nine and the preceding provisions of this Schedule as relates to the shipping panel were omitted.

6. In this Part of this Schedule, " trader " means a person sending or receiving, or desiring to send or receive, merchandise by railway, and "harbour authority'* means any person or body of persons (other than the Commission) in whom powers and duties of improving, maintaining or managing a harbour are vested by or under any Act of Parliament.

Part n

The Railways Ac, 1921, s. 39

1. Section thirty-nine of the Railways Act, 1921, shall extend to all charges made or to be made by the Commission for the carriage of merchandise by railway (other than standard charges and maximum charges) and not merely to agreed charges and exceptional rates made or charged by them, and the said section thirty-nine shall, with the necessary adaptations, have effect accordingly.

2. The said section thirty-nine, in relation to the Commission, shall have effect as if after the word "canals," in both places where that word occurs, there were inserted the words " or canal carriers."

4th Sch. —com.

70

Ch. 13

Transport , 1953

1 & 2 Bliz. 2

Section 36.

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Provisions of thb Transport Act, 1947, Repealed Part I Extent of repeal

Section seven.

Sections thirty-nine to fifty-six.

Subsection (2) of section fifty-seven.

Sections fifty-eight to sixty-four.

Subsections (1), (3) and (4) of section sixty-five.

Sections sixty-six to sixty-eight.

In subsection (1) of section seventy-four, the words " the Commission or ", in both places where they occur.

The provisos to subsections (1) and (2) of section eighty-eight.

The proviso to subsection (1) of section eighty-nine.

Section one hundred and fourteen.

In section one hundred and twenty-five, the definitions of " meat ", " operating centre ", " ordinary furniture removal " and " superimposed trailer".

Subsections (9) and (10) of section one hundred and twenty-six.

In Part I of the Eighth Schedule, in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 1, the words from " Provided that " to the end of the sub-paragraph, and in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3, the words from " in the case " to " any other case ".

Part II of the Eighth Schedule.

The Ninth Schedule.

Part n Savings

1. The repeal of sections fifty-two and fifty-three, section fifty-six, subsection (2) of section fifty-seven, section fifty-eight, subsections (1) and (3) to (6) of section sixty and sections sixty-one and sixty-two of the Transport Act, 1947, and of the said definitions in section one hundred and twenty-five of that Act except that of " superimposed trailer ", shall not have effect until the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

2. The proviso to subsection (3) of section one of this Act shall apply in relation to the repeal of the provisions of the Transport Act, 1947, which relate to the acquisition of certain road transport undertakings by the Commission as it applies in relation to the provisions of that subsection.

3. The repeal of section fifty-nine of the Transport Act, 1947, shall be subject to the provisions of subsections (2) and (3) of section seven of this Act.

1953

Transport , 1953

Ch. 13,14

71

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854

Regulation of Railways Act, 1868

Regulation of Railways Act, 1873

Cheap Trains Act, 1883

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888

Ministry of Transport Act, 1919

Railways Act, 1921

Finance Act, 1930

Road Traffic Act, 1930

London Passenger Transport Act, 1933

Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933

Road Haulage Wages Act, 1938

Wages Councils Act, 1945

Transport Act, 1947

Companies Act, 1948

Wages Councils Act, 1948

Railway and Canal Commission (Abolition) Act,

1949

Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949

Arbitration Act, 1950

17 & 18 Vict. c. 31.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 119.

36 & 37 Vict. c. 48.

46 & 47 Vict. c. 34.

51 & 52 Vict. c. 25.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 50.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 55. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 28. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 14. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 53.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 44.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 17.

10 & 11 Geo. 6.C.49.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6.C.7.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 11.

12.13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 89. 14 Geo. 6. c. 27.

CHAPTER 14

An Act to prohibit the carrying of offensive weapons in public places without lawful authority or reasonable excuse.

[6th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Any person who without lawful authority or reasonable Prohibition of excuse, die proof whereof shall lie on him, has with him in any t^.c ^rry?n8 public place any offensive weapon shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be liable— without lawful

(a) on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not authority exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding fifty ewC™*>na 10 pounds, or both;

(b) on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, or both.

72

Ch. 14,15

Prevention of Crime Act, 1953 1 & 2 Buz. 2

Short title, commencement and extent.

(2) Where any person is convicted of an offence under subsection (1) of this section the court may make an order for the forfeiture or disposal of any weapon in respect of which the offence was committed.

(3) A constable may arrest without warrant any person whom he has reasonable cause to believe to be committing an offence under subsection (1) of this section, if the constable is not satisfied as to that person’s identity or place of residence, or has reasonable cause to believe that it is necessary to arrest him in order to prevent the commission by him of any other offence in the course of committing which an offensive weapon might be used.

(4) In this section " public place " includes any highway and any other premises or place to which at the material time the public have or are permitted to have access, whether on payment or otherwise; and "offensive weapon" means any article made or adapted for use for causing injury to the person, or intended by the person having it with him for such use by him.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Prevention of Crime Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the expiration of one month from the passing thereof.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 15

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Repeal of Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and Dissolution of Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain

Section

1. Repeal of Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and dissolution and transfer of

assets etc. of Corporation.

Part II

Supervision of Iron and Steel Industry

The Iron and Steel Board

2. The Iron and Steel Board.

3. Supervision of iron and steel industry by Board.

4. Consultation with Board on matters concerning the European Coal

and Steel Community.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

73

Development of iron and steel industry

Section

5. Provision of production facilities.

6. Provision of production facilities to be subject to Board's consent in

certain cases.

7. Special provisions as to carbonisation.

Powers to fix maximum prices for iron and steel products

8. Duty of producers to comply with Board's determination of maximum

prices.

9. Application of price provisions to castings and forgings.

10. Powers of Minister as to prices.

Importation and distribution of raw , etc.

11. Importation and distribution of raw materials and finished products.

Miscellaneous, and General

12. Research and training.

13. Provision of funds for Board.

14. Temporary borrowings and investment by Board.

15. Furnishing of information to Board and Minister.

16. Annual report and accounts of Board, publication of statistics, etc.

17. Operation of Part II in relation to subsidiaries of the Agency and agents

for Minister.

Part HI

Disposal of Assets of Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain

18. Duty of Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency to return iron

and steel undertakings to private ownership.

19. Powers of Agency in respect of securities and companies.

20. Other financial powers of Agency.

21. Treasury to take over liability for Iron and Steel Stock.

22. Iron and Steel Realisation Account and other financial provisions.

23. Annual report and accounts of Agency and furnishing of information.

24. Compensation to officers and servants of companies.

25. Dissolution of Agency.

26. Exemption from stamp duty.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

27. Application of Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and

Control) Act, 1948.

28. Status of Board and Agency.

29. Enforcement of certain provisions by injunction.

30. Disclosure of information and false information.

31. General provisions as to orders, regulations and consents.

32. Service of notices and documents.

33. Expenses of Ministers and saving for powers of Ministers.

34. Interpretation.

35. Application to Northern Ireland.

36. Short title and repeal.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Transitional Provisions, etc.

Second Schedule—Provisions as to Iron and Steel Board and Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency.

Third Schedule—Iron and Steel Activities.

C*

74

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Repeal of Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and dissolution and transfer of assets etc. of Corporation.

An Act to repeal the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and to dissolve the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain; to establish an Iron and Steel Board for the supervision of the iron and steel industry and to define the functions of that Board, and to make other provision as to the said industry; to provide for the return of iron and steel undertakings to private ownership and for the disposal of the property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the said Corporation; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[14th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Repeal of Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and Dissolution of Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, on such day as the Minister may by order appoint in that behalf (in this Act referred to as " the appointed day ")—

(a) the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, shall cease to have effect; and

(b) all the property, rights, liabilities and obligations which, immediately before that day, were property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain shall, by virtue of this Act, become property, rights, liabilities and obligations of the Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency constituted under Part III of this Act.

(2) The said Corporation shall, on the expiration of a period of one month beginning with the appointed day, or such longer period beginning with that day as the Minister may by order direct, cease to exist, and shall have no functions during that month or longer period other than the duties imposed on them by or by virtue of Part I of the First Schedule to this Act.

(3) The transitional and supplemental provisions, and savings, set out in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect in connection with the matters provided for by the preceding provisions of this section.

(4) Save as is expressly provided in the said First Schedule, nothing in this section shall be taken as transferring to the said Agency any statutory powers or duties conferred or imposed on the said Corporation by the Iron and Steel Act, 1949.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

75

(Part II

Supervision of Iron and Steel Industry The Iron and Steel Board

2.—(1) There shall be a Board to be called the Iron and Steel The iron and Board (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Board ") who Sleel Board, shall, as from the appointed day, exercise and perform the functions assigned to them by this Part of this Act.

(2) The Board shall consist of a chairman and not less than nine nor more than fourteen other members.

(3) The chairman and all other members of the Board shall be appointed by the Minister from amongst persons appearing to him to be persons who have had wide experience of, and shown capacity in,—

(a) the production of any iron and steel products; or

(b) any activities involving the use for manufacturing

purposes of any iron and steel products; or

(c) the organisation of workers; or

(i )industrial, commercial or financial matters; or

(e) administration; or

(/) applied science:

Provided that the chairman shall not be a person who in the opinion of the Minister is directly engaged to a substantial extent in the production of any iron and steel products or in the organisation of workers employed in such production.

(4) Every member of the Board shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for re-appointment:

Provided that—

(a) no appointment or re-appointment of a member of the

Board shall be for a term exceeding five years;

(b) any member may at any time by notice in writing to the Minister resign his office.

(5) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Board so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

(6) Before appointing a person to be the chairman or a whole-time member of the Board, the Minister shall satisfy himself that that person has no substantial financial interest in any undertaking of an iron and steel producer, and the Minister shall also satisfy himself from time to time with respect to the chairman and every whole-time member of the Board that he has no such interest; and any person who is, or whom the Minister

c* 2

76

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part II

—cnnt.

Supervision ol iron and steel industry by Board.

proposes to appoint and who has consented to be, the chairman or a whole-time member of the Board shall, whenever requested by the Minister so to do, furnish to him such information as the Minister considers necessary for the performance by the Minister of his duties under this subsection.

(7) The Minister may appoint one or more members of the Board to be deputy chairman or deputy chairmen of the Board.

(8) The Board—

(a) shall pay to their members such remuneration (whether

by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine; and

(b) in the case of such members as the Minister may so determine, shall make such provision for the payment of pensions to or in respect of those members as he may so determine.

(9) The Minister shall, as soon as possible after the constitution of the Board, lay before each House of Parliament a statement of the remuneration and allowances that are or will be payable under the last preceding subsection to the members of the Board, and, if any subsequent determination by him under that subsection involves any departure from the terms of the said statement or, if a determination by him under that subsection provides for the payment of a pension to or in respect of any member of the Board, the Minister shall, as soon as possible after the determination, lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament.

(10) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act (which relate to the procedure of, and other similar matters concerning, the Board and the Agency constituted under Part ni of this Act) shall, so far as they relate to the Board, have effect with respect to the Board.

3.—(1) It shall be the duty of the Board to exercise a general supervision over the iron and steel industry, and to such extent as they may consider necessary the powers conferred on them by this Act, with a view to promoting the efficient, economic and adequate supply under competitive conditions of iron and steel products, and in particular to keep under review—

(a) the productive capacity of iron and steel producers;

(b) the arrangements for procuring and distributing raw materials and fuel for use in the iron and steel industry;

(c) the prices charged for iron and steel products;

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

77

() the arrangements for the promotion of research relating Part 11

to the iron and steel industry and of the training and -com. education of persons employed or to be employed in the industry;

(e) the arrangements for the promotion of the safety, health

and welfare of persons employed in the iron and steel industry; and

(/) the arrangements for joint consultation between iron and steel producers and persons employed by them in the iron and steel industry or representatives of such persons on matters of mutual interest other than terms and conditions of employment:

Provided that the duty of the Board with respect to the arrangements specified in paragraphs (), (e) and (/) hereof, other than arrangements for the promotion of research, shall not apply in relation to any undertaking in whose case—

(i) the Board are satisfied that the main activities of the

undertaking are not part of the iron and steel industry, and that the only activities of the undertaking which form part of the iron and steel industry are activities included in paragraph 4 of the Third Schedule to this Act and are incidental to the main activities of the undertaking; and

(ii) the Board, after consultation with such organisations representative of employers and such organisations representative of workers employed in the undertaking as the Board consider appropriate, are satisfied that the arrangements, as respects such incidental activities, for joint consultation between the employer and the said workers form part of general arrangements for such consultation applicable to the main activities of the undertaking.

(2) The Board may, to such extent as the Minister may authorise them so to do, act as agent for him in the exercise or performance of any of his functions so far as they relate to iron and steel products or raw materials used in the iron and steel industry, except functions under this Act and any power under any enactment to make orders.

(3) In this Act the expression " the iron and steel industry " means—

(a) the activities included in the Third Schedule to this Act, and

(b) any activities deemed by virtue of an order under the next following subsection to be included in that Schedule,

so for as the activities are carried on in Great Britain.

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

78

Ch. 15

Part II <4) If it appears to the Minister that the processing of iron —cont. or steei by a process which, at the passing of this Act, was not being operated, or was not in the opinion of the Minister being operated to a substantial extent, by persons carrying on business in Great Britain ought to be treated as included in the Third Schedule to this Act, having regard to the similarity of the products of that process to any existing iron and steel products, he may by order provide that the processing of iron or steel by that process shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be included in the said Schedule, and this Act shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that no order shall be made under this subsection except on the recommendation of the Board, and, before recommending the making of any such order, the Board shall consult with such organisations as appear to them to be representative of persons carrying on business in Great Britain who operate that process and of persons employed in operating that process.

4,—(1) The Minister shall keep the Board informed—

(a) of the proceedings of the Institutions of the European Coal and Steel Community so far as such proceedings are within his knowledge and appear to him to be relevant to the duties of the Board under subsection (1) of section three of this Act, and

(b) of such other matters concerning the relationship between the United Kingdom and the said Community as in the opinion of the Minister are relevant to the said duties of the Board.

(2) It shall be the duty of the Board to give advice and information to the Minister on any matters relating to their said duties being matters which have been referred by the Minister to the Board concerning the relationship between the United Kingdom and the said Community, or being matters which, in the opinion of the Board, ought to be taken into account in connection with the said relationship.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken as requiring the Minister to disclose to the Board any matter which in his opinion it is not in the national interest to disclose to them.

(4) In this section the expression "the Institutions of the European Coal and Steel Community " means the Institutions mentioned in Article 7 of the Treaty constituting the said Community signed in Paris on the eighteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-one.

Consultation with Board on matters concerning the European Coal and Steel Community.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

79

Development of iron and steel industry Part H

—cont.

5.—(1) The Board shall from time to time consult with such Provision of iron and steel producers and such other persons and such repre- production sentative organisations as the Board consider appropriate, with facilities, a view to securing the provision and use—

(a) of such production facilities in Great Britain as may

be required for the efficient, economic and adequate supply of iron and steel products; and

(b) of such production facilities outside Great Britain for or

in connection with the quarrying or mining of iron ore or manganese ore for use in the iron and steel industry as may be required for the purpose aforesaid, including facilities for the transport outside Great Britain or the importation into Great Britain of such iron ore or manganese ore.

(2) Without prejudice to the promotion of the efficient, economic and adequate supply of iron and steel products, the Board shall, in their consultations under the preceding subsection, have regard to any considerations relating to employment in Great Britain or otherwise relating to the national interest to which the Minister may have asked them to have regard.

(3) If—

(a) the Board report to the Minister that additional production facilities in Great Britain or additional facilities such as are mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section are required for the efficient, economic and adequate supply of iron and steel products, or it appears to the Minister, after consultation with the Board, that additional production facilities in Great Britain are required in the national interest; and

(h) the Board report to the Minister that they cannot secure by means of consultation under subsection (1) of this section the provision and use of the additional facilities required;

the Minister may, with the approval of the Treasury, himself provide and use those facilities, or make arrangements with any persons for the provision or use of those facilities by those persons, whether as agents for the Minister or otherwise.

Iron ore or manganese ore produced outside Great Britain by means of production facilities provided under this subsection shall not be required to be used wholly in the iron and steel industry.

80

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part n

—cont.

Provision of production facilities to be subject to Board's consent in certain cases.

(4) If it appears to the Minister, after consultation with the Board, that any existing production facilities in Great Britain which would not otherwise be kept in use ought in the national interest to be kept in use, he may, with the approval of the Treasury, himself acquire or take on lease, and use, those facilities or make arrangements with any persons for securing the use of those facilities by those persons, whether as agents for the Minister or otherwise.

(5) The persons with whom arrangements are made under this section may be companies formed for that purpose at the instance of the Minister.

(6) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall empower the Minister himself to own, build, or operate seagoing ships.

(7) Any sums falling to be paid by the Minister by virtue of any exercise by him of the powers conferred by this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any sums received by him in consequence of any exercise by him of the said powers shall be paid into the Exchequer.

6.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Board may from time to time, by a notice published in such manner as they think best adapted for informing the persons affected, require that, in such cases as may be defined in the notice by reference to size, cost, class of products or other relevant factors, any person proposing to provide or procure the provision of any additional production facilities in Great Britain shall give particulars in writing of the proposal to the Board and shall not proceed therewith without the consent in writing of the Board.

(2) Before publishing any notice under the preceding subsection, the Board shall consult with such iron and steel producers and such representative organisations as they consider appropriate with a view to ensuring that no person will be required by the notice to give to the Board particulars of any proposal which, by reason of the limited size or cost of the proposed additional production facilities or the class of products concerned or other relevant factors, would be unlikely substantially to affect the efficient and economic development of production facilities in Great Britain.

(3) The Board shall not refuse their consent to any proposal submitted to them under this section unless it appears to them, after consultation with the person making the proposal and with such representative organisations as the Board consider appropriate, that the proposal will seriously prejudice the efficient and economic development of production facilities in Great Britain.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

81

(4) If the Board refuse their consent to any such proposal, they shall state in writing to the person making the proposal, but without giving information relating to any individual business, their reasons for that refusal; and the person making the proposal may appeal to the Minister from that refusal, and the Minister shall consider any representations made by the appellant in writing, and shall consult with the Board, and shall give the appellant an opportunity of appearing in person or by his representative before a person appointed by the Minister and shall consider the report of that person; and the Minister may, if he thinks fit, give his consent to the proposal, which shall have effect as if it were the consent of the Board.

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect the provision of any production facilities if, before the appointed day, the provision thereof has been approved by any Minister of the Crown.

(6) This section shall not apply to any proposal to provide or secure the provision of additional production facilities consisting only of premises, plant or machinery proposed to be used for the carrying on of any activity included in paragraph 4 of the Third Schedule to this Act or for the carrying on of any incidental activity in connection with any activity so included.

7. In the exercise and performance of their functions under the two last preceding sections, the Board shall, in relation to any production facilities used or proposed to be used for activities relating to carbonisation, consult with the National Coal Board, with the Gas Council and with any Area Gas Board in whose area the facilities are used or are proposed to be used; and, in planning and carrying out any programme of capital development or reorganisation of activities relating to carbonisation, the National Coal Board shall consult with the Board.

Powers to fix maximum prices for iron and steel products

8.—(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, the Board may, as respects any iron and steel products, determine by instmment in writing the maximum prices to be charged in the United Kingdom for those products by iron and steel producers, and it shall be the duty of every such producer not to charge for those products, when sold in the United Kingdom, prices greater than the maximum prices so determined:

Provided that, before making any determination under this subsection, the Board shall consult with such iron and steel producers and such representative organisations as they consider appropriate, and the Board shall not make any determination

Part n

—cont.

Special provisions as to carbonisation.

Duty of producers to comply with Board's determination of maximum prices.

82

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1&2EUZ.2

Part II

—cont.

under this subsection which would in their opinion be inconsistent with promoting the efficient, economic and adequate supply of iron and steel produots.

(2) Any determination under this section may, in the case of all or any of the products to which it relates, either—

(a) itself specify the maximum price which may be charged; or

(b) contain instructions for ascertaining the said maximum

price,

and, without prejudice to the generality of the preceding words, such a determination may provide for the maximum price varying according to such circumstances as may be specified in the determination.

(3) Where the Board have made a determination under this section, the Board shall publish, in such manner as appears to them best adapted for informing the persons affected, a notice—

(a) setting out the determination; or

(b) giving such particulars of the effect of the determination

as the Board think fit and stating the places where persons interested may, free of charge, inspect, copy, and make extracts from, copies of the determination;

and the determination shall not take effect until such date as may be specified in the notice.

(4) Any determination under this section may be varied or replaced by a subsequent determination under this section, or may be revoked by the Board by instrument in writing, of which notice shall be published in such manner as aforesaid, as from such date as may be specified in the notice.

(5) Where it appears to the Board that any iron and steel producer has entered into arrangements with any other person (herein referred to as " the selling agent ") whereby the whole or a substantial part of the producer’s output of any class of iron and steel products to which a determination of the Board under this section relates, so far as that output is sold in the United Kingdom, is sold by the selling agent, and that this section ought to apply to sales by the selling agent of those products of the producer, the Board may, by notice in writing to the selling agent, inform him that this section will apply to sales by him of those products of the producer; and thereupon, until the notice is revoked by the Board, the duty of the producer under this section shall, as respects those products, extend to the selling agent.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

83

(6) For the purposes of this section, the products of an activity included or deemed to be included in the Third Schedule to this Act shall be deemed to remain the products of that activity notwithstanding that they have been subjected—

(a) to any process of heat treatment; or

(b) to any process of coating other than vitreous, porcelain or stove enamelling; or

(c) to any process of corrugation; or

(d) to any process or operation, other than the machining of castings, incidental to the activity in question which in the opinion of the Board should be treated for the purposes of this section as part of that activity, being a process or operation to which the products of that activity are commonly subjected by persons carrying on that activity,

not in any case being a process or operation comprised in an activity included or deemed to be included in the said Schedule; and the Board may determine different prices for the said products according to whether they have or have not been subjected to any such process or operation as is mentioned in (and not excepted from) any of paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and id) hereof.

(7) Any maximum price determined under this section for any products may be determined so as to include or not to include a charge for delivery and, where it includes such a charge, the charge may vary according to the place of delivery, the method of transport, or any other variable factor affecting the cost of delivery.

(8) Where a determination is in force under the preceding provisions of this section with respect to any products, and it appears to the Board that, in the case of any sales of those products in the United Kingdom by a particular iron and steel producer (or the selling agent of that producer) to a particular purchaser, the maximum price ought, owing to unusual requirements by the purchaser or unusual methods of manufacture or other special circumstances, to be in excess of the maximum price under the said determination, the Board may, by notice in writing to that producer and that purchaser, determine a maximum price for those sales in excess of the maximum price aforesaid; and thereupon the duty of the producer under this section shall, as respects those sales, be a duty not to charge prices greater than the maximum price determined under this subsection:

Provided that the power conferred by this subsection shall not be exercised in relation to any determination made or varied in pursuance of an order made by the Minister under section ten

Part n

—com.

Ch. 1$

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 1E 2

84

Part n

—cont.

Application of price provisions to castings and forgings

of this Act. unless that order or any order varying that order authorises the power to be exercised in relation to that determination and any requirements imposed by the order, which may include the obtaining of the Minister's consent, are complied with.

A determination under this subsection may be varied or replaced by a subsequent determination thereunder, or may be revoked by the Board by notice in writing to the said producer and purchaser, and the preceding provisions of this section, except subsections (1), (3) and (4) thereof, shall apply to a determination under this subsection.

(9) For the purposes of this section, the sale of any iron and steel products for export to a place outside the United Kingdom shall not be treated as a sale in the United Kingdom, but save as aforesaid the sale of any iron and steel products which, at the time when the property therein passes to die buyer, are situated in the United Kingdom shall be deemed to be a sale in the United Kingdom.

9.—(1) Section eight of this Act shall not apply to any products of an activity included in paragraph 4 or (paragraph 6 of the Third Schedule to this Act unless the Board have made a report to the Minister under the following provisions of this section and the Minister has made an order under those provisions directing that the said section eight is to apply to those products.

(2) If the Board consider, as respects any class of products of any such activity,—

(a) that at least one-third by weight of the total annual out-

put in Great Britain of products of that class is being produced by any one person, or by two or more persons being interconnected bodies corporate within the meaning of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and Control) Act, 1948; or

(b) that the producers of at least one-third by weight of the

total annual output in Great Britain of products of that class, whether voluntarily or not, and whether by agreement or arrangement or not, so conduct their respective affairs as in any way to prevent or restrict competition in connection with the supply of those products,

the Board may, by notice served on the producers of those products in Great Britain, require them to satisfy the Board, within three months from the date of the service of the notice, that the prices charged by them for those products are reasonable, or that they have taken steps to reduce those prices to a reasonable level.

1953

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

Ch. 15

85

(3) If the producers on whom a notice is served under the last Part n

preceding subsection fail to satisfy the Board of the matters —con/.

aforesaid in accordance with the notice, and the Board make a report to that effect to the Minister, the Minister may, after consultation with such representative organisations as he considers appropriate, by order direct that section eight of this Act shall apply to the class of products to which the notice related.

10. —(1) The Minister may, after consultation with the Board, Powers of by order direct the Board to make a determination under sub- MPster 88 to section (1) of section eight of this Act with respect to any iron pnces*

and steel products to which that section for the time being applies, or to vary or replace any determination made by the Board under that subsection, and the order may specify the determination (whether new or substituted) or the variation to be made by the Board, or may oontain such directions as to the nature of that determination or variation as the Minister thinks fit; and the Board shall comply with the order and shall not, while the order remains in force, make any determination of prices under subsection (1) of section eight of this Act which is inconsistent with the order:

Provided that the Minister shall not give any such direction to the Board unless he considers that it is necessary in the national interest and consistent with promoting the efficient, economic and adequate supply of iron and steel products.

(2) While any order of the Minister under Regulation 55ab of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, is in force with respect to any iron and steel products, the Board shall not exercise their powers under section eight of this Act with respect to those products, and, on the coming into force of any such order with respect to any iron and steel products, any determination of the Board then in force shall, if and so far as it relates to those products, cease to have effect.

(3) As from the appointed day, the Minister shall, before making any order under Regulation 55ab of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, with respect to any iron and steel products or any iron or steel scrap, consult with the Board.

Importation and distribution of raw materials, etc.

11. —(1) If the Board are satisfied, after consultation with Importation

such representative organisations as they consider appropriate,— of

(a) that the importation into Great Britain of any raw raw materials material for use in the iron and steel industry, or and finished the distribution of any such material when imported, product8, can with advantage be undertaken as a common service for the iron and steel industry; and

86

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part n

—cont.

Research and training.

(b) that satisfactory arrangements do not exist and operate for securing such importation or, as the case may be, distribution of that raw material and that such arrangements cannot be secured within a reasonable time by means of such consultation as aforesaid,

the Board shall make arrangements with any persons for them to undertake, whether as agents for the Board or otherwise, such importation or distribution of that raw material.

(2) The Board may, after consultation with such representative organisations as they consider appropriate, and if so directed by the Minister shall, make arrangements with such persons as the Board think fit for the importation into Great Britain by those persons, whether as agents for the Board or otherwise, of any iron and steel products (other than products intended for use as raw materials in the iron and steel industry), and for the sale by those persons of those products when imported:

Provided that the Board shall not exercise their power under this subsection and the Minister shall not give a direction under this subsection unless it appears to the Board or, as the case may be, to the Minister, after consultation with such representative organisations as the Board or the Minister consider or considers appropriate, that the supply of those products for use in Great Britain is or will shortly become inadequate.

(3) The persons with whom arrangements are made under this section may be companies formed for that purpose at the instance of the Board.

(4) Arrangements made by the Board under this section shall not, except with the consent of the Minister, provide for the sale of any imported materials or products at prices lower than the cost of their importation and distribution.

Miscellaneous and General

12.—(1) If and so far as existing arrangements appear to the Board to be inadequate, the Board shall take such steps as may from time to time appear to them, after consultation with such representative organisations as they consider appropriate, to be practicable and desirable for the promotion of—

(a) research relating to the iron and steel industry; and

(b) the training and education of persons employed or to

be employed in that industry.

(2) The powers of the Board shall extend to the making of grants and loans to persons undertaking any such research, training or education as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, but the Board shall not themselves undertake any such research, training or education.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

87

13.—(1) The Board shall, after consulting such representa- Part n tive organisations as they consider appropriate, prepare a scheme —com. for the provision, by means of periodical contributions by Provision of iron and steel producers, of funds required to meet any expen- hmds for diture of the Board incurred or to be incurred— Board.

(a) in the exercise and performance of their functions under

section eleven or section twelve of this Act or in the discharge of liabilities under the next following section;

(b) in respect of remuneration, allowances or pensions of

members of the Board; or

(c) in respect of the administrative expenses of the Board.

(2) The said scheme may require contributions to be made either by all iron and steel producers or by such class or classes of those producers as may be determined by or under the scheme; and the scheme shall provide for ascertaining the amounts of the contributions by such method as may be specified in the scheme, being a method which relates the amount of the contributions of any such producer to his output of, or capacity to produce, iron and steel products or to other matters directly concerning his production of those products; and the scheme may, in particular, provide for the variation of the contributions in accordance with such circumstances as may be so specified, and may make different provision for the payment of contributions by different classes of those producers.

(3) The said scheme may contain provisions for imposing, as respects any period, a limit on the amount to be raised by the Board by means of contributions under the scheme to meet the expenditure incurred or to be incurred by them during that period in respect of all the matters or any one of the matters included in subsection (1) of this section.

(4) The Board shall submit the said scheme to the Minister, and shall publish, in such manner as the Minister may approve, a notice stating that they have submitted the scheme and specifying a place where copies thereof may be obtained free of charge by iron and steel producers affected by the scheme, and further stating that objections in writing to the scheme should be sent to the Minister before the expiration of such time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the publication of the notice) as may be specified in the notice.

(5) The Minister shall consider any objections made to him before the expiration of the time so specified and may, if he thinks fit so to do, by order confirm the scheme either without modification or, after consultation with the Board, with such modification as he thinks fit, and, where he confirms the scheme, die scheme as confirmed shall come into force on such date as may be specified in the order.

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

88

Part II

—com.

Temporary

borrowings

and

investment by Board.

Furnishing of information to Board and Minister.

CH. 15

(6) The amount of any contribution payable by any person 'wider a scheme made under this section shall be a debt due by him to the Board.

(7) The scheme as so confirmed may be extended by a subsequent scheme, prepared and confirmed in like manner, so as to provide for any expenditure of the Board mentioned in subsection (1) of this section for which provision was not made by the original scheme, or may be otherwise varied, or may be replaced, by a subsequent scheme so prepared and confirmed.

14. —(1) The Board may borrow temporarily, by way of overdraft or otherwise, such sums as the Board may require for exercising and performing their functions under this Act.

(2) The Treasury may, if in their opinion any functions of the Board under this Act cannot otherwise be effectively exercised or performed, guarantee, in such manner and on such conditions as the Treasury think fit, the repayment of, and the payment of any interest on, any money borrowed by the Board under this section:

Provided that the amount outstanding in respect of the principal of loans guaranteed under this subsection shall not at any time exceed one million pounds.

(3) Any sums required to be paid by the Treasury for fulfilling any such guarantee as aforesaid shall be charged on and issued out of the Consolidated Fund, and any sums received by the Treasury in repayment of, or in respect of interest on, the sums so paid shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(4) Immediately after a guarantee is given under this section, the Treasury shall lay a statement thereof before each House of Parliament, and shall, as respects any financial year in which any sums are paid in fulfilment of any such guarantee or any repayment of such sums is made by the Board, lay before each House of Parliament an account of the sums so paid or repaid.

(5) The Board shall have power to invest, in such manner as they think fit, any moneys of the Board which are not for the time being required for any other purpose:

Provided that the Board shall not invest any moneys in securities of any company being an iron and steel producer. 15

15. —(1) The Board may by notice in writing require any iron and steel producer to furnish to the Board information and forecasts with respect to his output and stocks of, and capacity to produce, any iron and steel products, his consumption and stocks of, and arrangements for procuring, raw materials or fuel for producing any such products, or any other matters relating to the production of any such products but not relating directly

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

89

to the costs of production, being information and forecasts reasonably required by the Board for the purposes of their functions under this Act or by the Minister for the purposes of his functions under this Act.

(2) The Board shall so exercise their powers under the preceding subsection as to secure that, in such cases as may be defined by notice in writing, if any iron and steel producer, one of whose main activities forms part of the iron and steel industry, proposes to close down any works of substantial size used by him for the purpose of any activity forming part of the iron and steel industry, or any substantial group of production facilities in any such works as aforesaid, he shall inform the Board of the proposal as early as possible and shall in any event, unless the circumstances of the case make this impracticable, inform the Board not less than three months before the proposed date of closure.

(3) The Board or the Minister may by notice in writing require any iron and steel producer to furnish to the Board or, as the case may be, to the Minister—

(a) such information relating to the costs of production of

any products to which section eight of this Act applies as may reasonably be required by the Board for the purposes of their functions under this Act or by the Minister for the purposes of his functions under this Act; or

(b) such other information as may reasonably be required

by the Board for the purposes of their functions under section eight of this Act or, as the case may be, by the Minister for the purposes of his functions under section ten of (this Act,

and the notice may require any such information to be certified as correct by the auditors of the undertaking.

(4) The Board or the Minister may by notice in writing require any organisation appearing to the Board or, as the case may be, to the Minister to be representative of iron and steel producers and not to be an organisation wholly or mainly concerned with activities which are not included in the Third Schedule to this Act or are included in paragraph 4 or paragraph 6 of that Schedule, to furnish to the Board or, as the case may be, to the Minister such information relating to the activities of the organisation as may reasonably be required by the Board for the purposes of their functions under this Act or, as the case may be, by the Minister for the purpose of his functions under this Act, not being in either case functions relating to activities included

Part n

—cont.

90

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part n in the said paragraph 4 or paragraph 6, and the notice may —cont. require any such information to be certified as correct by the auditors of the organisation.

A notice under this subsection shall, in the case of an organisation which is not a body corporate, be served on, and take effect as a requirement on, such officer of the organisation as appears to the Board or, as the case may be, to the Minister to be appropriate.

(5) The Board may by notice in writing require any person engaged in the importation into Great Britain, as a common service for iron and steel producers or any group thereof, of raw materials for use by those producers, to furnish to the Board information relating to such importation as aforesaid or to the distribution of such raw materials when imported.

(6) The Board may by notice in writing require any iron and steel producer, or any such person as is mentioned in the last preceding subsection, to furnish to the Board such information as may reasonably be required by the Board for the purpose of giving advice or information to the Minister on any matters referred by him ito the Board under subsection (2) of section four of this Act.

(7) It shall be the duty of every person on whom a notice is served under this section to comply with the notice and, if he fails to do so, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds; and, if any default in respect of which any person is convicted under this subsection is continued after the conviction, he shall be guilty of a further offence punishable as aforesaid.

Annual report and accounts of Board, publication of statistics, etc.

16.—(1) The Board shall, as soon as may be after the end of each financial year of the Board, make a report to the Minister as to the exercise and performance of their functions under this Act in that year, and the report shall cover any particular matters on which the Minister has requested them to report, and the Minister shall lay a copy of every such report before each House of Parliament.

(2) The Board shall from time to time and whenever the Minister so requests furnish to the Minister a special report relating to the future development over a period of years of the iron and steel industry, prepared in the light of their consultations under subsection <1) of section five of this Act, and the Minister shall lay before each House of Parliament a copy of any such special report furnished under this subsection.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

91

(3) The Board shall keep proper accounts and other records Part n and shall prepare in respect of each financial year of the Board

a statement of the accounts of the Board in such form as the Minister may direct; and the accounts of the Board shall be audited by auditors to be appointed annually by the Board:

Provided that no person shall be qualified to be so appointed unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

the Society of Incorporated Accountants and Auditors;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of Trade.

(4) The Board shall make available to the public at a reasonable price copies of, and make available for inspection at their offices a copy of, the said statement of accounts and any report made by the auditors on that statement or on (he accounts of the Board.

(5) The Board shall compile and publish, or secure the compilation and publication of, such periodical statistics and reports relating to iron and steel products as may appear to them to be expedient.

(6) It shall be the duty of the Board to furnish to the Minister any information required by him for the purposes of any of his functions under this Act which is in their possession or which it is within their power to obtain.

17. It is hereby declared for the avoidance of doubt that any Operation of provision of this Part of this Act conferring or imposing functions •"? on the Board or the Minister operates in relation to companies subsidiaries of which are subsidiaries of the Agency constituted under Part the Agency and III of this Act, and companies and persons acting as agents for agents for the Minister, as it operates in relation to other persons: Minister.

Provided that the provision of production facilities under subsection (3) of section five of this Act shall not require the consent of the Board under section six thereof.

92

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Part in

Disposal of Assets of Iron and Steel Corporation of

Great Britain

Duty of Iron 18.—(1) There shall be a body to be called the Iron and

ffd Steel steei Holding and Realisation Agency (hereafter in this Act

RwJisSon referred to as " the Agency "), and it shall be the duty of the

Agency to Agency to secure, by the exercise of their powers under this

return iron and Act, the return to private ownership of the undertakings which

steel on the appointed day are owned by subsidiaries of the Agency:

undertakings

to private Provided that the Agency may discharge their duty under this ownership. section in such manner, and by such stages, and with such postponements of the sale of securities or other assets, as they may with the approval of the Treasury determine, and shall so discharge the said duty as to secure, without disregard to other relevant matters, that the consideration obtained from the disposal of assets is financially adequate, and pending the discharge of the said duty the Agency shall so exercise their powers as a holding company as to promote the efficient direction of their subsidiaries.

(2) The Agency shall consist of a chairman and not less than three nor more than six other members to be appointed by the Treasury.

(3) Every member of the Agency shall hold and vacate his office in accordance with the terms of his appointment and shall, on ceasing to be a member, be eligible for re-appointment:

Provided that any member may at any time by notice in writing to the Treasury resign his office.

(4) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed or being a member of the Agency so long as he is a member of the Commons House of Parliament.

(5) Before appointing a person to be a member of the Agency, the Treasury shall satisfy themselves that that person has no such financial or other interest as is likely to affect prejudicially the exercise or performance by him of his functions as a member of the Agency, and the Treasury shall also satisfy themselves from time to time with respect to every member of the Agency that he has no such interest; and any person who is, or whom the Treasury propose to appoint and who has consented to be, a member of the Agency shall, whenever requested by the Treasury so to do, furnish to them such information as the Treasury consider necessary for the performance by them of their duties under this subsection.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

93

(6) The Agency— Part HI

(a) shall pay to their members such remuneration (whether

by way of salary or fees) and such allowances as the Treasury may determine; and

(b) in such cases and to such extent as the Treasury may

determine, shall make provision for securing that persons who immediately before their appointment as members of the Agency had pension rights by virtue of a pension scheme applicable to their office or employment, continue to enjoy pension rights not exceeding in value those which they would have enjoyed if they had remained in the said office or employment during the period of their service as members of the Agency.

(7) The ,provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act (which relate to the procedure of, and other similar matters concerning, the Board and the Agency) shall, so far as they relate to the Agency, have effect with respect to the Agency.

19.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Agency Powers of shall have power to sell or otherwise dispose of any securities of a company which are for the time being vested in them. secuSwand

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, while any securi- companies, ties of a company are held by the Agency, they shall have all

such rights and may exercise all such powers in relation to the company as are by law vested in or exercisable by the holders of such securities, and in particular, without prejudice to the generality of this provision, the Agency may exercise their powers as a holding company for the purpose of procuring—

(a) any reorganisation or alteration of the share or loan capital of any subsidiary of the Agency, including the cancellation of securities and the issue of new securities;

(b) the sale or other disposal or the lease or hire of any assets of any subsidiary of the Agency;

(c) the winding up of any such subsidiary or the amalgama-

tion of any such subsidiary with any other company or companies.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Agency may acquire any securities of a subsidiary of the Agency.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Agency shall have power to form companies for the purpose of the sale or other disposal or lease or hire to those companies of any assets or securities of companies any of whose securities are held by the Agency, or of subsidiaries of such companies or of subsidiaries of the Agency.

94

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 B2

Part ID

—cont.

(5) The appropriate department may give directions to the Agency as to the exercise of their powers under this section, and the Agency shall comply with any such directions, and the Agency shall not exercise any of the powers mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, or in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (2) thereof, or in the two last preceding subsections, except in pursuance of directions of, or with the consent of, or in accordance with the terms of a general authority given by, the appropriate department.

(6) The appropriate department shall, in exercising their powers under the last preceding subsection, have regaid to the obligation of the Agency under the last preceding section to secure an adequate consideration for the assets disposed of in the discharge of their duty under that section; and. in deciding what would be an adequate consideration for any securities or other assets so disposed of, the appropriate department shall take all material factors into account including the physical assets, capital structure, reserves and trading prospects of the company in question, and the monetary and market conditions prevailing at the time of sale.

(7) Where the Agency propose, in the exercise of their powers under the preceding provisions of this section, to carry out any grouping or regrouping of the undertakings or parts of the undertakings of any subsidiaries of the Agency, the Agency shall consult with the Board before proceeding with the proposal, and, if the Board inform the Agency that the proposal would seriously prejudice the efficient, economic and adequate supply of iron and steel products, the Agency shall inform ithe appropriate department of the Board’s opinion and shall not proceed with the proposal unless ithe appropriate department thereafter direct them so to do; and the department shall only give such a direction as aforesaid if they have previously laid before each House of Parliament a statement setting out the proposal, the opinion of the Board and any other relevant circumstances, and a period of fourteen days has elapsed since the date on which the statement was laid.

In reckoning the said period of fourteen days, no account shall be taken of any time during which Parliament is dissolved or prorogued or during which both Houses are adjourned for more than four days.

(8) In this section the expression "the appropriate department" means the Treasury, except that, in relation to such matters as may from time to time be determined by the Treasury, it means the Minister; and the Treasury shall give notice to the Agency of any determination made by them under this section.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

95

20, —(1) The Agency may, with the consent of the Treasury Part in or in accordance with the terms of any general authority given

by the Treasury,— Other financial

. . , powers of

(a) make loans to any company whose securities are held Agency, to a substantial extent by the Agency or to any subsidiary of such a company or of the Agency;

(b) give guarantees to any person in respect of the principal of and the interest on any debts contracted or to be contracted by any such company or subsidiary as aforesaid;

(c) subscribe for any securities of any such company or

subsidiary as aforesaid; and

() acquire any assets of any such company or subsidiary

as aforesaid.

(2) The Agency may, with the consent of the Treasury or in accordance with the terms of any general authority given by the Treasury, borrow temporarily by way of overdraft or otherwise such sums as the Agency may require for the exercise and performance of their functions under this Act:

Provided that the aggregate of amounts outstanding in respect of sums so borrowed shall not at any time exceed ten million pounds.

(3) Any property of the Agency, other than the securities of any company or Government securities, shall, if it is not required for the exercise or performance of the functions of the Agency, be sold or otherwise disposed, of by the Agency.

21. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, all the rights Treasury to

and liabilities which, under the terms of issue of British Iron J.ake ?ver and Steel Three and a half per cent. Guaranteed Stock, Steel

1979-1981, outstanding at the appointed day, were immediately stock, before that day rights and liabilities of the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain shall, as from that day, be rights

and liabilities of the Treasury:

Provided that the Treasury shall not be required to establish or maintain any Redemption Fund Account or Interest Account in relation to any such stock, as provided in the Seventh Schedule to the Iron and Steel Act, 1949.

(2) As from the appointed day, the said stock shall be renamed Three and a half per cent. Treasury Stock, 1979-1981, but, notwithstanding anything in this section, shall be regarded as the same stock and held in the same right and on the same trusts and subject to the same powers, privileges, charges, restraints and liabilities as before, and any provision of any deed, will, disposition or other instrument which immediately before

96

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part m

—com.

Iron and Steel Realisation Account and other financial provisions.

the appointed day was applicable to British Iron and Steel Three and a half per cent. Guaranteed Stock, 1979-1981, shall continue to be applicable to the said stock as renamed.

(3) As from the appointed day, the said stock shall, subject to the transitional provisions contained in paragraph 14 of the First Schedule to this Act, be deemed for all purposes to have been created and issued under the National Loans Act, 1939, and that Act and any other enactment, regulation or rule relating to securities issued under that Act shall apply accordingly to the said stock.

22.—(1) There shall be established an Account to be called the Iron and Steel Realisation Account which shall be under the control and management of the Treasury, and there shall be paid into the said Account all moneys from time to time accruing to the Agency, less such sums as may with the consent of the Treasury be retained by the Agency for the exercise and performance of their functions under this Act.

(2) If the amount of the receipts of the Agency properly creditable to revenue account for any financial year of the Agency exceeds the amount of their outgoings properly chargeable to revenue account for that year, the Treasury shall pay the amount of the excess into the Exchequer out of the Iron and Steel Realisation Account.

(3) The Treasury may from time to time issue to the Agency out of the Iron and Steel Realisation Account such sums as the Agency may require for the exercise and performance of their functions under this Act.

(4) The Treasury may from time to time issue into the Iron and Steel Realisation Account out of the Consolidated Fund such sums, not exceeding in the aggregate one hundred and fifty million pounds, as appear to the Treasury to be required to enable them to make any payments or issues falling to be made out of the said Account under this Act.

(5) For the purpose of providing any sums to be issued under the last preceding subsection, or of providing for the replacement of any sums so issued, the Treasury may, at any time, if they think fit, raise money in any manner in which they are authorised to raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939, and any securities created and issued under this subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to be created and issued under that Act.

(6) Any moneys standing to the credit of the Iron and Steel Realisation Account which in the opinion of the Treasury are not required for the making of payments or issues out of the said Account under the preceding provisions of this section or

1953

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

Ch. 15

97

any other provision of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer Part in and shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct, and shall be applied by the Treasury in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as they think fit

(7) Any Government securities from time to time coming into the hands of the Agency shall be transferred to the Treasury, or to such nominees as the Treasury may appoint, and shall be cancelled or shall be applied by the Treasury in such manner as the Treasury think fit in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as they think fit.

(8) The Treasury shall, as respects each financial year, prepare an account of the transactions of the Iron and Steel Realisation Account, and of any securities transferred to or coming into the hands of the Treasury or their nominees under this section or any other provision of this Act, and of the disposal of those securities.

(9) Any account prepared under the last preceding subsection shall, on or before the thirtieth day of November next following the expiration of the financial year in question, be transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor General, who shall examine and certify the account and lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before each House of Parliament.

23.—(1) The Agency shall, as soon as possible after the end of Annual report each financial year of the Agency, make to the Treasury a report andaccounts on the exercise and performance of their functions during that J?1

year, and the Treasury shall lay a copy of every such report nrforaMtkm. before each House of Parliament.

(2) The Agency shall keep proper accounts and other records and shall prepare in respect of each financial year of the Agency a statement of accounts in such form as the Treasury may direct, and the accounts of the Agency shall be audited by auditors to be appointed annually by the Treasury:

Provided that no person shall be qualified to be so appointed unless he is a member of one or more of the following bodies:

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales;

the Society of Incorporated Accountants and Auditors;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland;

the Association of Certified and Corporate Accountants;

the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland;

any other body of accountants established in the United Kingdom and for the time being recognised for the purposes

D

98 Ch. 15 Iron and Steel , 1953 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Part m of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one hundred

—*conl* and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948, by the Board of

Trade.

(3) As soon as the accounts of the Agency have been audited, they shall send a copy of the statement of accounts referred to in the last preceding subsection to the Treasury together with a copy of any report made by the auditors on that statement or on the accounts of the Agency, and the Treasury shall lay a copy of every such statement and report before each House of Parliament

(4) The Agency shall furnish to the Treasury such information which is in their possession or which it is in their power to obtain as the Treasury may from time to time require for the purposes of their functions under this Act.

(5) The Agency shall, if and to the extent that the Treasury so direct, furnish to the Board such information in the Agency’s possession as the Board may require for the purposes of their functions under this Act

Compensation 24.—(1) The Minister shall by regulations require the pay-

to officers and ment by the Agency, in such cases and to such extent as may be specified in the regulations, of compensation to—

(a) persons who were officers or servants of a company at the time when it came into public ownership within the meaning of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and suffered or suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights in consequence of the company having become a publicly-owned company within the meaning of the said Act;

(b) persons who on the appointed day are officers or servants of a company which on that day becomes a subsidiary of the Agency, being officers or servants who suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights in consequence of the duty imposed on the Agency by section eighteen of this Act to secure the return to private ownership of the undertakings therein mentioned;

(c) persons who are officers or servants of the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain immediately before the appointed day and suffer loss of employment or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights in consequence of any provision of this Act.

(2) Different regulations may be made under this section in relation to different classes of persons, and any such regulations may be so framed as to have effect as from a date before the

1953

Iron and Steel Act91953

Ch. 15

99

making thereof, which may, in the case of regulations applying Part in to the persons mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding sub- —com. section, be before the appointed day:

Provided that so much of any regulations as provides that any provision (hereof is to have effect as from a date before the making thereof shall not place any person other than the Agency in a worse position than he would have been in if the regulations had been made to have effect only as from the date of the making thereof.

(3) Regulations made under this section—

(a) may prescribe the procedure to be followed in making

claims for compensation, and the manner in which and the person by whom the question whether any or what compensation is payable is to be determined; and

(b) may in particular contain provisions enabling appeals

from any determination as to whether any or what compensation is payable to be brought, in such cases and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by the regulations, before a referee or board of referees appointed by the Minister of Labour and National Service, after consultation with the Lord Chancellor or, where die proceedings are to be held in Scotland, after consultation with the Secretary of State,

and where any such provision is made as is specified in paragraph (6) of this subsection, the decision of the referee or board of referees shall be final.

(4) The Minister of Labour and National Service may, with the consent of the Treasury, pay out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) to any referee or to the members of any board of

referees appointed by him under this section such fees and allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine; and

(b) to persons giving evidence before any such referee or

board such allowances as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine.

(5) Nothing in the Arbitration Act, 1950, shall be construed as applying to any proceedings before a referee or board of referees appointed under this section by the Minister of Labour. and National Service.

25.—(1) If at any time it appears to the Treasury that the duty Dissolution of of the Agency under section eighteen of this Act has been Agency, substantially discharged, the Treasury may by order dissolve

100

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part in

—cont.

Exemption from stamp duty.

the Agency as from such date as may be specified in the order, and make such provision as appears to them to be necessary or expedient for winding up the affairs of the Agency.

(2) If, immediately before the dissolution of the Agency, the Agency have any property, rights, liabilities or obligations, the order shall make provision—

(a) for transferring them, by virtue of the order, to a Minis-

ter of the Crown or his nominees or agents and for the disposal thereof; and

(b) for the payment into the Exchequer or, as the order may

provide, into the Iron and Steel Realisation Account of sums transferred by or accruing under the order to any Minister of the Crown, and the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament or, as the order may provide, out of the said Account of any sums required to be provided for the purposes of the order.

(3) Any such order may make provision for the transfer to the Treasury or their nominees of Government securities transferred to or coming into the hands of any Minister of the Crown or his nominees or agents by or under the order, and for the cancellation of such securities or their application in redeeming or paying off debt.

(4) In this section the expression " Minister of the Crown " includes the Treasury, the Admiralty and the Board of Trade.

26.—(1) Stamp duty shall not be payable on any conveyance, agreement or assignment made or instrument executed solely for the purpose of giving effect to—

(a) a transfer of assets of the Agency;

(b) a transfer of assets of a subsidiary of the Agency to another such subsidiary or to the Agency; or

(c) a transfer of assets of a subsidiary of the Agency which

in the opinion of the Treasury is effected for the purpose of carrying out the duty of the Agency under section eighteen of this Act to secure the return to private ownership of the undertakings therein mentioned.

In this subsection " transfer " includes sale or other disposal, or lease or hire.

(2) Where a company is to be formed by the Agency, or the amount of the nominal share capital of a subsidiary of the Agency is to be increased, stamp duty shall not be chargeable in respect of so much of the nominal share capital of the company or, as the case may be, of the increase of the nominal share capital of the subsidiary as, in the opinion of the Treasury, is to

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

101

be issued while the company or subsidiary is or remains a sub- Part in sidiary of the Agency— —cant.

(a) as, or as part of, the consideration for the transfer of

any assets of the Agency or of any subsidiary of the Agency, or for the purpose of raising any money required to be paid as, or as part of, such consideration; or

(b) for the purpose of facilitating the performance by the

Agency of their duty under section eighteen of this Act

to secure the return to private ownership of the under-

takings therein mentioned.

(3) Section twelve of the Finance Act, 1895 (which requires Acts to be stamped as conveyances on sale in certain cases), shall not apply to the transfer of property by section one of this Act or by an order under the last preceding section, and stamp duty shall not be payable on any such order.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

27. No provision of this Act nor any consent, authority Application of direction, or arrangement given or made thereunder shall, for Moiwpolfcs the purposes of the proviso to subsection (1) of section two of

the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and Control) (inquiry and Act, 1948, be taken to authorise expressly the prevalence of Control) Act, conditions to which that Act applies, but for the purpose of determining whether any companies are inter-connected bodies corporate within the meaning of that Act the fact that those companies are subsidiaries of the Agency shall be disregarded.

28. —(1) It is hereby declared for the avoidance of doubt that. Status of except where the Board act as agent for the Minister under Board and section three of this Act, neither the Board nor the Agency

are to be regarded as the servant or agent of the Crown or as enjoying any status, immunity or privilege of the Crown, and no property of the Board or the Agency is to be regarded as property of, or held on behalf of, the Crown.

(2) Save as is-expressly provided by this Act with respect to stamp duty, nothing in this Act shall be deemed to exempt the Board or the Agency from liability to any tax, duty, rate, levy or charge whatsoever, whether general or local.

(3) The Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893, and section twenty-one of the Limitation Act, 1939, shall not apply to any action, prosecution or proceeding against the Board or the Agency, or for or in respect of any act, neglect or default done or committed by a servant or agent of the Board or Agency in his capacity as a servant or agent of theirs.

102

CH. 15

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part IV

—cont.

Enforcement of certain provisions by injunction.

r

29.—(1) No criminal proceedings shall lie in respect of any contravention of a requirement imposed under section six of this Act or any breach of the duty imposed by section eight of this Act, but civil proceedings shall lie, at the instance of the Board, for an injunction restraining any person—

(a) from providing or procuring the provision of additional

production facilities without the consent of the Board in a case where such consent is required under the said section six; or

(b) from charging for any iron and steel products prices greater than those determined by the Board for those products under the said section eight, in breach of his duty under that section,

in like manner as if the said requirement or duty were a contractual obligation of that person to the Board.

(2) Without prejudice to the powers of the court in relation to the grant of injunctions, where the court grants an injunction restraining any person from charging prices for any products greater than those determined by the Board for those products under the said section eight, the order of the court may be framed—

(a) so as to apply in respect of the sale by the defendant of any products in relation to which a determination of the Board under the said section is then in force;

ib)so as to apply not only to determinations of the Board then in force but also to subsequent determinations relating to any such products as aforesaid.

(3) Where any determination in force under the said section eight is one that has been made or varied in pursuance of an order of the Minister under section ten of this Act, the Minister as well as the Board may bring proceedings for an injunction for the purpose of enforcing that determination in like manner as if the duty imposed on any person by section eight of this Act in relation to that determination were a contractual obligation of that person to the Minister as well as to the Board.

(4) In any proceedings for an injunction restraining any person from charging prices for any products greater than those determined by the Board for those products under the said section eight, the court, if it is satisfied that the defendant has at any time charged for those products prices greater than those prescribed by the determination in question, may, whether or not it grants the injunction, order the defendant to pay to the Board such amount as may be agreed between the defendant and the plaintiff (whether the Board or the Minister), or as may be ascertained in such manner as may be directed by the court in accordance with rules of court, to represent the aggregate of

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

103

the amounts by which the prices charged by the defendant for the products in question in all the transactions in which the determination in question was contravened by him exceeded the maximum prices prescribed by the determination.

Any sums paid to the Board under any such order shall be treated by them as if they were sums paid by producers of the said products by way of contributions under a scheme made under section thirteen of this Act.

(5) Where it appears to the Minister that the exercise of powers under this subsection is necessary for the enforcement by the Board of any requirement imposed under section six of this Act or the enforcement by the Board or the Minister of any deter* mination under section eight of this Act, the Minister may authorise in writing such person as may be specified in the authority to exercise those powers in relation to the undertaking of any iron and steel producer so specified, and thereupon that person shall have the right, on production, if so required, of a duly authenticated document showing his authority, to inspect at any reasonable hour, at the premises where they are kept, books, records and other documents relating to the undertaking, but not including any books, records or documents solely relating to activities other than the production or sale of iron and steel products; and it shall be the duty of the person in charge of any premises where such books, records and documents are kept to produce them for inspection and to provide facilities at the premises for the taking of copies thereof and the making of extracts therefrom by the person carrying out the inspection.

(6) If any person fails to comply with the last preceding subsection, or in any way obstructs the exercise of rights under that subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to both such fine and such imprisonment:

Provided that, in the case of a second or subsequent offence, the maximum fine shall be two hundred pounds.

(7) In relation to proceedings in Scotland this section shall have effect with the substitution for references to an injunction of references to an interdict.

30.—(1) No information relating to any individual business, or to the interest of any person in any securities, obtained under this Act or the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, shall, without the previous consent in writing of the owner for the time being of that business or of that person, be published or disclosed unless—

(a) the publication or disclosure is required in connection with the execution or for the purposes of this Act or of that Act so far as it remains in force; or

Part IV

—COM.

Disclosure of information and false information.

104

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part IV — con

General provisions as to orders, regulations and consents.

(b) the publication or disclosure is required for the purposes of any proceedings under this Act or that Act or any report of those proceedings,

and, if any person publishes or discloses any information in contravention of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) If, with intent to deceive, any person produces, furnishes, sends or otherwise makes use of, for any of the purposes of this Act, or of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, so far as it remains in force, any book, account, estimate, return, declaration or other document which is false in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) If, in furnishing any information for the purposes of this Act or of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, so far as it remains in force, any person makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular, he shall be guilty of an offence.

(4) If any person commits an offence under this section, he shall—

(a) on summary conviction, be liable to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine; and

(b) on conviction on indictment, be liable to imprisonment

for a term not exceeding two years or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds or to both such imprisonment and such fine.

31.—(1) Any power of the Minister or the Treasury to make orders or regulations under this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and—

(a) no such statutory instrument giving effect to an order

under section three or section ten of this Act or to regulations under section twenty-four of this Act shall be made unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament;

(b) any other such statutory instrument, except an instru-

ment appointing a day under section one of this Act or making provision for defining the expression " financial year of the Board " or the expression " financial year of the Agency " under section thirty-four of this Act, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

1953

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

Ch. 15

105

(2) Any power of the Minister or Treasury to make an order Part IV under this Act, except an order confirming a scheme under section —corn. thirteen of this Act, shall be construed as including a power, exercisable in the like manner and subject to the like conditions,

to revoke or vary the order.

(3) Any order or regulations of the Minister or Treasury under this Act may contain such incidental and consequential provisions as may appear to him or them to be necessary or expedient for the purposes of the order or regulations.

(4) Any consent, authority or approval authorised to be given by this Act may be given either absolutely or subject to conditions and, except in the case of a consent under section six of this Act, may be revoked by the authority authorised to give it.

32. Any notice or other document required or authorised Service of by this Act to be served on or given to any person, other than notices and a company to which section four hundred and thirty-seven of documents‘ the Companies Act, 1948, applies, may be served or given by leaving it at or sending it by post to his place of business or,

if he has more than one, his principal place of business:

Provided that nothing in this section applies to any notice under paragraph 15 of the First Schedule to this Act.

33. —(1) There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Expenses of Parliament any administrative expenses incurred under this Act gfSJ?^.a,ld by the Minister or the Treasury, including such sums in respect of of the cost to the Board of acting as agent for the Minister Ministers, under section three of this Act as the Minister may, with die approval of the Treasury, determine.

(2) Save so far as is expressly provided, no provision of this Act conferring powers on the Minister, the Treasury or the Board shall be taken as affecting the exercise, in relation to any person as respects whom that power is exercisable, of any power conferred by or under any enactment other than this Act on any Minister of the Crown or Government department. 34

34. —(1) In this Act, except so far as the context otherwise Interpretation, requires—

" company " means a company within the meaning of the Companies Act, 1948, and a body incorporated by Royal Charter;

" the Consolidated Fund " means the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and includes die growing produce thereof;

D*

106

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part IV

" financial year of the Board " and " financial year of the Agency " mean a period of twelve months ending with a day to be prescribed by order of the Minister in the case of the Board or by order of the Treasury in the case of the Agency, so however that—

(a) an order prescribing such a day may make special provision as to the first financial year and may provide for it being a period greater or less than twelve months; and

(b) any amending order changing a prescribed day may make similar special provision as to the financial year immediately preceding the date on which the change becomes effective;

" functions " means powers and duties;

" Government securities " means any securities the principal of and interest on which are charged on the Consolidated Fund;

" holding company " shall be construed in accordance with section one hundred and fifty-four of the Companies Act, 1948;

"iron" and "steel" include, respectively, alloy iron and alloy steel containing in each case more than fifty-five per cent, of pure iron by weight;

" iron and steel industry " has the meaning assigned to it by section three of this Act;

" iron and steel producer " means a person carrying on in Great Britain a business comprising any of the activities included or deemed to be included in the Third Schedule to this Act;

" iron and steel products " means products of any of the activities included or deemed to be included in the Third Schedule to this Act;

"loan capital", in relation to a company, means the securities of the company which do not form part of its share capital;

"manufacturing purposes" includes the carrying out of building operations and works of construction or civil engineering and the treatment of products by any process;

* the Minister " means the Minister of Supply;

" officer " includes a managing director and a director whose functions are substantially those of a managing director or of an employee, but not any other director;

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

107

" pension ", in relation to any person, means a pension, whether contributory or not, of any kind whatsoever payable to or in respect of him, and includes a gratuity so payable and a return of contributions to a pension fund, with or without interest thereon or any other addition thereto;

" pension rights " includes, in relation to any person, all forms of right to or eligibility for the present or future payment of a pension to or in respect of that person, and any expectation of the accruer of a pension to or in respect of that person under any customary practice, and includes a right of allocation in respect of present or future payment of a pension;

" private ownership ", in relation to any undertaking owned on the appointed day by a subsidiary of the Agency, means—

(a) beneficial ownership by a body corporate as respects which the following condition is satisfied, namely that neither securities of that body nor securities of any holding company of that body are held to a substantial extent by or on behalf of the Crown or the Agency or any public authority or any subsidiary of the Crown or the Agency or any public authority; or

(b) beneficial ownership by an individual or ownership by a trustee holding on trust for the benefit of an individual, partnership or such a body corporate as aforesaid;

and any such undertaking as aforesaid shall be deemed to have returned to private ownership if all the works comprised in that undertaking on the appointed day which remain in operation are in private ownership;

" production facilities " means premises, plant or machinery used or proposed to be used for the carrying on of any activity included or deemed to be included in the Third Schedule to this Act, or for the quarrying or mining of manganese ore, or for the carrying on of any incidental activity (and, in particular, any activity relating to carbonisation) in connection with any activity included or deemed to be included in the said Schedule, or in connection with the quarrying or mining of manganese ore, and includes property or rights required for the quarrying or mining of iron ore or manganese ore;

" products ", in relation to any activity, means direct products of that activity, and does not include any byproducts thereof;

D* 2

PabtIV —cont.

108

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part tv —corn.

Application

Northern

Ireland.

" raw material " includes any thing used as material in producing any products, notwithstanding that that thing has itself already been subjected to any process or processes, and in particular includes, in relation to iron and steel products, iron or steel scrap;

" representative organisations " means such organisations as appear to the Board to be representative of iron and steel producers, of workers employed in the iron and steel industry, of persons using iron and steel products for manufacturing purposes or engaged in the merchanting of such products, of workers employed in the undertakings of such persons, or of any class of such producers, workers or persons as aforesaid;

" securities ", in relation to a body corporate, means any shares, stock, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock, mortgages, income notes, income stock, funding certificates and securities of a like nature;

" subsidiary " shall be construed in accordance with section one hundred and fifty-four of the Companies Act, 1948, subject to the modification that the reference to any body corporate shall include a reference to the Crown or any public authority;

44 whole-time member " means a member who is required by the terms of his appointment to devote himself exclusively or mainly to the performance of his duties as a member of the Board, and includes such a member notwithstanding that his appointment as a member of the Board may not be his only appointment;

44 works " means any mine or quarry or any factory within the meaning of the Factories Act, 1937, and, for the purposes of this Act, the extension, alteration or re-equipment of any works, or the replacement of any machinery or equipment therein, shall not be deemed to change the identity of the works.

(2) References in this Act to the provision of additional production facilities shall be construed as references to the provision of new production facilities and to the reconstruction or adaptation of, or making of additions to, existing production facilities, and references in this Act to the use of additional production facilities shall be construed as references to the use of new production facilities and of existing production facilities so reconstructed, adapted or added to.

35.—(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of this Act relating to the prices of iron and steel products, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland unless there is in force an Order in Council made in pursuance of a resolution passed by both

1953

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

Ch? 15

m

Houses of the Parliament of Northern Ireland directing that this Part IV Act shall extend to Northern Ireland; and any such Order in Council may be revoked by a subsequent Order in Council made in pursuance of such a resolution.

(2) While this Act extends to Northern Ireland by virtue of any such Order in Council, it shall have effect as if any reference to Great Britain (except when the reference is to the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain) were a reference to the United Kingdom.

(3) In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland by virtue of any such Order in Council, it shall have effect as if for any reference to summary conviction there were substituted a reference to conviction subject to and in accordance with the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and any Act (including an Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) amending that Act

(4) The provision of production facilities in Northern Ireland the cost of which is to be wholly or substantially defrayed out of moneys provided by the Parliament of Northern Ireland shall not require the consent of the Board under section six of this Act

(5) Nothing in this section shall restrict the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland to make laws with respect to any matter with respect to which that Parliament has power to make laws, and any laws made by that Parliament with respect to any such matter shall have effect notwithstanding anything in this Act as it applies to Northern Ireland by virtue of any such Order in Council.

36.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Iron and Steel Act, Short title 1953 and repeal

(2) Section fifteen of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951 (which contains certain provisions relating to the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain), shall cease to have effect as from the appointed day.

110

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Sections 1,21,32.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Transitional Provisions, etc.

Part I

Transitional Functions of the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain

1. Section one of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949 (which relates to the constitution of the Iron and Steel Corporation of Great Britain), and die First Schedule to that Act (which contains formal provisions as to the said Corporation), except paragraph 4 of that Schedule (which provides for the appointment of officers and servants), shall continue in force so long as the said Corporation remain in existence:

Provided that any remuneration or allowances payable to members of the said Corporation under the said section one on or after the appointed day shall be payable by the Agency instead of the said Corporation.

2. —(1) Subsections (1) to (4) of section thirty-eight of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949 (which relate to the accounts of the said Corporation), shall continue in force on and after the appointed day for the purpose only of securing that—

(a) the requirements of the said subsections are carried out in respect of the last complete financial year before the appointed day, if and so far as they have not been carried out before that day; and

(b) the said requirements are carried out in respect of the period

(if any) between the end of the said financial year and the appointed day, which period shall be treated for the purposes of the said section as if it were a complete financial year:

Provided that the provisions of the said section relating to a consolidated statement of accounts dealing with the state of affairs and profit and loss of the said Corporation and the publicly-owned companies as a whole, and the provisions thereof relating to copies of the accounts of the publicly-owned companies, shall not continue in force after the appointed day.

(2) The Agency shall make available to the said Corporation such facilities, and the services of such persons, as the said Corporation and their auditors may reasonably require for performing their duties under the said section thirty-eight on and after the appointed day, and the remuneration of the auditors shall be paid by the Agency.

3. It shall be the duty of the said Corporation to give to the Minister or the Treasury all such information, to prepare all such statements and records and to do all such other things as appear to the Minister or the Treasury necessary or expedient for facilitating the carrying into effect of the transfer provided for by section one of this Act and for facilitating the exercise and performance thereafter by the Agency of their functions under this Act.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

111

4. As from the appointed day, it shall be the duty of all persons 1st Sch. who at any time have been members or officers of the said Corporation —com. to furnish to the Minister, the Treasury or the Agency all such information as appears to the Minister or the Treasury to be necessary or expedient for the purposes mentioned in paragraph 3 of this Schedule.

Part II

Other Provisions

5. The Agency shall, in respect of any securities of a company which are transferred to them by section one of this Act, be entitled or subject, as from the appointed day, to the exclusion of the previous holders thereof, to all the rights, privileges and advantages, and all the liabilities and obligations, arising from the holding of those securities, in all respects as if the securities had been duly transferred to the Agency in accordance with the enactments and rules of law (other than this Act) applicable thereto, and everything necessary to make those rights, privileges, advantages, liabilities and obligations fully effective had been duly done; and, without prejudice to the preceding provisions of this paragraph, all persons concerned with the keeping of the register of the holders of any such securities shall forthwith register the Agency in that register.

6. Every agreement, whether in writing or not, including any agreement for the performance of personal services, to which the said Corporation were a party immediately before the appointed day, shall have effect as from the appointed day as if the Agency had been a party to the agreement and for any reference to the said Corporation there were substituted, as respects anything falling to be done on or after the appointed day, a reference to the Agency; and any other agreement (whether in writing or not) or document referring to the said Corporation shall be construed in accordance with the preceding provision so far as applicable.

7. —(1) The liabilities and obligations transferred to the Agency by section one of this Act include any liability or contingent liability of the said Corporation under section forty-nine of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, in respect of any cause of action arising before the appointed day, but, save as aforesaid, nothing in this Act shall be construed as applying the said section forty-nine to the Agency.

(2) A cause of action against a company arising under a contract made by that company shall be deemed for the purposes of this paragraph to have arisen when the contract was made.

(3) The Agency shall have the same right of indemnity against the company in question in respect of any liability incurred by the Agency under this paragraph as the Agency would have if that liability had been a liability under a guarantee entered into by the Agency at the request of that company.

8. Any legal proceedings pending immediately before the appointed day by or against the said Corporation (including arbitrations under the Iron and Steel Act, 1949) shall be continued on and after that day

112

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. with the substitution of the Agency for the said Corporation as a —cont. party to the proceedings.

9. Section thirteen of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949 (which relates to the disclaimer of agreements and leases), shall continue in force on and after the appointed day in relation to any agreement or lease with respect to which a notice of disclaimer has been given under that section and has not been revoked or become final.

10. Section fourteen of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949 (which relates to the effect of that Act on certain loan and other agreements), shall, so far as it is in force immediately before the appointed day, continue in force on and after that day, and any cause of action against a company arising under subsection (2) of that section shall be deemed for the purposes of paragraph 7 of this Schedule to have arisen before that day and the said paragraph (including sub-paragraph (3) thereof) shall apply accordingly; and any liability of the Corporation in respect of a claim for compensation under subsection (4) of that section shall become the liability of the Agency as from that day.

11. Nothing in this Act shall be taken to determine the appointment of a stockholders* representative appointed under section seventeen of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and, in relation to such a representative holding office at the appointed day and to meetings of the holders of securities whose interests are represented by him and matters incidental thereto, the said section seventeen and the Fifth Schedule to the said Act of 1949 shall continue to apply on and after the appointed day with the substitution (in the said section seventeen) for the reference to the said Corporation of a reference to the Agency.

12. Section twenty-five of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949 (which relates to the dissipation of assets), shall, in relation to any application thereunder pending immediately before the appointed day, continue in force on and after that day subject to the modifications that the first reference in subsection (3) to the Corporation shall be construed as including a reference to the Agency and for the subsequent reference in that subsection and the reference in subsection (5) to the Corporation there shall be substituted a reference to the Agency.

13. The provisions of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, relating to the Iron and Steel Arbitration Tribunal shall, in relation to any arbitration or right of arbitration pending or existing immediately before the appointed day under section thirteen, fourteen or twenty-five of the said Act, continue in force on and after that day with the substitution for any reference to the said Corporation of a reference to the Agency. 14

14. —(1) Any certificate issued or other thing done before the appointed day under or for the purposes of the Seventh Schedule to the Iron and Steel Act, 1949 (which contains provisions as to the issue, redemption, management and transfer of British Iron and Steel Stock), shall continue to have effect on and after that day in relation to Treasury Stock (as hereinafter defined) and shall be deemed to have been issued or done under or for the purposes of the corresponding enactment, regulation or rule relating to Treasury Stock.

(2) Paragraphs 23, 24 and 25 of the said Seventh Schedule (which contain transitional provisions) shall continue to have effect, on and

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

113

after the appointed day in relation to Treasury Stock, subject to the 1st Sch. following modifications:— —cons.

(a) the phrase " the stock *' shall be construed as meaning " the Treasury Stock " and references to a stock certificate or the

* stock certificate shall, in relation to Treasury Stock, be

construed as references to the appropriate certificate of title issued under regulations applicable to Treasury Stock;

(b) references to the said Corporation shall be construed as

references to the Bank of England;

(c) any provision specifically applying other provisions of the said Schedule shall be construed as applying, subject to necessary adaptations, corresponding provisions of enactments, regulations or rules applicable to Treasury Stock.

(3) In this paragraph " Treasury Stock " means Three and a half per cent. Treasury Stock, 1979-1981.

(4) Any sums standing to the credit of, and any investments representing, any redemption fund account within the meaning of the Seventh Schedule to the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, existing immediately before the appointed day shall, instead of being transferred by section one of this Act to the Agency, vest by virtue of this Act, on the appointed day, in the Treasury or such nominees as the Treasury may appoint, and paragraph 5 of this Schedule shall apply, in relation to the transfer of any securities by this sub-paragraph to the Treasury or their nominees, as it applies to the transfer of securities of a company to the Agency by section one of this Act; and the said sums and any sums accruing in respect of the realisation or income of the said investments shall be paid into the Account established under section twenty-two of this. Act, except that any Government securities may be cancelled.

15.—(1) Section fifty of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, and the Ninth Schedule to that Act (which relate to the constitution and proceedings of publicly-owned companies) shall continue in force on and after the appointed day with the substitution for references to the Corporation of references to the Agency and subject to the modifications hereinafter specified.

(2) In the said section fifty and the said Ninth Schedule as continued by this paragraph, and in the following provisions of this paragraph, the expressions " publicly-owned company " and " public ownership " have die meanings assigned to them by section fifty-nine of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949, with the substitution for references to the Corporation of references to the Agency.

(3) Any notice given or other thing done by the Corporation before the appointed day in relation to a company which on that day is publicly-owned shall, if in force immediately before that day, continue to have effect and be deemed to have been given or done by the Agency.

(4) Paragraph 1 of the said Ninth Schedule (which provides that publicly-owned companies shall not be deemed to be private companies, although they satisfy the necessary conditions) shall not apply to any company formed by the Agency.

(5) If a publicly-owned company exercises its right under paragraph 8 of the said Ninth Schedule to reduce its share capital by ordinary

114

Ch. 15

Iron and Steel , 1953

1 & 2 EUZ. 2

1st Sch. resolution and without confirmation by the court, the Agency or the

—cont- company shall, within fourteen days after the date of the publication

of the notice of the registration of the resolution under sub-paragraph (b) of the said paragraph 8, serve a notice on every person who at that date was a creditor of the company setting out the effect of the resolution and the creditor's rights under this paragraph, and if any such creditor, within twenty-eight days after that date, serves a notice on the Agency or the company, as the case may be, stating that he requires any debt specified in the notice, being a debt due to him from the company at the said date, to be guaranteed by the Agency, the Agency shall be under the like liability, and have the like rights, in relation to the creditor and the company, as if the Agency had guaranteed the payment of that debt by the company.

(6) If a notice required to be served on the creditor of a publicly-owned company under the last preceding sub-paragraph is not so served, the Agency shall be under the like liability, and have the like rights, in relation to the creditor and the company, as if the Agency had guaranteed the payment by the company of all debts due to the creditor from the company at the date referred to in the last preceding sub-paragraph.

(7) Any notice under this paragraph may be served by registered post.

16. Nothing in this Schedule shall be construed as continuing any rights in respect of the office of the chairman or any member of the said Corporation after the said Corporation cease to exist, but the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury direct the Agency to make to any person holding office as a member of the said Corporation immediately before the said Corporation cease to exist such payment by way of compensation for loss of office as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

17. Nothing in this Schedule shall be construed as continuing the office, or any rights in respect of the office, of the chairman or any of the members of the Iron and Steel Consumers’ Council constituted under section six of the Iron and Steel Act, 1949.

18. The provisions of this Schedule shall be without prejudice to the operation of subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, relating to the effect of repeals.

Sections 2,18. SECOND SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Iron and Steel Board and Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency

1. The Board and the Agency shall each be a body corporate with perpetual succession and a common seal and power to hold land without licence in mortmain.

2. The Board and the Agency may each act' notwithstanding a vacancy among their respective members.

3. —(1) The quorum of the Board shall be five or such number, not being less than five, as the Board may from time to time determine.

(2) The quorum of the Agency shall be three or such number, not being less than three, as the Agency may from time to time determine.

1953

Iron and Steel , 1953

Ch. 15

115

4. It shall be within the capacity of the Board and the Agency as 2nd Sch. statutory corporations to do such things and enter into such trans-

actions as are incidental or conducive to the exercise and performance of their functions under this Act.

5. —(1) Any person whom the Minister proposes to appoint, and who has consented to be, a member of the Board, shall before his appointment disclose to the Minister and, if he is appointed, shall as soon as possible disclose to the Board any financial or other interest held by him in any undertaking of an iron and steel producer or in any other business in which the use of iron and steel products for manufacturing purposes or the merchanting of those products or any raw materials used for the production of those products is an important activity or factor; and any member of the Board who acquires any such interest after his appointment shall disclose it as soon as possible to the.Minister and to the Board; and any disclosure to the Board under this sub-paragraph shall be made at a meeting of the Board and shall be recorded in the minutes of the Board.

(2) A member of the Board or the Agency who is in any way directly or indirectly interested in a contract made or proposed to be made by the Board or the Agency, as the case may be, shall, as soon as possible after the relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge, disclose the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Board or the Agency, as the case may be.

(3) Any disclosure made under the last preceding sub-paragraph shall be recorded in the minutes of the Board or the Agency, as the case may be, and the member—

(a) shall not take part after the disclosure in any deliberation or

decision of the Board or the Agency with respect to that contract; and

(b) shall be disregarded for the purpose of constituting a quorum of the Board or the Agency for any such deliberation or decision.

6. For the purposes of subsection (3) of section one hundred and sixty-one of the Companies Act, 1948 (which provides among other things that a person shall not be qualified for appointment as auditor of a company if he is an officer or servant, or a partner of or in the employment of an officer or servant, of a holding company of that company), the Agency shall be deemed not to be a holding company.

7. Subject to the preceding provisions of this Schedule, the Board and the Agency may each regulate their own procedure.

8. The Board and the Agency shall each appoint a secretary and may each appoint such other officers and such servants as they may determine, and any such appointment shall be made on such terms as to remuneration, allowances and pensions (if any) as the Board, or, as the case may be, the Agency may determine.

9. Where any officer or servant of the Board or of the Agency, being a participant in any pension scheme applicable to his office or employment, becomes a member of the Board or of the Agency, he may be treated for the purposes of the pension scheme as if his service as a member of the Board or of the Agency were service as an officer or servant of the Board or of the Agency, and his rights under the scheme shall not be affected by any provision of this Act which requires

116

2nd Sch. —coni.

Sections 3.6, 8, 9,15,34.

Ch. 15 Iran and Steel , 1953 1 & 2 2

that the pensions, if any, which are to be paid in the case of members of the Board or of the Agency are to be determined by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury or, as the case may be, ^re to be determined by the Treasury. >.m

10.—(1) The application of the seal of the Board shall be authenticated by the signatures of the chairman or some other member of the Board authorised by the Board to authenticate the application of the seal thereof, and of the secretary of the Board or some person authorised by the Board to act in his stead in that behalf.

(2) The application of the seal of the Agency shall be authenticated by the signatures of the chairman or some other member of the Agency authorised by the Agency to authenticate the application of the seal thereof, and of the secretary of the Agency or some person authorised by the Agency to act in his stead in that behalf.

11. Every document purporting to be an instrument issued by the Board or by the Agency and to be sealed as aforesaid or to be signed on behalf of the Board or the Agency, as the case may be, shall be received in evidence and shall be deemed to be such an instrument without further proof unless the contrary is shown.

THIRD SCHEDULE Iron and Steel Activities

1. The quarrying or mining of iron ore or the treatment or preparation of iron ore for smelting.

2. The smelting of iron ore in a blast furnace with or without other metalliferous materials, or the production of iron by any other process.

3. The production of steel by any process.

4. The casting of iron or steel by any process.

5. The rolling, with or without heat, of any iron and steel products for the purpose of reducing the cross-sectional area thereof.

6. The production, with or without heat, of iron or steel forgings, but not including—

(a) smiths* hand forging;

(b) the production of bolts, nuts, screws, rivets or springs;

(c) drop forging or any other stamping or pressing involving

the use either of a die conforming to the shape of the final product of the stamping or pressing, or of a series of dies one of which so conforms;

() the hammering or pressing of any part or component of plant or machinery carried out incidentally to, and by the persons engaged in, the manufacture or repair of the plant or machinery in which the part or component is to be incorporated.

7. The production from iron or steel of bright bars or of hot-finished tubes or of hot-finished pipes.

8. The production of tinplate or terneplate.

The production of pig iron and the production of steel in the form of ingots, slabs, blooms or billets shall be deemed not to fall within paragraph 4 of this Schedule but to fall within paragraph 2 or paragraph 3 thereof, as the case may be.

1953

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

Ch. 15, 16

117

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851 Interpretation Act, 1889 Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893 Finance Act, 1895 Factories Act, 1937 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 56 & 57 Vict. c. 61. 58 & 59 Vict. c. 16. 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 67.

Limitation Act, 1939 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 21.

National Loans Act, 1939 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 117.

Companies Act, 1948 Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

Control) Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 66.

Iron and Steel Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 72.

Arbitration Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 27.

Mineral Workings Act, 1951 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 60.

CHAPTER 16

An Act to abolish development charges under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, subject to certain savings and special provisions; to provide, subject to certain savings ana special provisions, that the payments required by sections fifty-eight and fifty-five of those Acts respectively shall not be made and to make certain provision as to claims for and rights to receive such payments; to make provision as to the acquisition of land by the Central Land Board under sections forty-three and forty of those Acts respectively; to revoke Regulation 6 of the Town and Country Planning (Modification of Mines Act) Regulations, 1948, and Regulation 5 of the Town and Country Planning (Modification of Mines Act) (Scotland) Regulations, 1948; to suspend the operation of section thirty of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[20th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of section three of this Act, Abolition of Part VII of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and Part VI du!^ment of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which cwir®e8.

118

Ch. 16

Town and Country

Planning Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

relate to development charges), shall not apply and shall be deemed never to have applied to operations begun on or after the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, or to uses of land instituted on or after that date.

(2) Where—

(a) a development charge has been determined before the said eighteenth day of November; or

(b) an application has been received by the Central Land Board for the determination of such a charge but no determination has been made before that date in pursuance of that application,

all the operations and uses covered by the determination or, as the case may be, by the application, shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to have been begun or instituted when the first operation so covered was begun or the first use so covered was instituted or, in the case of a determination or application covering both uses and operations, when the first operation was begun or the first use was instituted, whichever first occurred:

Provided that this subsection shall not, by virtue of paragraph (b) thereof, apply to any operations or uses covered by an application if, under proviso (b) or proviso (c) to subsection (1) of section seventy of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or under proviso (b) or proviso (c) to subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relate to operations or uses which the Board are not satisfied can be carried out or instituted within an appropriate period), the Board refuse (whether before or after the passing of this Act) to determine a development charge covering those operations or uses.

(3) Where (whether before or after the passing of this Act) a determination of the amount of the development charge payable in respect of the use of land for any purpose is, in pursuance of subsection (2) of section seventy-two of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or subsection (2) of section sixty-nine of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, so made as to cover a specified period only, the continuance of that use of that land after that period shall be deemed for the purposes of this section to be the institution of a new use.

(4) In the case of buildings or works authorised by planning permission granted for a limited period only, being a period expiring on or after the said eighteenth day of November, Part VII of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or Part VI of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, as the case may be, shall not apply and shall be deemed never to have applied to the retention of the buildings or works after the expiration of that period.

1953

Town and Country

Planning , 1953

Ch. 16

119

In this subsection " planning permission granted for a limited period only " includes a permission which, before the appointed day within the meaning of the said Acts, was granted under a planning scheme or under an interim development order and a determination which, before the said appointed day, was made under subsection (3) of section two of the Building Restrictions (War-Time Contraventions) Act, 1946, that any building or works should be deemed to comply with planning control within the meaning of that Act, being a permission or determination granted or made subject to conditions (in whatever form) restricting the period for which buildings or works might be retained on land.

(5) Any sum paid before the passing of this Act by way of development charge which, having regard to the provisions of this section, ought not to have been paid shall be repaid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

2.—(1) The payments directed to be made by section fifty-eight Provisions as of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and section fifty- to payments for five of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, i^^alueT of shall not be made, and those sections and, so far as they relate to payments under schemes under those sections, sections sixty-five, sixty-six and sixty-eight of the first mentioned Act and sections sixty-two, sixty-three and sixty-five of the second mentioned Act are hereby repealed:

Provided that—

(a) claims for such payments duly made to the Central Land Board under the said Acts shall be satisfied in such manner, in such cases, to such extent, at such times and with such interest as may hereafter be determined by an Act of Parliament passed for that purpose; and (Spending the coming into operation of such an Act, sections sixty to sixty-four of the first mentioned Act and sections fifty-seven to sixty-one of the second mentioned Act (which relate to the establishment of such claims as aforesaid and the transmission of the rights to which they relate), and any regulations made or instruments executed before the passing of this Act under or for the purposes of any of those sections, shall have effect as if—

(i) the preceding provisions of this section had not been passed; but

(ii) provision had instead been made by this section for postponing the date for the satisfaction of the payments until such date as Parliament might thereafter determine,

so, however, that in any instrument of assignment or assignation executed after the passing of this Act affecting any such claim as is mentioned in paragraph (< ) of this proviso, the subject matter of the assignment or

120

Ch. 16

Town and Country

Planning Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

assignation may be described in any terms which are appropriate having regard to the said preceding provisions.

(2) The proviso to subsection (2) of section sixty-four of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, and the proviso to subsection (2) of section sixty-one of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which provide for invalidating assignments and assignations unless notice is given within a prescribed period to the Central Land Board), shall not apply and shall be deemed never to have applied to any assignment or assignation, whether made or granted before or after the passing of this Act, affecting any such claim as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) of this section, but, subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section, no such assignment or assignation shall be of any effect unless and until it has been approved in writing by the Central Land Board.

(3) In the exercise of their powers under subsection (2) of this section the Central Land Board shall act with a view to securing that, as far as may be, any such claim made in respect of an interest in land enures either wholly for the benefit of some person having an interest in all that land or, to the appropriate extent (but only to the appropriate extent), for the benefit of some person having an interest in part only of that land; and where any assignment or assignation (whether made or granted before or after the passing of this Act) either—

(a) only operates to transfer the beneficial interest in a claim made in respect of an interest in land to the person beneficially entitled to that interest in that land or to some interest in which that interest merges by virtue of the same instrument or as part of the same transaction or has already merged; or

(b) does not operate to transfer any beneficial interest in the claim; or

(c) was made or granted before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, the approval of the Central Land Board shall not be necessary if, whether before or after the passing of this Act, notice in writing of the assignment or assignation is given to the Central Land Board not later than one month after the passing of this Act or, if the assignment or assignation was made or granted after the passing of this Act, not later than one month from the date of the making or granting thereof.

Savings and 3.—(l) The following provisions, that is to say—

c^risions. fa) the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 (which provides that compensation for the revocation or modification of permission to develop land shall not be payable in

1953

Town and Country

Planning Act, 1953

Ch. 16

121

respect of any depreciation in the value of an interest in the land unless either a development charge has been paid or, by virtue of any of the provisions of Part VII of that Act, no such charge is payable);

(b) subsection (4) of section fifty-one of that Act (which provides that compensation on compulsory acquisition shall be calculated as if certain planning permissions had not been granted, unless either a development charge has been paid or, by virtue of any of the provisions of Part Vm of that Act, no such charge is payable); and

(c) the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty of, and subsection (4) of section forty-eight of, the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (being the provisions as respects Scotland corresponding to the provisions mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this subsection),

shall have the same operation as they would have had if section one of this Act had not passed and development charges had been payable accordingly, and accordingly—

(i) the references in the said provisions to cases where a sum

has been paid by way of development charge shall be deemed not to include references to cases where a sum has been paid by way of development charge but, by virtue of section one of this Act, that sum has been or falls to be repaid; and

(ii) the references in the said provisions to cases where, by virtue of any of the provisions of Part Vm of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or, as the case may be, Part VII of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, no development charge is payable shall be deemed to include references to cases where, if the said section one had not passed, a development charge would have been payable but for some provision of the said Part VIII or the said Part VII.

(2) Nothing in section one of this Act shall entitle any person to the repayment of any sum paid before the passing of this Act by way of development charge in respect of any development of land within the meaning of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, where, after the payment, the value of his interest in that land has, for the purposes of the compulsory acquisition thereof, been calculated under subsection (4) of section fifty-one of the first-mentioned Act or under subsection (4) of section forty-eight of the second-mentioned Act on the basis that development charge has been paid, and compensation for the compulsory acquisition has been or falls to be paid accordingly.

122

Ch. 16

Town and Country

Planning Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(3) Where—

(a) any sum or sums has or have been paid before the passing of this Act by way of development charge in respect of any development of land within the meaning of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947; and

(b) after the payment, compensation has been or falls to be paid to a person under subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the first-mentioned Act or under subsection (1) of section twenty of the second-mentioned Act in respect of loss or damage consisting of the depreciation in value of his interest in that land by virtue of the revocation or modification of permission for that development; and

(c) but for the provisions of this subsection, the said sum or sums would have fallen to be repaid to that person under section one of this Act,

the repayment of the said sum or sums under the said section one shall be restricted to the amount, if any, by which it or they exceeds or together exceed the said compensation.

(4) Where, before the eighteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, the Central Land Board have, under section forty-three of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or section forty of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, entered into an agreement for the acquisition of land or served any notice to treat for the acquisition of land, the agreement or, as the case may be, the compulsory purchase order in pursuance of which the notice was served shall have the same effect as it would have had if this Act had not passed, but, save as aforesaid, the Central Land Board shall not acquire any land under those sections and any approval or authority given by the Minister or the Secretary of State under either of those sections for the acquisition of land by the Central Land Board shall be of no effect.

(5) Pending the coming into operation of such an Act as is referred to in paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (1) of section two of this Act, the Mineral Development Charge Set-Off Regulations, 1951, the Mineral Development Charge Set-Off (Scotland) Regulations, 1951, and, in relation to ironstone to which the first mentioned Regulations apply, section six of the Mineral Workings Act, 1951, shall have effect as if section one of this Act had not been passed, and as if, instead of the provision made by subsection (1) of section two of this Act, provision had been made by that section for a postponement of the date for the satisfaction of the payments referred to in that subsection until such date as Parliament might thereafter determine.

1953

Ch. 16,17

123

Town and Country

Planning A, 1953

(6) Regulation 6 of the Town and Country Planning (Modification of Mines Act) Regulations, 1948, and Regulation 5 of the Town and Country Planning (Modification of Mines Act) (Scotland) Regulations, 1948, (which provide that in certain cases the compensation or consideration for a right to work minerals which is granted under the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, shall be assessed having regard to the amount of the compensation which would be payable for a compulsory acquisition of the minerals), shall not apply to any determination of compensation or consideration made after the passing of this Act

(7) Until Parliament otherwise determines—

(a) no application shall be made under section thirty of the

Mineral Workings Act, 1951, for the variation of the provisions of any such mining lease as is therein referred to; and

(b) no order shall be made under the said section thirty on

any application made thereunder before the passing of this Act

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Town and Country Short title and Planning Act 1953. extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923 Building Restrictions (War-Time Contraventions) Act, 1946 Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 Mineral Workings Act, 1951 13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 20. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 35. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 60.

CHAPTER 17

White Fish and Herring Industries , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS White Fish Industry

Section

1. Grants by the Authority towards new vessels and engines.

2. Provisions relating to grants under section one.

3. Borrowing by and advances to the Authority.

4. White Fish Marketing Fund.

5. White fish subsidy.

124 Ch. 17 White Fish and 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Herring Industries Act, 1953

Herring Industry

Section

6. Grants by the Board towards new vessels and engines.

7. Borrowing by and advances to the Board.

8. Grants to the Board for promotion of herring sales, etc.

9. Allowances of members of the Advisory Council.

10. Extension of functions of the Minister of Food.

General

11. General provisions relating to schemes and orders.

12. Accounts of grants under sections one and six.

13. Interpretation.

14. Consequential amendments and repeals.

15. Application to Northern Ireland.

16. Short title, citation and commencement.

Schedule.—Amendments and repeals.

An Act to provide for the payment out of moneys provided by Parliament of grants in respect of the acquisition of new vessels and engines for use in the white fish and herring industries, and of a subsidy in respect of white fish; to extend the power to make loans out of such moneys to the White Fish Authority and the Herring Industry Board, and the power to make grants out of such moneys to that Board for the promotion of the sale of herring and other purposes; and otherwise to amend the enactments relating to the said industries.

[20th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

White Fish Industry

Grants by the 1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and the next following

Authority section, the White Fish Authority may, in accordance with a ve«dsandW s®*1®111® made by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury engines? after consultation with the Authority, make to persons engaged or proposing to become engaged in the white fish industry in Great Britain grants in respect of expenditure incurred—

(a) in the acquisition of new fishing vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length;

(b) in the acquisition of new engines for fishing vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length,

of such amounts and subject to such conditions as may be determined by or under the scheme.

1953

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

Ch. 17

125

(2) Hie aggregate amount of the grants which may be made in pursuance of a scheme or schemes under this section shall not exceed nine million pounds; and no grant shall be so made except in pursuance of an application approved by the Authority in accordance with such a scheme before the expiration of the period of ten years beginning with the date of the passing of this Act.

(3) For the purposes of this section a person shall be deemed to be engaged in the white fish industry in Great Britain if he carries on the business of operating one or more vessels registered in Great Britain (of whatever size and in whatever way propelled) for the catching or landing of white fish as defined by section nineteen of the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951.

(4) Any sums required by the Authority for the payment of grants under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament; and any sums received by the Authority by way of refund of any such grant in accordance with conditions attached thereto shall be paid into the Exchequer.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the amount Provisions of the grant which may be made in pursuance of a scheme under relating to section one of this Act in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a vessel shall not exceed the following amount, that is to say: —

(a) where the said expenditure does not exceed twenty

thousand pounds and the grant is made to an individual who satisfies the Authority that he is or is to be a working owner of the vessel, three-tenths of the said expenditure or five thousand pounds, whichever is the less;

(b) in any other case, one-quarter of the said expenditure.

(2) No grant shall be made in pursuance of a scheme under the said section one in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of an engine for a vessel except to an individual who satisfies the Authority that he is or is to be a working owner of the vessel; and the amount of the grant which may be made in respect of any such expenditure shall not exceed three-tenths of that expenditure or one thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, whichever is the less.

(3) Where any expenditure in respect of which a grant may be made in pursuance of a scheme under the said section one is shared by two or more persons, the amount of the grant which may be so made to any one of those persons shall not exceed such fraction of the grant which could be made to him if he had incurred the whole of that expenditure as is proportionate to his actual share of that expenditure.

126

CH. 17

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

1 & 2Bliz. 2

(4) No grant shall be made in pursuance of a scheme under the said section one in respect of expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a vessel or engine unless the Authority are satisfied that the contract for the building of the vessel, or for the supply of the engine, as the case may be, was made after the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-two.

(5) In this section " working owner ", in relation to a vessel, means a person who, being the owner or one of the owners of the vessel, regularly goes to sea in it when it is used for the purpose of fishing.

Borrowing by 3.—(1) The limit of fifteen million pounds imposed by sub-

and advances section (2) of section fifteen of the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951, Authority. upon the outstanding amount of the sums which may be borrowed by the Authority under that subsection shall be raised to twenty-five million pounds.

(2) The limit of ten million pounds imposed by subsection (1) of section seventeen of the said Act upon the outstanding amount of the sums which may be advanced by the Ministers to the Authority under that subsection shall be raised to twenty million pounds.

(3) The period of ten years from the passing of the said Act of 1951 during which—

(a) sums may <be advanced as aforesaid under subsection (1)

of the said section seventeen; and

(b) grants for purposes of research or experiment may be

made to the Authority under subsection (2) of that section,

shall be extended until the expiration of ten years after the passing of this Act.

(4) The provisions of subsection (1) of the said section seventeen shall not be construed as extending the powers of the Authority to borrow money under subsection (2) of the said section fifteen.

White Fish 4.—<1) So much of any sums to be advanced to the White Fish

Marketing Authority under subsection (1) of section seventeen of the Sea Fund# Fish Industry Act, 1951, as is required for the undertaking of

operations involving the outlay of working capital shall be paid into a fund (to be called the White Fish Marketing Fund) which shall be established in accordance with directions given by the Treasury and shall be under the control and management of the Ministers.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of the said section seventeen, any stuns received by the Ministers by way of repayment of principal of an advance made out of the White

1953

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

Ch. 17

127

Fish Marketing Fund shall, if received before the expiration of the period of ten years beginning with the passing of tins Act, be paid into that Fund; but the Ministers may at any time repay out of the said Fund into the Exchequer any sums so paid into that Fund.

(3) If it is shown to the satisfaction of the Ministers and the Treasury that any sum representing the principal of an advance made out of the White Fish Marketing Fund or part of such an advance cannot be repaid, the Treasury may direct that the liability of the Authority to the Ministers shall be reduced to the extent of that sum.

(4) The Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries shall prepare, in such form and manner and at such times as the Treasury may direct, an account of the sums received into and paid out of the White Fish Marketing Fund in each financial year.

(5) On or before the thirtieth day of September in each year, the said account and, in a case where the Treasury have directed under subsection (3) of this section that the liability of the Authority to the Ministers shall be reduced, a statement of the reasons for that reduction, shall be transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor-General, who shall examine and certify the account and lay copies thereof, together with his report thereon, before both Houses of Parliament.

(6) As soon as may be after the expiration of the period of ten years beginning with the date of the passing of this Act, the White Fish Marketing Fund shall be wound up in accordance with directions given by the Treasury, and any sums then standing to the credit thereof shall be paid into die Exchequer.

5.—(1) With a view to promoting the landing in the United White fish Kingdom of a continuous and plentiful supply of white fish, 8ubsidy* the appropriate Minister may, in accordance with a scheme made by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury, make grants to the owners or charterers of fishing vessels engaged in catching such fish (being vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length and registered in the United Kingdom) of such amounts, and subject to such conditions, as may be determined by or under the scheme.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, a scheme made thereunder may provide for the payment of grants in the case of any vessel, in respect of white fish landed in the United Kingdom from the vessel during a period prescribed by die scheme or in respect of voyages made during such a period by

v^,

128

Ch. 17

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Grants by the Board towards new vessels and engines.

the vessel for the purpose of catching such fish and landing them in the United Kingdom or in respect of white fish so landed and of voyages so made; but no such grant shall be made—

(a) in respect of a voyage beyond the inshore, near and middle waters as defined by this section; or

(b) in respect of fish taken (whether within those waters or not) in the course of such a voyage.

(3) The period prescribed for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section by any scheme made thereunder shall not extend beyond the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-eight, and shall not in the case of the first such scheme exceed two years.

(4) The aggregate amount of the grants made in pursuance of schemes under this section shall not exceed seven million five hundred thousand pounds or such greater sum (not exceeding ten million pounds) as may be prescribed by an order made by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury.

(5) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them, that is to say—

" the appropriate Minister " means, in relation to Scotland the Secretary of State concerned with the sea fishing industry in Scotland, and in relation to the remainder of the United Kingdom the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, and " the Ministers " means the said Secretary of State and the said Minister;

" the inshore, near and middle waters " means waters within the sea area bounded on the north by the parallel of the sixty-third degree of latitude north, on the west by the meridian of the seventeenth degree of longitude west, and on the south by the parallel of the forty-third degree of latitude north;

" white fish " does not include shellfish, but except as aforesaid has the same meaning as in Part I of the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951.

(6) Any expenses incurred by the appropriate Minister in the making of grants under this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Herring Industry

6.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Herring Industry Board may, in accordance with a scheme made by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury after consultation with the Board, make to persons engaged or proposing to become engaged in the herring industry grants in respect of expenditure incurred—

(a) in the acquisition of new fishing vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length;

1953 White Fish and Ch. 17 129

Herring Industries Act, 1953

(b) in the acquisition of new engines for fishing vessels not exceeding one hundred and forty feet in length,

of such amounts and subject to such conditions as may be determined by or under the scheme.

(2) The aggregate amount of the grants which may be made in pursuance of a scheme or schemes under this section shall not exceed seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, and no grant shall be so made except in pursuance of an application approved by the Board in accordance with such a scheme before the expiration of the period of ten years beginning with the date of the passing of this Act.

(3) The provisions of section two of this Act shall apply to grants made by the Board under this section as they apply to grants made by the White Fish Authority under section one of this Act, and references in those provisions to the Authority and to the said section one shall be construed accordingly.

(4) For the purposes of this section a person shall be deemed to be engaged in the herring industry if he carries on the business of operating one or more boats (as defined by the Herring Industry Act, 1935) registered in Great Britain for the catching or landing of herring.

(5) Any sums required, by the Board for the payment of grants under this section shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament; and any sums received by the Board by way of refund of any such grant in accordance with conditions attached thereto shall be paid into the Exchequer.

7.—(1) The limit of two million five hundred thousand pounds Borrowing by imposed by section seven of the Herring Industry Act, 1935, advices upon the outstanding amount of the sums which may be bor-to me Board-rowed by the Board under that section shall be raised to four million pounds.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the said section seven, the Ministers may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, advance to the Board on such terms as the Treasury may approve any sums required to be borrowed by the Board during the period of ten years beginning with the date of the passing of this Act for any purpose approved by the Ministers and the Treasury, so long as the total amount outstanding at any time of the sums advanced to the Board under this subsection or under subsection

(1) of section four of the Herring Industry Act, 1944, does not exceed three million five hundred thousand pounds.

(3) All sums received by the Ministers by way of interest on an advance made under subsection (2) of this section or made under subsection (1) of the said section four and (except as

E

130

Ch. 17

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Grants to the Board for promotion of herring sales, etc.

Allowances of members of the Advisory Council.

Extension of functions of the Minister of Food.

otherwise provided by subsection (5) of this section) all sums so received by way of repayment of the principal of such an advance, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(4) So much of any sums to be advanced to the Board under subsection (2) of this section as is required for the making of loans in connection with export, or for the undertaking of operations involving the outlay of working capital, shall be paid into the Herring Marketing Fund established under section four of the Herring Industry Act, 1944, which shall be under the control and management of the Ministers.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of this section, any sums received by the Ministers by way of repayment of the principal of sums advanced to the Board out of the Herring Marketing Fund shall, if received before the expiration of the period of ten years beginning with the date of the passing of this Act, be paid into that Fund; but the Ministers may at any time repay out of the said Fund into the Exchequer any sums so paid into that Fund.

(6) The accounts and statements required by subsection (6) of section four of the Herring Industry Act, 1944, to be transmitted to the Comptroller and Auditor-General shall be so transmitted on or before the thirtieth day of September in each year.

(7) Subsections (1) to (3) of the said section four are hereby repealed.

8. The limit of one million five hundred thousand pounds imposed by subsection (1) of section five of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1948, upon the aggregate amount of the grants which may be made out of moneys provided by Parliament under that subsection in respect of expenses incurred by the Board for promoting the sale of herring and other purposes specified therein shall be raised to three million pounds; and the period during which expenses qualifying for such grants must be incurred by die Board shall be extended from the second day of August nineteen hundred and fifty-four until the expiration of ten years after the passing of this Act.

9. There shall be paid to the members of the Herring Industry Advisory Council out of moneys provided by Parliament such allowances as the Ministers, with the approval of the Treasury, may determine. 10

10. Throughout the Herring Industry Acts, 1935 to 1948, the expression " the Ministers " shall include the Minister of Food.

1953

White Fish and

Herring Industries , 1953

Ch. 17

131

General

11. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any power to make a scheme under this Act shall include power to vary or revoke that scheme by a subsequent scheme.

(2) A scheme under this Act shall not be so varied or revoked as to affect the payment of grant in pursuance of an application approved under the scheme before the coming into operation of the subsequent scheme; and a scheme under section five of this Act shall not be varied by extension of the period prescribed for the purposes of subsection (2) of that section.

(3) Any power of the Ministers to make a scheme under this Act or an order under section five of this Act, shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(4) A scheme under this Act shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of each House of Parliament; and an order under section five of this Act shall be of no effect until it is approved by a resolution of the Commons House of Parliament

12. —(1) The White Fish Authority and the Herring Industry Board shall respectively keep such accounts with respect to grants made by them under section one or section six of this Act as may be directed by the Ministers with the approval of the Treasury, and shall prepare in respect of each financial year a statement of the accounts in such form and giving such information as may be so directed.

(2) The said accounts for each financial year shall be audited (in accordance with a scheme of audit approved by the Ministers), and the statements certified, by the persons appointed in respect of that year to audit the other accounts of the Authority or the Board, as the case may be; and the auditors shall be furnished by the Authority and the Board with copies of their respective statements.

(3) The auditors shall in each case furnish the Ministers with copies of the said statement of accounts together with their report thereon, and the copies and the report shall be sent by the Ministers to the Comptroller and Auditor General not later than the thirtieth day of September following the end of the financial year to which the accounts relate.

(4) The Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine the said statements of accounts and the reports sent to him under the last foregoing subsection and may inspect the accounts kept by the Authority or the Board with respect to grants made by

General provisions relating to schemes and orders.

Accounts of grants under sections one and six.

132

Ch. 17

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Interpretation.

Consequential amendments and repeals.

Application to Northern Ireland.

them under section one or section six of this Act, and shall certify each statement and lay a copy of it together with his report thereon before Parliament.

13. —(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" the Authority " means the White Fish Authority;

" the Board " means the Herring Industry Board;

" the Ministers " (except in section five and in relation to a scheme or order under that section) means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries, the Secretary of State concerned with the sea fishing industry in Scotland and the Minister of Food.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, the length of any vessel shall be deemed to be its length as calculated for the purposes of registration under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

(3) Any reference in this Act to expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a new vessel includes a reference to expenditure incurred in the acquisition of any equipment required for the sailing of the vessel which is sold with the vessel; and any such reference to expenditure incurred in the acquisition of a new engine for a vessel includes a reference to expenditure incurred in the installation of the engine in the vessel.

(4) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment, including this Act

14. —(1) The enactments specified in Part I of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in the second column of that Part, being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this Act.

(2) The enactments specified in Part II of the said Schedule (being enactments which, to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule, are superseded by this Act or otherwise obsolete) are hereby repealed to the extent so specified. 15

15. —(1) Section twenty of the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951 (which provides for the extension of Part I of that Act to Northern Ireland) shall have effect as if the following provisions of this Act, that is to say: —

(a) sections three and four;

(b) section thirteen so far as it applies to the said sections

three and four; and

1953

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

Ch. 17

133

(c) section fourteen and the Schedule so far as they relate to the said Act of 1951,

were contained in the said Part I and had been extended to Northern Ireland (without modification) by an Order in Council under the said section twenty; and the power of Her Majesty to revoke or vary an Order in Council under that section shall accordingly include power to repeal or amend the provisions of this subsection.

(2) Subsections (2) to (4) of section fifteen of the Herring Industry Act, 1935 (which contain consequential provisions relating to the extension of that Act to Northern Ireland) shall have effect as if the following provisions of this Act, that is to say:—

(a) sections seven to ten;

(b) section thirteen so far as it applies to the said sections

seven to ten; and

(c) section fourteen and the Schedule so far as they relate

to the Herring Industry Acts, 1935 to 1948,

were contained in that Act and had been extended to Northern Ireland under subsection (1) of the said section fifteen.

(3) Sections one, two, six and twelve of this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

16.—(1) This Act may be cited as the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953.

(2) Sections one to four of this Act, section twelve so far as it relates to the White Fish Authority, section eleven and section thirteen so far as they apply to the provisions aforesaid, section fourteen and the Schedule so far as they relate to the Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951, and subsection (1) of section fifteen, may be cited with Part I of the last-mentioned Act, as die White Fish Industry Acts, 1951 and 1953.

(3) Sections six to ten of this Act, section twelve so far as it relates to the Herring Industry Board, section eleven and section thirteen so far as they apply to the provisions aforesaid, section fourteen and the Schedule so far as they relate to the Herring Industry Acts, 1935 to 1948, and subsection (2) of section fifteen, may be cited with the last-mentioned Acts as the Herring Industry Acts, 1935 to 1953.

(4) This Act shall come into force one month after the date on which it is passed.

Short title, citation and commencement.

134

Ch. 17

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE

Amendments and Repeals Part I

Consequential Amendments Enactment Amendment

The Herring Industry Act, In section seven, for the words 44 two 1935, 25 & 26 Geo. 5. million and five hundred thousand c. 9. pounds " there shall be substituted the

words " four million pounds

In section ten, in subsection (1), after the words "section four of the Herring Industry Act, 1944" there shall be inserted the words 44 or section seven of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953

In section fourteen, in subsection (1), at the end of the definition of 44 the Ministers4* there shall be added the words 44 and the Minister of Food

Sections 14,15, 16.

The Herring Industry Act, 1944, 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 32.

The White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1948, 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 51.

In section four, in subsection (4), for the words 44 subsection (1) of this section * there shall be substituted the words 44 subsection (4) of section seven of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953 in subsection (6), for the words 44 thirtieth day of November * there shall be substituted the words 44 thirtieth day of September *; and in subsection (7), for the words from "the period’* to "this Act’’ there shall be substituted the words 44 the period of ten years beginning with the date of the passing of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953 *\

In section five, in subsection (1), for the words44 with the second day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four * there shall be substituted the words 44 ten years after the passing of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953 ", and for the words "one million five hundred thousand pounds " there shall be substituted the words44 three million pounds".

In section ten, for the words 44 sections two and five " there shall be substituted the words 44 section two ", and for the words 44 sections seven " there shall be substituted the words 44 sections five, seven ",

1953

White Fish

Herring Industries , 1953

Ch. 17

135

The Sea Fish Industry Act, In section fifteen, in subsection (2), for 1951, 14 & 15 Geo. 6. the words "fifteen million pounds" c. 30. there shall be substituted the words

"twenty-five million pounds".

In section seventeen, in subsection (1), for the words "the ten years beginning with the passing of this Act " there shall be substituted the words " the period beginning with the passing of this Act and ending ten years after the passing of the White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1953 ", and for the words "ten million pounds" there shall be substituted the words " twenty million pounds"; and in subsection (2), for the words " said ten years " there shall be substituted the words " said period ".

Part II Enactments Repealed

Section and chapter Short title Extent of repeal

25 & 26 Geo. 5. The Herring Industry Sections eight and nine.

c. 9. Act, 1935. In section ten, in subsection (2), the words "the report and account mentioned in subsection (9) of the last foregoing section and ".

1 & 2 Geo. 6. The Herring Industry Sections three to five.

c. 42. Act, 1938. In section six, in subsection (1). the words from " and subsection (3)" to "Board)" and the word "each ", and subsection (2). In the Second Schedule the amendments of section nine of the Herring Industry Act, 1935.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. The Herring Industry Section one.

c. 32. Act, 1944. In section four, subsections (1), (2) and (3). Section five. In the Schedule, the amendments of section nine of the Herring Industry Act, 1935.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The White Fish and In section five, subsection (4).

c. 51. Herring Industries Act, 1948. Section sue.

136

Ch. 17,18

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

R^7i//e Fish

Herring Industries Act, 1953

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

Herring Industry Act, 1935 25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 9.

Herring Industry Act, 1944 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 32.

White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.51.

Sea Fish Industry Act, 1951 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 30.

CHAPTER 18

Coastal Flooding (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Works for Defence against Sea Water

Provisions for enabling river boards to execute works and to have the use thereof

Section

1. Authorisations to do work on embankments etc., and certain other

work.

2. Authorisations where highways are affected.

3. Procedure as to authorisations.

4. Ancillary provisions as to authorisations.

5. Right to maintain and use works, etc.

6. Provisions as to purchase of land affected by works and of rights over

land.

Provisions as to access to works and protection thereof

7. Right to use private ways.

8. Power to exclude the public from sites of work, etc.

9. Regulations for protection of works.

Compensation and Government contributions

10. Compensation.

11. Government contributions.

Saving for powers under principal Acts

12. Saving for powers under principal Acts.

1953

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 18

137

Part II

Rehabilitation of Agricultural Land

Section

13. Acreage payments in respect of rehabilitation of arable or pasture land

damaged by salt water.

14. Acreage payments in respect of rehabilitation of allotment gardens

damaged by salt water.

15. Regard to be had to rehabilitation of damaged land for purposes of

Part II of Agriculture Act, 1947.

16. Protection to occupiers of damaged land in respect of approved dealings

therewith for rehabilitation thereof.

Part III General

17. Fine for obstruction.

18. Interpretation.

19. Financial provisions.

20. Application to the Crown.

21. Short title.

Schedule—Provisions as to permanent stopping up or diversion of a highway under subsection (5) of section five of this Act.

An Act to make provision for work for defence against sea water in localities affected by the flood of January,

1953, to provide for the rehabilitation of agricultural land damaged by salt water, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[20th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same as follows:—

Part I

Works for Defence against Sea Water

Provisions for enabling river boards to execute works and to have the use thereof

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Minister Authorisations may, during the year nineteen hundred and fifty-three, authorise to w°rk on the river board for any of the areas specified in this subsection e"b^nent8* to do on any land, at any time during the period beginning certain other with the passing of this Act and ending with the thirtieth daywork, of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, work of any of the kinds specified in this subsection as to which the following condition appears to the Minister to be satisfied, that is to say, that the work is required for the defence against sea water of an area flooded or threatened with flooding in consequence of the damage to embankments and other drainage works sustained in coastal

E*

138

Ch. 18

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part I and estuary localities in the Kent, Essex, East Suffolk and Norfolk, —cont. Great Ouse, Lincolnshire, and Hull and East Yorkshire river board areas in the period beginning on the thirty-first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, or in consequence of the inadequacy of such works in those areas.

The said kinds of work are—

(a) constructing, improving or repairing banks, walls, embankments, groynes, dykes, or other drainage works (in this Act referred to as " bank construction ");

(b) working clay or other substances for obtaining materials for work of a kind mentioned in this subsection (in this Act referred to as "earth getting");

(c) constructing roads, or improving roads other than

highways, for meeting transport requirements of doing work of a kind mentioned in this subsection or of maintaining things constructed, improved or repaired in the course of such work (in this Act referred to as " access road works ");

() constructing temporary housing accommodation for persons engaged on work of a kind mentioned in this subsection or on maintaining things constructed, improved or repaired in the course of such work (in this Act referred to as " temporary housing works ").

(2) The period during which under the preceding subsection authorisations may be given, and the period therein specified for the doing of work pursuant to such authorisations, may each be extended so as to end not later than the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, respectively by an order or orders made by the Minister by statutory instrument laid before, and approved by a resolution of, each House of Parliament

In this Act the expression " the works period " means the period specified in the preceding subsection for the doing of work, together with any extension thereof made under this subsection.

(3) An authorisation shall not be given under this section for work, other than bank construction or earth getting combined with bank construction or access road works so combined,—

(a) on a building or the site or curtilage of a building; or

(b) on land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster except with the consent of the person deemed for the purposes of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, to be the owner of the land, or on land belonging to a Government department except with the consent of the Minister of the Crown in charge of the department.

1953

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 18

139

(4) A river board seeking an authorisation under this Act for Part I

work of any of the kinds specified in subsection (1) of this section —com.

shall submit to the Minister proposals indicating the nature

of the work, and the land on which it is proposed to do it, in such form and giving particulars as to such matters as the Minister may require.

(5) A river board seeking an authorisation under this Act for work which consists of or includes—

(a) constructing a groyne, or moving beach materials or doing other work, on a site to the seaward side of a bank, wall or embankment, or

(b) constructing, improving or repairing a bank, wall or embankment adjacent to a place where coast protection work has been or is being done by a coast protection authority,

shall give notice of the nature of the work for which they seek the authorisation, in so far as it falls within paragraph (a) of this subsection, to the coast protection authority in whose area the site is and to any coast protection authority whose area adjoins the area of that authority, and, in so far as it falls within paragraph (b) of this subsection, to the coast protection authority in whose area the place is.

In this subsection the expressions "coast protection work" and "coast protection authority" have the meanings assigned to them by the Coast Protection Act, 1949.

2.—(1) An authorisation under the preceding section shall not Authorisations be construed as conferring power to do any work which involves J,.h?re interference with or alteration of a highway (that is to say, stopping up, diverting or obstructing it, or raising, lowering or otherwise altering it).

(2) Where it appears to the Minister, on the submission of proposals to him under subsection (4) of the preceding section, that in order to secure the purposes, or as a result, of work of bank construction required as mentioned in subsection (1) of the preceding section to be done on any land, or of earth getting or access road works to be combined with the bank construction, interference with or alteration of a highway will be needed, the Minister and the Minister of Transport jointly may, during the period during which authorisations under section one of this Act may be given, make an order authorising both the doing of that work on the land and the interference with or alteration of the highway, including, where diversion of the highway is authorised, the doing on any land of work needed for rendering the site to which it is to be diverted available for use as a highway.

E* 2

140 Ch. 18 Coastal Flooding 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

Part I (3) The duration of an authorisation given under this section —cont. shall be limited to the works period or some period falling within that period, except that the stopping up or diversion of a highway may be authorised thereunder for a period ending not later than six months after the expiration of the works period.

(4) An order under this section—

(a) may authorise either the river board on the one hand, or the highway authority (in the case of a highway maintainable by the inhabitants at large) or some other authority specified in the order (in the case of a highway not so maintainable) on the other hand, to do the whole of the work needed whether for the bank construction or any work to be combined therewith or in connection with the interference with or alteration of the highway, or may authorise the doing of that work partly by the river board and partly by that authority, and in the latter case shall specify or provide for determining the parts which they are respectively to do;

(b) may impose either on the river board or on such an authority as aforesaid an obligation to maintain things constructed, improved or repaired in the course of the work;

(c) may impose either on the river board or on such an authority as aforesaid an obligation to contribute to expense incurred by the other of them in doing any of the work, or in such maintenance, or on the river board an obligation to contribute to any increase in expense of maintaining the highway incurred by the body or person responsible therefor in consequence of the doing of any of the work.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in section twenty-one of the Public Utilities Street Works Act, 1950, the code in Part II of that Act shall not have effect in a case in which works executed for road purposes within the meaning of that Act are executed pursuant to an authorisation under this Act.

Procedure as to 3.—(1) Before an authorisation extending to any given land is

authorisations, given under this Act for earth getting or access road works, other than such getting or works combined with bank construction, or for temporary housing works, the river board must—

(a) have published in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality in which the land in question is situated a notice indicating the kind of work proposed and the land on which it is proposed to do it (the land so indicated being land consisting of or comprising the land in question), and stating that representations which any person desires to make must be made to the Minister in writing within fourteen days from the date of the publication of the notice; and

1953

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 18

141

(b) have seized on every owner and occupier of any of the land in question a notice in writing indicating the like matters, and stating that representations which any person served desires to make must be made to the Minister in writing within fourteen days from the date of service of the notice on him; and the Minister shall consider any representations duly made to him.

(2) Before an authorisation is given under this Act for work which is in the opinion of the Minister of Transport likely to involve—

(a) prevention or obstruction of, or danger to, navigation in tidal waters, or

(b) injurious affection of the works of, or any property which is vested in or is under the control of, the persons carrying on the undertaking of a navigation, harbour or conservancy authority, or injurious affection of the carrying on of such an undertaking,

the river board must have published in one or more local newspapers circulating in the localities adjacent to the waters in question, or in which the undertaking in question is carried on, as the case may be, such a notice as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection, and the Minister and the Minister of Transport shall consider any representations duly made.

(3) Before an order is made under section two of this Act, the river board must—

(a) have published in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality in which the highway is situated a notice indicating that interference with it or alteration of it is proposed, and stating that representations which any person desires to make must be made to the Minister in writing within fourteen days from the date of the publication of the notice, and have caused a like notice to be displayed in a prominent position on the highway;

(b) have served, in accordance with the requirements of subsections (3), (4) and (6) of section nineteen of the River Boards Act, 1948, on any body or person by whom the highway is maintainable (unless the board have been unable after reasonable inquiry to ascertain by whom, if anyone, it is maintainable), on any gas, electricity, water or hydraulic power undertakers having apparatus under, along or across the highway, and on the Postmaster-General, a notice in writing indicating the like matters, and stating that representations which any body or person served desires to make must be made to the Minister in writing within fourteen days from the date of service of the notice on them or him; and

Part I — con.

Ch. 18 Coastal Flooding 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

(c) in the case of an order authorising diversion of the highway, have served on every owner and occupier of land over which the diversion is to run a notice in writing indicating the proposed diversion, and stating that representations which any person served desires to make must be made as last aforesaid;

and the Minister and the Minister of Transport shall consider any representations duly made.

(4) Notwithstanding that the requirements of paragraph (a) of subsection (1) or (3) of this section have not been complied with as to such newspaper publication as is therein mentioned, an authorisation may be given without such publication if the Minister is satisfied that it has not been reasonably practicable to obtain facilities for such publication in accordance with those requirements.

(5) Publication, service or display of a notice before the passing of this Act shall be effective for the purposes of compliance with requirements of the preceding subsections.

(6) As soon as is practicable after an authorisation has been given under this Act for the doing of any work of a kind specified in section one of this Act, or for the diversion of a highway to any land, the river board shall serve on every owner and occupier of any of the land to which the authorisation extends a notice stating that it has been given and indicating the kind of work thereby authorised.

(7) Requirements of this section for a river board to serve any such notice as is therein mentioned on every owner and occupier of any given land shall be deemed to have been satisfied—

(a) where such a notice has been served on a person being

such an owner or occupier in accordance with the requirements of subsections (3), (4) and (6) of section nineteen of the River Boards Act, 1948, as regards service on him;

(b) if, in the case of any part of that land appearing to the

board’s representative at the time of his seeking to serve the notice to be occupied, such a notice, addressed to " the owner and the occupier " of that part of the land (describing it), was then delivered to some responsible person thereon, or, if there was then no such person thereon, was then affixed to some conspicuous object thereon, as regards service on every owner and occupier of that part of the land;

(c) if, in the case of any part of that land appearing to the

board’s representative at the time of his seeking to serve the notice to be unoccupied, such a notice, addressed to " the owners and any occupiers " of that

1953 Coastal Flooding Ch. 18

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

part of the land (describing it), was then affixed to some conspicuous object thereon, as regards service on every owner and occupier (if any) of that part of the land.

(8) Where for the purposes of this section a notice is served on an owner of land which is to the knowledge of the river board ecclesiastical property, a like notice shall be sent in a registered letter by post to the secretary of the Church Commissioners at their principal office.

4.—(1) An authorisation under the preceding provisions of Ancillary this Act to do any work (hereinafter referred to as a " works provisions as to authorisation ") may be given subject, or after being given may authorisations, be subjected, to any conditions which it appears to the Minister, or to the Minister and the Minister of Transport in the case of an authorisation under section two of this Act, to be expedient to attach thereto, and he or they may at any time withdraw such an authorisation in whole or in part or vary conditions attached thereto, and they may at any time vary or revoke an order made under section two of this Act:

Provided that he or they shall—

(a) before attaching a condition to an authorisation after it

has been given, consult the river board; and

(b) before varying conditions attached to an authorisation,

or varying or revoking an order under section two of this Act, consult the river board, and, so far as appears to him or them to be practicable, persons appearing to him or them to be liable to be adversely affected by the variation or revocation.

(2) A works authorisation given to a river board or other authority shall extend to their agents and contractors and persons in their employ or in the employ of their contractors.

(3) References in this Act or in a works authorisation to doing work of any kind shall be construed as including references to all things requisite for or incidental to doing work of that kind, and in particular to any of the following so far as so requisite or incidental, that is to say, entering on the land to which the authorisation extends, and passing thereover with or without vehicles or animals, and the making of erections or excavations, the placing of things, and the removal, demolition, pulling down, destruction or rendering useless of things, on, over or below the surface of the land:

Provided that—

(a) it shall by virtue of this subsection be a condition of a right of entry conferred by a works authorisation that the person seeking to exercise it shall, if so required, produce some duly authenticated document showing the capacity by virtue of which the authorisation extends to him;

143

Part I

—amt.

144

Part I —cont.

Right to maintain and use works, etc.

Ch. 18 Coastal Flooding 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

(b) admission to a building or part of a building which is occupied shall not be demanded by virtue of such a right unless in any case at least twenty-four hours’ notice of the intended entry, or, if the entry is intended for the purpose of doing work, at least seven days’ notice thereof, has been served on the occupier in some such manner as by virtue of section nineteen of the River Boards Act, 1948, constitutes due service of a notice required by that Act to be served on a person as having an interest in land; and

(c) no work involving the vacation of a building or part of a building occupied as a residence shall be done pursuant to a works authorisation at any time unless at least one month before that time a notice to the effect that the vacation thereof by that time would be required for the purposes of work pursuant to the authorisation was served in manner aforesaid on the person who was the occupier thereof at the time of service of the notice, or, if it was then unoccupied, was affixed to some conspicuous object thereon.

(4) Where work has been done on land pursuant to a works authorisation, the river board or other authority by whom it was done may, and in so far as so directed by the Minister shall, at any time thereafter during the works period or within twelve months after the expiration thereof, do any work on the land needed for restoring the land and making good any damage thereto, and the last preceding subsection shall have effect as regards things requisite for or incidental to doing that work.

(5) Permission shall not be required under Part III of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, in respect of any development involved by bank construction, or by earth getting combined with bank construction or access road works so combined, to be done pursuant to a works authorisation, or by work to be so done for the diversion of a highway.

(6) Section seven of the Telegraph Act, 1878 (which makes provision as to work done in the execution of certain undertakings which involves alteration in telegraphic lines) shall apply to work done pursuant to a works authorisation as it applies to work done in the execution of such an undertaking as is mentioned in the said section seven.

5.—(1) A river board or other authority who do work pursuant to a works authorisation shall be entitled to have left in place, and to maintain, things constructed, improved or repaired in the course of the work—

(a) in the case of bank construction, and of earth getting combined with bank construction or access road works so combined, without limit of time; or

1953 Coastal Flooding Ch. 18 145

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

(b) in the case of other work, during the works period; Part I

and for the purposes of maintenance authorised by this subsection —cont. the like rights of entry and passage as attach to a works authorisation shall be exercisable during the works period on and over the land on which the things in question are.

(2) Where a river board are given a works authorisation to do earth getting, any substance worked pursuant thereto shall on severance become the property of the board.

(3) Where a river board are given a works authorisation to do access road works, the persons to whom the authorisation extends may, during the works period, pass over roads constructed or improved pursuant thereto, with or without vehicles or animals, for the purposes for which the construction or improvement was authorised.

(4) A river board who are given a works authorisation to do temporary housing works may take possession of the land to which the authorisation relates, and retain possession thereof for any period during the works period, and, whilst they are in possession thereof under this subsection,—

(a) the accommodation may be used for occupation by persons for whom its construction was authorised and the board may make contracts therefor, and (b) any right relating to the land the exercise of which would interfere with the use of the accommodation as aforesaid shall not be exercisable in so far as it would interfere with such use.

(5) Where an order has been made under section two of this Act in relation to any highway, the Minister of Transport may, at any time during the works period, or within six months after the expiration thereof, by order provide for the permanent stopping up or diversion of the highway or any part thereof if he is satisfied that it is necessary in the public interest so to do, and the provisions of the Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to an order under this subsection providing for such permanent stopping up or diversion.

6.—(1) For avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that, Provisions as for the purposes of subsections (1) and (2) of section thirteenj°^ur^asf?f of the River Boards Act, 1948 (which relate to the acquisition by by'woria imd a river board by agreement or compulsorily of land which they of rights over require for any purpose connected with the exercise of their land, functions), land as to which a works authorisation is given to a river board, or which they require for doing work of any of the kinds specified in section one of this Act, is to be treated as land which they require as mentioned in that section, and that the powers thereby conferred to acquire an easement or other right over land extend to securing the creation of an easement or other such right in their favour.

146

Part I —cont.

Right to use private ways.

Ch. 18 Coastal Flooding 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

C Emergency Provisions) , 1953

(2) Where a works authorisation to do bank construction or earth getting has been given and any work has been done pursuant thereto, an owner of any of the land to which the authorisation extends may, at any time during the works period or within twelve months from the expiration thereof, serve on the river board a notice requiring the board to purchase his interest in the land, and, where such a notice is duly served,—

(a) the board shall be deemed to be authorised to purchase the interest of the owner compulsorily under the said section thirteen, and to have served notice to treat on the date on which the owner’s notice was served; and

(b) the power conferred by subsection (2) of section five of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, to withdraw a notice to treat shall not be exercisable in the case of the notice to treat so deemed to have been served.

(3) Where under the powers conferred by the said section thirteen an easement or other right over land is created, any person having an interest in the land shall, if the value of his interest is diminished by the creation thereof, be entitled to receive from the river board compensation in respect of the diminution, and—

(a) for the purpose of making them applicable in the case

of the creation of an easement or right under the said section thirteen, the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946, and other enactments which have effect as to the authorisation and rendering effectual of an acquisition of land itself by a river board shall have effect with such adaptations as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament, and

(b) provision may be made by such regulations for rendering

a right created under the said section thirteen which is not a legal easement enforceable against persons acquiring title to the land subsequently to the creation thereof, and for the registration thereof under the Land Charges Act, 1925.

Provisions as to access to works and protection thereof

7.—(1) Any person being an agent or contractor of a river board, or a person in the employ of the board or a contractor of theirs, may during the works period—

(a) pass, with or without vehicles or animals, over any road, path or other formed way for the purpose of going to or from the site of work of a kind specified in

1953

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

Ch 18

147

section one of this Act which the board are doing or Part 1 propose to do, or of meeting transport requirements such as are mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act, notwithstanding that the way is not a highway or other way over which that person would apart from this section be entitled to pass, and

(b) for that purpose enter on the land over which the way runs, on producing, if so required, some duly authenticated document showing the capacity by virtue of which the power conferred by this section extends to him.

(2) Where damage has been done to a way by the exercise of the power conferred by this section, the river board may, and in so far as so directed by the Minister shall, at any time thereafter during the works period or within twelve months from the expiration thereof, do any work on the land over which the way runs needed for making good the damage, and the power of entry conferred by paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection shall be exercisable for that purpose.

8. —(1) A river board may during the works period take the P°Y®Jto. like steps for excluding persons from land to which this section ^lic from applies, including the erection of fences, gates and other barriers Qf work, and the taking of legal proceedings, as the occupier thereof could etc. lawfully take:

Provided that a river board shall not by virtue of this section be entitled to exclude from any land the occupier thereof himself or persons authorised by him to enter or be thereon for any purpose, except that they shall be entitled, after consultation with the occupier, if ascertainable by them after reasonable inquiry, and with the local authority (that is to say, the council of the country district or county borough in which the land is), to exercise the power conferred by this section for preventing the use of the land by persons in substantial numbers as, or for access to, a pleasure ground, bathing place or other similar resort.

(2) This section applies to—

(a) the site of any work of a kind specified in section one of this Act which is being done by the board;

(b) any drainage works constructed, improved or repaired in the course of bank construction done by them;

(c) any road constructed or improved in the course of access

road works done by them (not including any highway). 9

9, —(1) The Minister may by regulations make such provision Regulations as appears to him to be expedient for preventing damage to, for protection or interference with, things constructed, improved or repaired °‘works*

in the course of work done pursuant to a works authorisation, or to or with any drainage works or any banks vested in or under the control of a river board.

Ch. 18 Coastal Flooding 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

(2) Any person who contravenes or fails to comply with a provision of regulations under this section shall be guilty of an offence against this section and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(3) Regulations under this section shall be made by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) This section shall continue in force until the end of the works period and shall then expire, but subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, shall apply upon the expiration of this section as if this section had then been repealed and any regulation previously in force thereunder had boon an enactment then repealed.

Compensation and Government contributions Compensation. 10.—(1) The Minister shall prepare, with the approval of the Treasury, and lay before each House of Parliament, a draft of an order making such provision as appears to him, with such approval as aforesaid, to be requisite as regards—

(a) compensation to be paid by river boards for damage, or diminution in the value of land, occurring in consequence of the exercise of powers conferred by or under this Part of this Act, or for the use of land, or the working of clay or other substances, in the exercise of such powers; and

(b) adjustments, in respect of things done in the exercise of such powers, of compensation in respect of compulsory acquisitions of land affected thereby.

(2) If a draft of an order laid under the preceding subsection is approved by resolution of each House, the Minister shall make an order in the terms of the draft.

(3) An order made under this section may be varied by a subsequent order made by the Minister of which a draft has been prepared, laid and approved as aforesaid.

(4) An order under this section may either specify or make provision for determining the date on which it is to come into operation, and may make provision for compensation in respect of matters occurring before the date of its coming into operation.

(5) An order under this section shall be a statutory instrument, and the provisions of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, shall apply thereto accordingly.

(6) Without prejudice to the generality of this section, an order thereunder may make provision for securing that, where an owner of a building has, at any time on or after the twenty-sixth day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, been

148

Part I

—cont.

1953

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 18

149

notified by a person acting on behalf of a river board of Part I

its being likely that the building would have to be demolished or —cont.

damaged in connection with the doing of such work as is in this Act referred to as bank construction, or earth getting or access road works combined with bank construction, then, in assessing any amount of compensation which is, or but for such provision would be, payable to the owner or a person claiming through or under him by reference to the demolition of the building, or damage done thereto, in connection with the doing of any such work, there shall not be taken into account any enhancement of the value of his interest which is attributable to any repair, improvement or alteration of the building, or other work done thereon, after the date on which the notice was given.

(7) Until a draft of such an order as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section has been presented to each House of Parliament no authorisation shall be given under section one of this Act and no order shall be made under section two thereof.

11. The Minister may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, Government make grants, subject to such conditions as he may with the contributions, approval of the Treasury determine, to river boards in respect

of expenditure incurred by them in, or in connection with or in consequence of, the exercise of powers conferred by or under this Part of this Act.

Saving for powers under the principal Acts

12. Powers conferred on a river board by or under this Act shall Saving for

be taken to be in addition to, and not in substitution for, powers (!°w®r.s ,

vested in them by virtue of the Land Drainage Act, 1930, or the Acts.™0^ River Boards Act, 1948, or otherwise, and nothing in this Act

shall be construed as prejudicing or limiting any powers so vested in them.

Part II

Rehabilitation of Agricultural Land

13.—(1) For the purpose of promoting the rehabilitation of Acreage arable or pasture land in England that has been damaged by salt water in the period beginning on the thirty-first day of rehabilitation January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, the Minister may, in of arable or accordance with a scheme made by him with the approval of the pasture land Treasury, make out of moneys provided by Parliament payments in respect of the dealing with such land, in any of the relevant 831 wa r* years (as hereinafter defined), in such of the modes hereinafter mentioned as may be specified in the scheme and determined in accordance therewith to be best calculated in that year to secure the rehabilitation of the land.

150

Ch. 18

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part II —cont.

(2) The said modes of dealing with land are—

(a) the use thereof for the growing of crops of such descriptions as may be specified in the scheme;

(b) the use thereof for the laying down thereon of pasture;

(c) in the case of pasture land, the retention thereof as such and the management thereof in such manner as may be determined in accordance with the scheme; and

() the retention thereof uncropped and the management thereof as aforesaid;

and for the purposes of this section the expression " the relevant years " means die year nineteen hundred and fifty-three and the four next succeeding years and the expression " pasture " includes meadow.

(3) Payments in accordance with a scheme under this section shall be made by reference to the area of land dealt with in accordance with the scheme in any of the said modes and shall be at such rate as may be specified in the scheme, and any such scheme may specify different rates in relation to the dealing with land in different modes or the dealing in the same mode with land of different classes and, in relation to the use of land for growing crops, different rates in relation to the use of land for growing crops of different descriptions and in relation to the use of land in different areas for growing crops of the same description.

(4) A payment under this section in respect of the dealing with any land in any of the said modes in any of the relevant years shall be made to the person who, at the beginning of the fourth day of June in that year, is the occupier of the land:

Provided that where, before the payment is made, the said person has died or any other event (other than the execution of an assignment) has occurred whereby debts accruing due to the said person at the beginning of the said day would be claimable by some other person, the payment may be made to that other person.

(5) A scheme under this section may make provision—

(a) with respect to the time within which and the manner in which applications for payments under this section are to be made;

(b) for the reduction or withholding of payments in such circumstances as may be specified in the scheme, and for the recovery, in such circumstances as may be so specified, of payments made;

(c) for disregarding for the purposes of the scheme a parcel

of land whose area is less than half an acre, and for disregarding, in calculating for those purposes the area of any land, any fraction of an acre less than one-half, subject, however, in either case to any exceptions for which provision may be made by the scheme;

1953 Coastal Flooding Ch. 18

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

() for the withholding of payments where the aggregate amount of the payments under this section in respect of the land worked as a unit by any person would be less than one pound.

(6) A scheme under this section may be varied or revoked by a subsequent scheme made by the Minister with the approval of the Treasury.

(7) The power to make, vary or revoke a scheme under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(8) No statutory instrument making, varying or revoking a scheme under this section shall be made unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and has been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

14.—(1) The Minister may, out of moneys provided by Acreage

Parliament, make to— payments in

respect of

(a) an association of allotment holders whereof the members rehabilitation

are, at the beginning of the thirty-first day of January of allotment in any of the relevant years, occupiers of allotmentgrdc".. gardens whose area in the aggregate is not less than half an acre, being allotment gardens that have been damaged by salt water in the period beginning on the thirty-first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three;

(b) a local authority or a society having as its object the cultivation of vacant land for the purpose of letting it for use as allotment gardens, being an authority or society by which there are let at the beginning of the thirty-first day of January in any of the relevant years allotment gardens whose area in the aggregate is not less than half an acre, being allotment gardens that have been damaged as aforesaid;

a payment by way of contribution towards the cost of taking the necessary steps in the relevant year in question for the purpose of rehabilitating those allotment gardens.

(2) A payment under this section to an association, local authority or society shall be made by reference to the area of land consisting of such allotment gardens as aforesaid which, at the beginning of the thirty-first day of January in the year with reference to which the payment is made, are occupied by members of the association or, as the case may be, let by the authority or society, and shall be at such rate as may be specified in a provision included for that purpose in a scheme under section thirteen of this Act, so, however, that in calculating the area of any land for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of a payment any fraction of an acre less than one-half shall be disregarded.

151

Part II —cont.

152

Ch. 18

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part II —cont.

Regard to be had to

rehabilitation of damaged land for purposes of Part II of Agriculture Act, 1947.

Protection to occupiers of damaged land in respect of approved dealings therewith for rehabilitation thereof.

Fine for obstruction.

(3) Provision may be made by any such scheme as aforesaid with respect to the time within which applications for payments under this section are to be made.

(4) In this section—

(a) the expression " allotment garden " has the same meaning

as it has for the purposes of the Allotments Act, 1922;

(b) the expression " local authority " means the council of a

borough, urban district or parish and the parish meeting

of a rural parish not having a parish council; and

(c) the expression " the relevant years " has the same meaning

as it has for the purposes of section thirteen of this Act.

15. Where an agricultural unit within the meaning of the Agriculture Act, 1947, consists of or comprises land damaged by salt water in the period beginning on the thirty-first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, then, in determining for the purposes of Part II of that Act whether the manner in which the unit is being farmed is such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section eleven of that Act (which defines the circumstances in which the occupier of an agricultural unit is deemed to fulfil his responsibilities to farm the unit in accordance with the rules of good husbandry), regard shall be had (but without prejudice to the generality of that subsection) to the extent to which the necessary steps are being taken for the purpose of rehabilitating the land so damaged. 16 17

16. Paragraphs 1 and 4 of the Second Schedule to the Agriculture Act, 1947 (which confer on an occupier of land protection in respect of things done in compliance with directions of the Minister under that Act), shall, in the case of land damaged by salt water in the period beginning with the thirty-first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, have effect in relation to the dealing therewith at any time in a mode determined in accordance with a scheme under section thirteen of this Act to be best calculated at that time to secure the rehabilitation thereof as they have effect in relation to the carrying out on land of acts in compliance with a direction under section fourteen of the said Act of 1947.

Part HI General

17. Any person who wilfully obstructs any person exercising a right conJferred by a works authorisation or by this Act to enter on, pass over or take possession of any land, or to do any work, shall be guilty of an offence against this section, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds in the case of a first such offence or twenty pounds in the case of a second or any subsequent such offence.

1953

Coastal Flooding

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 18

153

18.—(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" constructed ", in references to things constructed in the course of work done, includes a reference to things erected or placed in the course of the work with a view to their remaining in place as part of the thing constructed;

" ecclesiastical property " means land belonging to any ecclesiastical benefice, or being or forming part of a church subject to the jurisdiction of the bishop of any diocese or the site of such a church, or being or forming part of a burial ground subject to such jurisdiction;

" highway " includes a bridge over which a highway passes;

" land " includes land covered by water;

" maintaining " includes, in relation to a gate, sluice or other construction which requires to be operated, the operation thereof, and " maintain " shall be construed accordingly;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries;

" owner " in relation to any land, means a person, other than a mortgagee not in possession, who is for the time being entitled to dispose of the fee simple of the land, whether in possession or in reversion, and includes also a person holding or entitled to the rents and profits of the land under a lease or agreement the unexpired term whereof exceeds three years;

" river board " means a board established under section one of the River Boards Act, 1948;

" works authorisation " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section four of this Act;

" works period " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (2) of section one of this Act.

(2) Earth getting or access road works shall be treated as falling within a provision of this Act relating to such work combined with bank construction in so far, and in so far only, as the work is proposed to be done or was done (whichever is relevant for the purposes of the provision in question)—

(a) in the case of earth getting, on land on, or contiguous or

adjacent to, a site of bank construction;

(b) in the case of access road works—

(i) on such land, and

(ii) on a line following that of a bank, wall, embankment or dyke.

Part m

—cont.

Interpretation.

154

Part m

—cont.

Financial

provisions.

Application the Crown.

Short title.

Section 5.

Ch. 18 Coastal Flooding 1 & 2 .2

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

(3) Expressions used in Part I of this Act and also in the Land Drainage Act, 1930, have in this Act the same meanings respectively as in that Act.

(4) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.

19. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under Part I of the Local Government Act, 1948;

(b) any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act in the sums payable out of the Road Fund;

and all expenses incurred under this Act by the Minister of Transport as highway authority shall be defrayed out of the Road Fund.

20. This Act, except section seven thereof, binds the Crown.

21. This Act may be cited as the Coastal Flooding (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1953.

SCHEDULE

Provisions as to Permanent Stopping Up or Diversion of a Highway under Subsection (5) of Section Five of this Act

1. Any order made under subsection (5) of section five of this Act shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule to the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

2. Subsections (2), (3), (4), (5) and (9) of section forty-nine of the said Act of 1947 (which contain powers to provide or improve highways and to acquire land for that purpose) shall have effect as if any reference in those subsections to an order made under the said section forty-nine included a reference to an order made under subsection (5) of section five of this Act.

3. In relation to any highway which is stopped up or diverted by virtue of an order under subsection (5) of section five of this Act, section twenty-five of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944, as amended by the said Act of 1947 (which relates to the extinguishment of rights belonging to statutory undertakers in respect of apparatus in land acquired by a purchasing authority under Part IV of the said Act of 1947) shall have effect—

(a) as if for references to land which has been acquired as aforesaid and to the purchasing authority there were substituted respectively references to land over which the highway subsisted and to the person entitled to possession of that land; and

1953 Coastal Flooding Ch. 18, 19

(Emergency Provisions) , 1953

(b) as if references in subsection (4) of the said section twenty-five to a local authority or statutory undertakers included references to any person (other than a Minister or the Central Land Board) who is entitled to possession as aforesaid;

and sections twenty-six and twenty-seven of the said Act of 1944 shall have effect accordingly.

4. The Sixth Schedule to the said Act of 1947 shall have effect as if any reference therein to an order made under section forty-nine of that Act or under subsection (1) thereof included a reference to an order made under subsection (5) of section five of this Act.

5. Any other provisions of the said Act of 1947 shall, so far as they are applicable in relation to an order made under section forty-nine of that Act, apply in like manner to an order made under subsection (5) of section five of this Act.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919

Land Charges Act, 1925

Land Drainage Act, 1930

Town and Country Planning Act, 1944

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

Act, 1946

Agriculture Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Local Government Act, 1948

River Boards Act, 1948

Coast Protection Act, 1949

Public Utilities Street Works Act, 1950

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 22. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 44. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 32. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 74. 14 Geo. 6. c. 39.

CHAPTER 19

Pharmacy , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Abolition of register of chemists and druggists.

2. Examinations for registration of pharmaceutical chemists.

3. Register of pharmaceutical chemists.

4. Byelaws as to examinations, etc

5. Registration of persons holding University degrees in pharmacy.

6. Extension of objects of benevolent fund.

156

Ch. 19

Pharmacy , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Section

7. Miscellaneous enactments ceasing to have effect.

8. Confirmation of Charter.

9. Consequential amendments and repeals.

10. Interpretation.

11. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Transfer to register of pharmaceutical chemists of persons registered as chemists and druggists, etc.

Second Schedule—Consequential amendments and repeals.

Part I—Amendments.

Part II—Repeals.

An Act to amend the law relating to pharmacy and for purposes consequential on such amendment.

[20th May 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Abolition of register of chemists and druggists.

1.—(1) The register of chemists and druggists directed to be kept by section ten of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, shall cease to be kept, and (subject to the following provisions of this Act) so much of the Pharmacy and Poisons Acts, 1852 to 1941, as relates to the registration of persons as chemists and druggists, or to persons so registered, shall cease to have effect.

(2) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect for securing the registration as pharmaceutical chemists of persons who immediately before the coming into operation of this section were registered or entitled to be registered as chemists and druggists, and for other purposes consequential on the provisions of this section.

Examinations 2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the persons

for registra- who are to be examiners for the purposes of section eight of ^harm ti l Pharmacy Act, 1852, shall be appointed by the Council, chemistsT* * and so much of that section as regulates the appointment of such examiners shall cease to have effect.

(2) The following provisions of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, that is to say:—

(a) so much of section six as relates to the powers of the Privy Council in respect of the appointment of examiners and the conduct of examinations; and

1953

Pharmacy , 1953

Ch. 19

157

(b) section seven so far as it relates to fees payable on examinations,

shall apply to examinations held for the purposes of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, as they applied, before the coming into operation of section one of this Act, to examinations held under the said Act of 1868.

3. —(1) The register of pharmaceutical chemists kept under Register of section ten of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, shall be kept in such pharmaceutical form and manner, and the annual registers of pharmaceutical chemists, chemists published under section thirteen of the Pharmacy Act,

1868, shall be prepared in such form, as may be prescribed by byelaws; and so much of the said section thirteen as requires the said annual registers to be printed, published and sold in the month of January shall cease to have effect.

(2) Sections ten and twelve of the Pharmacy Act, 1868 (which relate to the keeping of the register of chemists and druggists under that Act) shall apply (subject to the foregoing provisions of this section) to the register of pharmaceutical chemists and to persons entitled to be registered therein as they applied, before the coming into operation of section one of this Act, to the register of chemists and druggists and to persons entitled or authorised to be registered under that Act.

4. —(1) The following paragraph shall be substituted for Byelaws as paragraph (a) of section four of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act, to examina-1908 (which extends the powers of the Council to make byelaws tions»etc-with respect to examinations and registration):—

" (a) Providing that no certificate referred to in section eight or nine of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, shall be granted to any person unless such person produces evidence satisfactory to the Council of the Society that he has received a sufficient practical training in the subjects of the examination;".

(2) The following paragraphs shall be substituted for paragraph (c) of the said section four:—

" (c) Requiring persons desirous of presenting themselves for examination under the Pharmacy Act, 1852, to produce evidence satisfactory to the Council of the Society that they have received a sufficient general education;

() Providing for periods of time and courses of study in connection with the examination for the purposes of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, and dividing such examination into two or more parts.".

158

Ch. 19

Pharmacy , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Registration of persons holding University degrees in pharmacy.

Extension of objects of benevolent fund.

Miscellaneous enactments ceasing to have effect.

5. —(1) The power of the Council to make byelaws under section two of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, shall include power to make byelaws as to the registration as pharmaceutical chemists of persons holding or having held a degree granted in respect of pharmacy by any University in the United Kingdom, providing for their registration (subject to such conditions as to character and otherwise as may be prescribed by the byelaws) either—

(a) without examination, and without satisfying any require-

ments to which they would be subject apart from this section under byelaws made by virtue of section four of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908; or

(b) subject to requirements as to examination, or to any

such requirements as aforesaid, relaxed as compared with those to which they would be subject apart from this section.

(2) Any byelaws made by virtue of this section may include provision requiring the payment, as a condition of registration, of such fee as may be prescribed by the said byelaws.

6. —(1) The Council may, out of the property of the Society and out of any property for the time being comprised in the benevolent fund established in pursuance of the Charter of the Society, as amended by section twenty-two of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, make provision for such purposes relating to the relief of distressed persons, being—

(a) members of the Society;

(b) persons who at any time have been such members or have been registered as pharmaceutical chemists or as chemists and druggists;

(c) widows, orphans or other dependants of deceased persons

who were at any time members of the Society or registered as aforesaid; or

() students of the Society,

as the Council may, subject to byelaws, determine.

(2) Section twenty-two of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, shall cease to have effect.

7. The following provisions of the Pharmacy and Poisons Acts, 1852 to 1941, shall cease to have effect, that is to say:—

(a) sections five and seven of the Pharmacy Act, 1852 (which provide for the maintenance of a register of members of the Society and the issue of certificates of inclusion in that register);

1953

Pharmacy , 1953

Ch. 19

159

(b) so much of that Act as relates to the examination and certification of students, apprentices or assistants;

(c) section eleven of that Act (which prohibits the registration

in the register of pharmaceutical chemists of members of the medical profession);

() the whole of the Pharmacy Acts Amendment Act, 1898

(which relates to the registration and election of persons as student-associates of the Society, the retirement of the members of the Council and the election of officers of the Society); and

(e) so much of subsection (2) of section one of the Pharmacy

and Poisons Act, 1933, as provides that the retention fee therein referred to shall not exceed two pounds.

8. The Charter of the Society, except so far as amended or Confirmation repealed by this Act or any previous enactment, is hereby con- of Charter, finned; but nothing in this section affects any power exercisable

by Her Majesty by virtue of Her Royal Prerogative in relation to that Charter.

9. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enactments Consequential specified in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act shall be amendments amended to the extent therein specified, and the enactments81141 repeals, specified in Part II of the said Schedule are hereby repealed to

the extent specified in the third column of that Part.

(2) In relation to anything done before the coming into operation of section one of this Act, any reference in the enactments referred to in the foregoing subsection to the register of chemists and druggists shall, notwithstanding anything in that subsection, continue to have effect as a reference to that register.

10. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the Interpretation, following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively

assigned to them, that is to say:—

"byelaws", "certificate of registration", "the Council",

" registrar ", " the Society ", and " the Statutory Committee " have the same meanings as in the Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933;

" the Charter of the Society " means the Charter of Incorporation granted to the Society on the eighteenth day of February, eighteen hundred and forty-three, as amended by supplemental Charters granted in the years nineteen hundred and one and nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

160

Ch. 19

Pharmacy , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Short title, commencement and extent.

Section 1.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment, including (except where the context otherwise requires) this Act.

11.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Pharmacy Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, and different days may be so appointed for different provisions of this Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES FIRST SCHEDULE Transfer to register of pharmaceutical chemists of persons

REGISTERED AS CHEMISTS AND DRUGGISTS, ETC.

1. Every person who was registered as a chemist and druggist immediately before the coming into operation of section one of this Act (in this Schedule referred to as the relevant date) shall be registered as a pharmaceutical chemist.

2. Every person who immediately before the relevant date was entitled to be registered as a chemist and druggist by virtue of the provisions of section six of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, but was not so registered, shall (subject to the provisions of paragraph 4 of this Schedule and to any direction which may be given on or after the relevant date under section four of the Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941) be entitled to be registered as a pharmaceutical chemist on payment of the fee payable on registration as a pharmaceutical chemist.

3. In relation to any person who was registered as a chemist and druggist at any time before the relevant date, the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) the proviso to section ten of the Pharmacy Act, 1868 (which

provides for the restoration to the register of chemists and druggists of names erased from that register under that section);

(b) so much of subsection (4) of section one of the Pharmacy and

Poisons Act, 1933, as provides for the restoration to the register of names removed therefrom under that subsection;

(c) subsection (2) of section seven of the said Act of 1933 (which

enables the Statutory Committee to direct the registrar to restore to the register any name or entry which has been removed therefrom); and

1953

Pharmacy , 1953

Ch. 19

161

() section four of the Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941 (which 1st Sch. enables the said Committee in certain cases to give directions —cont. relating to the restoration of names to the register),

shall have effect as if for any reference to restoration to the register of chemists and druggists there were substituted a reference to entry in the register of pharmaceutical chemists.

4. Any direction given by the Statutory Committee before the relevant date in relation to the register of chemists and druggists, being—

(a) a direction under section four of the Pharmacy and Medicines

Act, 1941; or

(b) a direction under subsection (1) of section seven of the Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933, which, by virtue of subsection (2) of section fourteen of that Act, has not taken effect before that date,

shall continue in force and have effect as if for any reference therein to the said register or to restoration thereto there were substituted a reference to the register of pharmaceutical chemists or to entry in that register.

5. It shall be the duty of the registrar to make such alterations in the register of pharmaceutical chemists as are necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Schedule.

6. Every certificate of registration which was issued before the relevant date and which certifies that the person therein specified is registered as a chemist and druggist according to the provisions of the Pharmacy Act, 1868, shall, for such period as may be prescribed by byelaws, be deemed to be a certificate of registration certifying that the person therein specified is registered as a pharmaceutical chemist according to the provisions of the Pharmacy Act, 1852, and the said certificate shall throughout the said period have effect accordingly.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 9.

Consequential Amendments and Repeals

Part I

Amendments

The Pharmacy Actt 1852

(15 & 16 Vict. c. 56.

In section eight, for the words " under or in pursuance of the said Charter of Incorporation or the byelaws thereof, or under this Act ’* there shall be substituted the words " for the purpose by the Council of the said Society *\

The Pharmacy , 1868 (31 & 32 Vict. c. 121.

In section six, for the words "this Act*, in the fifth and sixth places where those words occur, there shall be substituted the words " the Pharmacy Act *.

F

162

Ch. 19

Pharmacy Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. In section ten, for the words from " to make and keep " to " shall

—font. have died " there shall be substituted the words " to keep in accordance

with byelaws made by the Pharmaceutical Society the register of Pharmaceutical Chemists under the Pharmacy Act and to erase from that register the names of all registered persons who have died ", and for the words " registered under this Act " there shall be substituted the words " registered in that register

In section twelve, for the words " this Act " there shall be substituted the words " the Pharmacy Act

In section thirteen, for the words " ‘ The Registers of Pharmaceutical Chemists and Chemists and Druggists ’ " there shall be substituted the words " * The Annual Register of Pharmaceutical Chemists * ", and for the word "registers ", in the second and fourth places where that word occurs, there shall be substituted the word "register ".

In section fourteen, for the words " the said registers " there shall be substituted the words " the annual register of pharmaceutical chemists ".

The Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908 (8 Edw. 7. c. 55.

In paragraph (b) of section four, for the words " as pharmaceutical chemists or chemists and druggists under the Pharmacy Acts, 1852 and 1868 " there shall be substituted the words " as pharmaceutical chemists under the Pharmacy Act, 1852 ".

The Pharmacy Act, 1929 (19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 31.

In section one, for the words " as pharmaceutical chemists or chemists and druggists under the Pharmacy Acts, 1852 and 1868" there shall be substituted the words " as pharmaceutical chemists under the Pharmacy Act, 1852 ".

The Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941 (4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 42.

In subsection (1) of section seventeen, for the words " * registered dentist * and * registered pharmacist * have the same meanings as in the principal Act " there shall be substituted the words " ‘ registered dentist' has the same meaning as in the principal Act and * registered pharmacist * has the same meaning as in the principal Act as amended by the Pharmacy Act, 1953 ".

The Medical Practitioners and Pharmacists Act, 1947 (11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 11.

In subsection (1) of section eleven, for the words " paragraph (a) or (c) of section four of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908 (which relate to preliminary practical training and to periods and courses of study) " there shall be substituted the words " section four of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908, as amended by the Pharmacy Act, 1953 ".

1953

Pharmacy , 1953

Ch. 19

163

Part n Repeals

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Section and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Vict, c. 56.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 121.

The Pharmacy Act, 1852. Section one.

Section five.

Section seven.

In section eight, the words from " or as the case may require*', to the end of the section.

In section ten, the words from " and every such person " to the end of the section.

Section eleven.

The Pharmacy Act, 1868. Section three.

In section six, the words from the beginning to "provided that '*.

In section seven, the words " and registration *'.

Section nine.

In section eleven, the words "or chemist and druggist'* in both places where they

occur.

61 & 62 Vict.

c. 25. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 25.

The Pharmacy Acts Amendment Act, 1898. The Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933.

In section thirteen, the words " in the month of January the words from " and a correct register" to "effect, of all persons"; the words " and on the register of chemists and druggists the words "or of this Act", in both places where they occur, and the words "as the case may be".

Section twenty-two.

Schedule (B).

The whole Act.

In subsection (2) of section one, the words " but not exceeding two pounds".

Subsection (6) of section one.

In subsection (1) of section three, the words "for any person unless he is registered as a pharmacist *.

In section twenty-nine, in the definition of "pharmacist", the words " or a chemist and druggist "; and in the definition of "register ", the words "or the register of chemists and druggists ".

164

Ch. 19

Pharmacy , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

—eont.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 29.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 11.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 37.

The National Health Service Act, 1946.

The National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

The Penicillin Act, 1947.

The Medical Practitioners and Pharmacists Act, 1947.

The Radioactive Substances Act, 1948.

In subsection (1) of section seventy-nine, in the definition of "registered pharmacist ", the words " or the register of chemists and druggists In subsection (1) of section eighty, in the definition of "registered pharmacist ", the words "or the register of chemists and druggists '*.

In section five, in the definition of "registered pharmacist", the words " or the register of chemists and druggists ".

In subsection (1) of section eleven, the words "or as chemists and druggists " and the words " and the Pharmacy Act, 1868 ".

In section twelve, in the definition of "registered pharmacist ", the words "or the register of chemists and druggists

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Pharmacy Act, 1852

Pharmacy Act, 1868

Pharmacy Acts Amendment Act, 1898

Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908

Pharmacy Act, 1929

Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933

Pharmacy and Medicines Act, 1941

Medical Practitioners and Pharmacists Act, 1947

15 & 16 Vict. c. 56.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 121.

61 & 62 Vict. c. 25.

8 Edw. 7. c. 55.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 31. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 25. 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 42.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 11.

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

165

CHAPTER 20

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I Registration of Births

Section

1. Particulars of births to be registered.

2. Information concerning birth to be given to registrar within forty-two

days.

3. Information concerning finding of new-born child to be given to registrar

within forty-two days.

4. Registrar's power to require information concerning birth.

5. Registration of births free of charge.

6. Registration between three and twelve months from date of birth.

7. Registration after twelve months from date of birth.

8. Penalty for improper registration after three months from date of birth.

9. Giving of information to a person other than the registrar.

10. Provision as to father of illegitimate child.

11. Special provision as to registration of still-births.

12. Certificate of registration of birth.

13. Registration of name of child or of alteration of name.

14. Re-registration of births of legitimated persons.

Part II Registration of Deaths

15. Particulars of deaths to be registered.

16. Information concerning death in a house.

17. Information concerning other deaths.

18. Notice preliminary to information of death.

19. Registrar's power to require information concerning death.

20. Registration of deaths free of charge.

21. Registration of death after twelve months.

22. Certificates of cause of death.

23. Furnishing of information by coroner.

24. Certificates as to registration of death.

Part III General

Registers, certified , etc.

25. Provision of registers, etc. by Registrar General.

26. Quarterly returns by registrar to superintendent registrar.

27. Quarterly returns by superintendent registrar to Registrar General.

28. Custody of registers, etc.

29. Correction of errors in registers.

Searches and certificates

30. Searches of indexes kept by Registrar General.

31. Searches of indexes kept by superintendent registrars.

32. Searches in registers kept by registrars.

33. Short certificate of birth.

34. Entry in register as evidence of birth or death.

166

Ch. 20

Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1953

Offences

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Particulars of births to be registered.

Section

35. Offences relating to registers.

36. Penalties for failure to give information, etc.

37. Penalty for forging certificates, etc.

38. Prosecution of offences and application of fines.

Miscellaneous

39. Regulations.

40. Sending documents by post.

41. Interpretation.

42. Savings, etc.

43. Repeals and consequential amendments.

44. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Consequential amendments of other enactments. Second Schedule.—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the registration of births and deaths in England and Wales with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Registration of Births

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the birth of every child born in England or Wales shall be registered by the registrar of births and deaths for the sub-district in which the child was bom by entering in a register kept for that subdistrict such particulars concerning the birth as may be prescribed; and different registers shall be kept and different particulars may be prescribed for live-births and still-births respectively:

Provided that, where a living new-born child is found exposed and no information as to the place of birth is available, the birth shall be registered by the registrar of births and deaths for the sub-district in which the child is found.

(2) The following persons shall be qualified to give information concerning a birth, that is to say—

(a) the father and mother of the child;

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

167

(b) the occupier of the house in which the child was to the Part I knowledge of that occupier born;

(c) any person present at the birth;

() any person having charge of the child.

2. In the case of every birth it shall be the duty— Information

concerning

(a) of the father and mother of the child; and birth to be

(b) in the case of the death or inability of the father and registrar mother, of each other qualified informant, within

forty-two days.

to give to the registrar, before the expiration of a period of forty-two days from the date of the birth, information of the particulars required to be registered concerning the birth, and in the presence of the registrar to sign the register:

Provided that—

(i) the giving of information and the signing of the register

iby any one qualified informant shall act as a discharge of any duty under this section of every other qualified informant;

(ii) this section shall cease to apply if, before the expiration

of the said period and before the birth has been registered, an inquest is held at which the child is found to have been still-born.

3. Where any living new-born child is found exposed, it shall Information be the duty of the person finding the child, and of any person Jj^taof8

in whose charge the child may be placed, to give to the best of new-bom child his knowledge and belief to the registrar, before the expiration to be given to of forty-two days from the date on which the child was found, registrar such information of the particulars required to be registered within forty-concerning the birth of the child as the informant possesses, and two ys’ in the presence of the registrar to sign the register:

Provided that the giving of information and the signing of the register by any one of the said persons shall act as a discharge of any duty under this section of any other of them.

4. Where, after the expiration of forty-two days from the Registrar’s date of the birth of any child or from the date when any living power to new-born child is found exposed, the birth of the child has, j^omLtion owing to the default of the persons required to give information concerning concerning it, not been registered, the registrar may by notice in birth, writing require any qualified informant—

(a) to attend personally at the registrar’s office, or at some other place appointed by the registrar within his sub-district, before such date (being not less than seven

168

Part I —cent.

Registration of births free of charge.

Registration between three and twelve months from date of birth.

Ch. 20 Births and Deaths 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Registration , 1953

days after the receipt of the notice nor more than three months after the date of the birth or finding) as may be specified in the notice; and

(b) to give information to the best of that person’s knowledge and belief of the particulars required to be registered concerning the birth; and

(c) to sign the register in the presence of the registrar:

Provided that any such requirement shall cease to have effect if, before the date specified in the notice and before the person to whom the notice is given complies with it, the birth is duly registered.

5. Where the registrar receives personally from any qualified informant, at any time before the expiration of three months from the date of the birth of any child or from the date when any living new-both child is found exposed, information of the particulars required to be registered concerning the birth of the child, then, subject as may be prescribed in the case of an alleged still-birth where no certificate such as is mentioned in subsection

(1) of section eleven of this Act is delivered, he shall forthwith register the birth and the particulars, if not previously registered, in the prescribed form and manner without any fee or reward from the informant:

Provided that if in pursuance of a request in writing the registrar registers the birth—

(a) at the residence of the person making the request; or

(b) at the house at which the birth took place, that house

not being a public institution,

the informant shall pay to the registrar a fee of one shilling and sixpence.

6. —(1) Where, after the expiration of three months from the date of the birth of any child or from the date when any living new-born child is found exposed, the birth of the child has not been registered, the registrar may by notice in writing require any qualified informant—

la) to attend personally at the district register office before such date (being not less than seven days after the receipt of the notice nor more than twelve months after the date of the birth or finding) as may be specified in the notice; and

(b) to make before the superintendent registrar a declaration

according to the best of the declarant’s knowledge and belief of the particulars required to be registered concerning the birth; and

(c) to sign the register in the presence of the registrar and

the superintendent registrar.

1953 Births and Deaths Ch. 20 169

Registration Act, 1953

(2) Upon any qualified informant attending before the registrar Part I and superintendent registrar, whether in pursuance of a require- —com. ment or not, and making such a declaration as aforesaid and

giving information concerning the birth, the registrar shall then and there in the presence of the superintendent registrar register the birth according to the information of the declarant, and the superintendent registrar before whom the declaration is made, the registrar and the declarant shall each sign the entry of the birth.

(3) On the registration of a birth under this section, the declarant shall pay a fee of three shillings and ninepence to the superintendent registrar and, except where the delay was caused by the failure of the registrar to make a requirement under section four of this Act or otherwise by the registrar’s default, a like fee to the registrar.

(4) This section shall not apply in the case of a still-birth.

7.—(1) Where, after the expiration of twelve months from the Registration date of the birth of any child or from the date when any living after twelve new-born child is found exposed, the birth of the child has T°nthf not been registered, the birth shall not be registered except with 01 mrt * the written authority of the Registrar General and in such manner and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed, and the fact that the authority of the Registrar General has been obtained shall be entered in the register.

(2) On the registration of a birth under this section, the informant shall pay a fee of seven shillings and sixpence to the superintendent registrar and, except where the delay was caused by the failure of the registrar to make a requirement under section four or six of this Act or otherwise by the registrar’s default, a like fee to the registrar.

(3) This section shall not apply in the case of a still-birth.

8. Save as provided in the two last foregoing sections, a Penalty for registrar shall not register the birth of any child after the expira- improper tion of three months from the date of birth or, in the case of a living new-born child found exposed, from the date of the find- monthsfVom ing, and any person who registers any birth, or causes any birth ^te of birth, to be registered, in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

9.—(1) Any person required by or under this Act to give infor- Giving of mation to the registrar concerning a birth, not being a still-birth, information to may give that information by making and signing in the presence other

F* registrar.

170 Ch. 20 Births Deaths 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Registration , 1953

Part I of and delivering to such officer as may be prescribed a declara-

—cont. tion in writing of the particulars required to be registered con-

cerning the birth.

(2) The officer in whose presence such a declaration is made shall send the declaration to the registrar who shall in the prescribed manner enter the birth in the register.

(3) An entry made under the last foregoing subsection shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to have been signed by the person who signed the declaration, and a person making a declaration under this section shall be deemed to have given information concerning the birth to the registrar and to have complied with any requirement of the registrar made under this Act to attend and give that information.

(4) Where a declaration is made under this section, the declarant shall pay to the officer in whose presence the declaration is made a fee of three shillings, without prejudice, however, to any fee payable under section six or seven of this Act.

Provision as to 10. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of father of this Act, in the case of an illegitimate child, no person shall as

fflegtimate father of the child be required to give information concerning

c * the birth of the child, and the registrar shall not enter in the

register the name of any person as father of the child except at the joint request of the mother and the person acknowledging himself to be the father of the child, and that (person shall in that case sign the register together with the mother.

Special 11.—(1) Any qualified informant giving information to the

provision as registrar of the particulars required to be registered concerning a stiii-birth shall upon giving that information either—

(a) deliver to the registrar a written certificate that the child

was not born alive, signed by a registered medical practitioner or certified midwife who was in attendance at the birth or who has examined the body of the child; or

(b) make a declaration in the prescribed form to the effect

that no registered medical practitioner or certified midwife was present at the birth or has examined the body, or that his or her certificate cannot be obtained, and that the child was not bom alive.

(2) The registrar upon registering a still-birth shall, if so required, give either to the informant or to the person who has control over, or who ordinarily effects the disposal of bodies at, the place at which it is intended to dispose of the child’s body a certificate under his hand in the prescribed form that he has

1953 Births and Deaths Ch. 20

Registration , 1953

registered the still-birth, but may, on receiving written notice of the still-birth accompanied by such a certificate as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection, before registering the still-birth give to the (person sending the notice a certificate that he has received notice of the still-birth; and any certificate given under this subsection shall be given without fee.

(3) A registrar by whom a certificate has been given under the last foregoing subsection may, upon receiving a satisfactory explanation of any circumstances by reason of which the certificate is not available for the purposes of the enactments relating to the disposal of the bodies of dead persons, issue on payment of the prescribed fee a duplicate thereof either to the person to whom the original certificate was given or to the person effecting the disposal; and any such duplicate certificate shall be in a distinctive form.

12. At the time of registering the birth of any child, the registrar shall, if so required by the informant of the birth and upon payment to him by the informant of a fee not exceeding fourpence, give to the informant a certificate under his hand in the prescribed form that he has registered the birth.

13. —(1) Where, before the expiration of twelve months from the date of the registration of the birth of any child, the name by which it was registered is altered or, if it was registered without a name, a name is given to the child, the registrar or superintendent registrar having the custody of the register in which the birth was registered, upon delivery to him at any time of a certificate in the prescribed form signed—

(a) if the name was altered or given in baptism, either by

the person who performed the rite of baptism or by the person who has the custody of the register, if any, in which the baptism is recorded, or

(b) if a name has not been given to the child in baptism, by

the father, mother or guardian of the child or other person procuring the name of the child to be altered or given,

and upon payment to him by the person procuring the name mentioned in the certificate to be entered of a fee of one shilling and sixpence, shall, without any erasure of the original entry, forthwith enter in the register the name mentioned in the certificate as having been given to the child, and, after stating upon the certificate the fact that the entry has been made, shall forthwith send the certificate to the Registrar General together with a certified copy of the entry of the birth with the name added under this subsection.

F* 2

171

Part I —cont.

Certificate of registration of birth.

Registration of name of child or of alteration of name.

172 Ch. 20 Births and Deaths 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Registration , 1953

Part I (2)Where the name of a child is altered or given in baptism, —corn. the person who performed the rite of baptism or who has the custody of any register in which the baptism is recorded shall issue the certificate required under this section on payment of a fee not exceeding one shilling and sixpence.

(3) This section shall apply with the prescribed modifications in relation to births at sea of which a return is sent to the Registrar General.

(4) This section shall not apply in relation to a still-born child.

Re-registration 14.—(l) Where, in the case of any person whose birth has

of births of been registered in England or Wales, evidence is produced to the Registrar General which appears to him to be satisfactory that that person has become a legitimated person within the meaning of the Legitimacy Act, 1926, the Registrar General may authorise at any time die re-registration of that person's birth, and the re-registration shall be effected in such manner and at such place as may be prescribed:

Provided that, except where—

(a) the name of a person acknowledging himself to be the

father of the legitimated person has been entered in the register in pursuance of section ten of this Act; or

(b) the paternity of the legitimated person has been estab-

lished by an affiliation order or otherwise by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; or

(c) a declaration of the legitimacy of the legitimated person

has been made under section seventeen of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1950,

the Registrar General shall not authorise the re-registration unless information with a view to obtaining it is furnished by both parents.

(2) Where the Registrar General believes any person to have become a legitimated person within the meaning of the Legitimacy Act, 1926, on the marriage of his parents, and the parents or either of them fail to furnish within a period of three months from the date of the marriage such information, if any, as may be necessary to enable the Registrar General to authorise die reregistration of that person's birth, the Registrar General may at any time after the expiration of the said period require the parents or either of them to give him such information concerning the matter as he may consider necessary, verified in such manner as he may direct, and for that purpose to attend personally either at a registrar's office or at any other place appointed by him within such time, not being less than seven days after the receipt of the notice, as may be specified in the notice.

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

173

(3) No fee for re-registration under this section shall be Part l charged if the necessary information for the purpose is furnished —cant. before the expiration of the said period of three months; but in

any other case there shall be charged in respect of the re-registra-tion such fees, not exceeding in the aggregate ten shillings, as may be prescribed.

(4) This section shall apply with the prescribed modifications in relation to births at sea of which a return is sent to the Registrar General.

Part II Registration of Deaths

15. Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, the Particulars of death of every person dying in England or Wales and the cause deaths to be thereof shall be registered by the registrar of births and deaths registered-for the sub-district in which the death occurred by entering in

a register kept for that sub-district such particulars concerning the death as may be prescribed:

Provided that where a dead body is found and no information as to the place of death is available, the death shall be registered by the registrar of births and deaths for the sub-district in which the body is found.

16. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have information

effect where a person dies in a house. concerning

death in

(2) The following persons shall be qualified to give information a house, concerning the death, that is to say—

(a) any relative of the deceased person present at the death

or in attendance during his last illness;

(b) any other relative of the deceased residing or being in

the sulxlistrict where the death occurred;

(c) any person present at the death;

() the occupier of the house if he knew of the happening

of the death;

(e) any inmate of the house who knew of the happening of

the death;

(/) the person causing the disposal of the body.

(3) It shall be the duty—

(a) of the nearest relative such as is mentioned in paragraph

(a) of the last foregoing subsection; or

(b) if there is no such relative, of each such relative as is

mentioned in paragraph (b) of that subsection; or

(c) if there are no such relatives, of each such person as is

mentioned in paragraph (c) or () of that subsection; or

y

174

Part n —cont.

Information concerning other deaths.

Ch. 20 Births and Deaths 1 & 2 2

Registration Act, 1953

() if there are no such relatives or persons as aforesaid, of each such person as is mentioned in paragraph (e) or (/) of that subsection,

to give to the registrar, before the expiration of five days from the date of the death, information to the best of his knowledge and belief otf the particulars required to be registered concerning the death, and in the presence of the registrar to sign the register:

Provided that—

(i) the giving of information and the signing of the register

by any one qualified informant shall act as a discharge of any duty under this subsection of every other qualified informant;

(ii) this subsection shall not have effect if an inquest is held

on the body or touching the death of the deceased person.

17.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect where a person dies elsewhere than in a house or where a dead body is found and no information as to the place of death is available.

(2) The following persons shall be qualified to give information concerning the death, that is to say—

(a) any relative of the deceased who has knowledge of any

of the particulars required to be registered concerning the death;

(b) any person present at the death;

(c) any person finding or taking charge of the body;

() any person causing the disposal of the body.

(3) It shall be the duty—

(a) of each such relative as is mentioned in paragraph (a)

of the last foregoing subsection; or

(b) if there are no such relatives, of each other qualified

informant,

to give to the registrar, before the expiration of five days from the date of the death or of the finding of the body, such information of the particulars required to be registered concerning the death as the informant possesses, and in the presence of the registrar to sign the register:

Provided that—

(i) the giving of information and the signing of the register

by any one qualified informant shall act as a discharge of any duty under this subsection of every other qualified informant;

(ii) this subsection shall not have effect if an inquest is held

on the body or touching the death of the deceased person.

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

175

18. If, before the expiration of five days from the date of the death or of the finding of the dead body of any person, a qualified informant of that person’s death sends to the registrar a written notice of the occurrence of the death or of the finding of the body accompanied by a notice given under subsection (2) of section twenty-two of this Act of the signing of a certificate of the cause of death, the information of the particulars required to be registered concerning the death need not be given before the expiration of the said five days, but shall, notwithstanding the notice, be given before the expiration of fourteen days from the date aforesaid by the person giving the notice or by some other qualified informant.

19. —(1) Where, after the expiration of the relevant period from the date of the death or finding of the dead body of any person, the death of that person has, owing to the default of the persons required to give information concerning it, not been registered, the registrar may by notice in writing require any qualified informant—

(a) to attend personally at the registrar’s office, or at some other place appointed by the registrar within his subdistrict, before such date (being not less than seven days after the receipt of the notice nor more than twelve months from the date of the death or of the finding of the body) as may be specified in the notice; and (b) to give information to the best of the informant’s knowledge and belief of the particulars required to be registered concerning the death; and

(c) to sign the register in the presence of the registrar:

Provided that any such requirement shall cease to have effect if, before the date specified in the notice and before the person to whom the notice is given complies with it, either—

(i) the death is duly registered; or

(ii) an inquest is held on the body or touching the death of

the deceased person.

(2) In this section, the expression " the relevant period " means—

(a) where notice has been duly given to the registrar in

accordance with the last foregoing section, fourteen days;

(b) in any other case, five days.

20. Where the registrar receives personally from any qualified informant, at any time before the expiration of twelve months from the date of the death or finding of the dead body of any person, information of the particulars required to be registered concerning that person’s death, then, so soon as he has received any particulars required to be registered concerning the cause of death which are required to be given by any person other

Part n —cont. Notice

preliminary to information of death.

Registrar’s

power to

require

information

concerning

death.

Registration of death free of charge.

176

Ch. 20

Birthsjmd Deaths

Registration Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part II than the informant, he shall forthwith register the death and the —coni. particulars, if not previously registered, in the prescribed form and manner without any fee or reward from the informant: Provided that if in pursuance of a request in writing the registrar registers the death—

(a) at the residence of the person making the request; or

(b) at the house where the deceased died, that house not

being a public institution, the informant shall pay to the registrar a fee of one shilling and sixpence.

Registration of death after twelve months.

21.—(1) After the expiration of twelve months from the date of the death or finding of the dead body of any person, the death of that person shall not be registered except with the written authority of the Registrar General and in such manner and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed, and the fact that the authority of the Registrar General has been obtained shall be entered in the register.

(2) When any death is registered under this section upon the giving of information by a qualified informant, that informant shall pay a fee of seven shillings and sixpence to the superintendent registrar and, except where the delay was caused by the failure of the registrar to make a requirement under section nineteen of this Act or otherwise by the registrar’s default, a like fee to the registrar.

(3) Any person who registers any death, or causes any death to be registered, in contravention of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

Certificates of 22.—(1) In the case of the death of any person who has been

cause of death, attended during his last illness by a registered medical practitioner. that practitioner shall sign a certificate in the prescribed form stating to the best of his knowledge and belief the cause of death and shall forthwith deliver that certificate to the registrar.

((2) On signing a certificate of the cause of death under the foregoing subsection the medical practitioner shall give in the prescribed form to some qualified informant of the death notice in writing of the signing of the certificate, and that person shall, except where an inquest is held on the body or touching the death of the deceased person, deliver the said notice to the registrar.

(3) Except where an inquest is held on the body or touching the death of the deceased person or a post-mortem examination of his body is made by virtue of section twenty-one of the Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926, a registrar to whom a certificate of cause of death is delivered under subsection (1) of this section shall enter in the register the cause of death as stated in the certificate, together with the name of the certifying medical practitioner.

1953 Births and Deaths Ch. 20 177

Registration Act, 1953

(4) The Registrar General shall from time to time furnish Part H to every registrar printed forms of the certificates required to be — signed by registered medical practitioners under subsection (1) of this section, and every registrar shall furnish such forms free of charge to any registered medical practitioner residing or practising in that registrar’s sub-district.

23. —(1) Where an inquest is held on any dead body or touch- Furnishing of ing any death the coroner shall send to the registrar, within information five days after the finding of the inquest is given, a certificate by coroner, under his hand giving information concerning the death and specifying the finding with respect to the particulars required

to be registered concerning the death and with respect to the cause of death, and specifying the time and place at which the inquest was held.

(2) On receiving a certificate under the foregoing subsection the registrar shall in the prescribed form and manner register the death and the particulars as found at the inquest, and, if the death has been previously registered, the said particulars shall be entered in the prescribed manner without any alteration of the original entry.

(3) When a post-mortem examination is made of any dead body by virtue of section twenty-one of the Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926, and as a result thereoif die coroner is satisfied that an inquest is unnecessary, the coroner shall send to the registrar a certificate under his hand stating the cause of death as disclosed by the report of the person making the examination, and the registrar shall in the prescribed form and manner make an entry thereof in the register accordingly.

24. —(1) The registrar, upon registering any death, shall Certificates as forthwith give to the person giving information concerning the to registration death a certificate under his hand that he has registered the of death-death; but may, before registering the death and subject to such conditions as may be prescribed, upon receiving written notice

of the occurrence of a death in respect of which he has received a certificate under section twenty-two of this Act, give to the person sending the notice, if required to do so, a certificate under his hand that he has received notice of the death; and any certificate given under this subsection shall be given without fee:

Provided that the registrar shall not issue any such certificate in any case in which he is satisfied that a coroner's order has been issued authorising the disposal of the body.

(2) Where the body of a deceased person has been removed into England or Wales from some place outside both those countries for disposal, and no order has been given by a coroner in respect thereof, the registrar of the sub-district in which it is intended to dispose of the body, iif it appears that the death is

178

Ch. 20

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

1 & 2 B 2

Part II —com.

Provision of registers, etc., by Registrar General.

not required by law to be registered in England or Wales, shall, upon application by the person procuring die disposal and upon payment of the prescribed fee, give a certificate to that effect in the prescribed form.

(3) A person to whom any certificate issued by the registrar under this section is delivered shall transmit it to the person effecting the disposal of the body of the deceased person.

(4) A registrar by whom a certificate has been given under this section may, upon receiving a satisfactory explanation of any circumstances by reason of which the certificate is not available for the purposes of the enactments relating to the disposal of the bodies of dead persons, issue on payment of the prescribed fee a duplicate thereof either to the person to whom the original certificate was given or to the person effecting the disposal of the body; and any such duplicate certificate shall be in a distinctive form.

(5) Where, on the expiration of the prescribed period after the issue in respect of any deceased person of a certificate under this section or of a coroner’s order authorising the disposal of the body, no notification as to the date, place and means of disposal of the body has been received by the registrar from the person effecting its disposal, the registrar shall make enquiry of the person to whom the certificate or order was issued and if shall be the duty of that person to give information to the best of his knowledge and belief as to the person having the custody of the certificate or order, the place in which the body is lying, or, if the body has been disposed of, the person effecting die disposal.

(6) In this section, the expression " person effecting the disposal " means the person by whom or whose officer the register in which the disposal is to be recorded is kept, except that, in the case of a burial under the Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880, or section four of the Welsh Church (Burial Grounds) Act, 1945, in the churchyard or graveyard of a parish or ecclesiastical district, it shall be construed as referring to the relative, friend or legal personal representative having charge of or being responsible for the burial of the deceased person.

Part III General Registers, certified copies, etc.

25. Registers of live-births, still-births and deaths shall be in such form as may be respectively prescribed, and the Registrar General shall provide any such registers, and any of the forms hereafter mentioned for making certified copies of entries in registers, which may be required for the purposes of this Act.

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

179

26. —<1) Every registrar shall in the months of January, April, part in

July and October on such days as may be appointed by the —cont. Registrar General— Quarterly

(a) make and. deliver to the superintendent registrar in the maciTby0 *

prescribed form a true copy, certified by him in the registrar to

prescribed manner, of all the entries of live-births, still- superintendent

births and deaths made in the registers kept by registrar.

him during the period of three months ending with

the last day of the month immediately preceding that

in which the copy is required by this subsection to be

made;

(b) if no live-birth, still-birth or death has been registered

in his sub-district during that period, deliver to the superintendent registrar in the prescribed form a certificate to that effect under his hand.

(2) Where a certified copy is delivered to the superintendent registrar under the foregoing subsection, the superintendent registrar shall verify the copy and, if the copy is found to be correct, shall certify it under his hand to be a true copy; and where a certificate that there have been no registrations is so delivered, the superintendent registrar shall countersign the certificate.

27. Every superintendent registrar shall four times in every Quarterly year, on such days as may be appointed by the Registrar returns by General, send to die Registrar General all certified oopies of superintendent entries in registers of live-births, still-births or deaths which

he has received during the three months immediately preceding General, the days so appointed respectively, and if the copy of any part of any register has not been duly delivered to him the superintendent registrar shall procure, as far as is possible consistently with the provisions of this Act, that the deficiency is remedied.

28. —(1) Every registrar shall keep safely all registers of live- Custody of births, still-births and deaths which are in his custody and, when registers, etc. not in use, the registers shall be kept in the register box provided

for the purpose by the Registrar General.

(2) When a register of live-births or a register of deaths is filled, the registrar shall deliver it to the superintendent registrar to be kept by him with the records of his office.

(3) When a register of still-births is filled, the registrar shall deliver it to the superintendent registrar, who shall forward it to the Registrar General.

(4) The certified copies sent to the Registrar General under the last foregoing section and the registers forwarded to him

180

Ch. 20

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part III

—cont.

Correction of errors in registers.

Searches of indexes kept by Registrar General.

under the last foregoing subsection shall be kept in the General Register Office in such order and manner as the Registrar General, subject to any directions of the Minister, may think fit:

Provided that where a filled register of still-births has been forwarded to the Registrar General he may destroy any certified copies of entries therein previously sent to him.

29.—(1) No alteration shall be made in any register of live-births, still-births or deaths except as authorised by this or any other Act.

(2) Any clerical error which may from time to time be discovered in any such register may, in the prescribed manner and subject to the prescribed conditions, be corrected by any person authorised in that behalf by the Registrar General.

(3) An error of fact or substance in any such register may be corrected by entry in the margin (without any alteration of the original entry) by the officer having the custody of the register, upon payment to him by the person requiring the error to be corrected of a fee of three shillings and ninepence and upon production to him by that person of a statutory declaration setting forth the nature of the error and the true facts of the case made by two qualified informants of the birth or death with reference to which the error has been made, or in default of two qualified informants then by two credible persons having knowledge of the truth of the case.

(4) Where an error of fact or substance (other than an error relating to the cause of death) occurs in the information given by a coroner’s certificate concerning a dead body upon which or a death touching which he has held an inquest, the coroner, if satisfied by evidence on oath or statutory declaration that such an error exists, may certify under his hand to the officer having the custody of the register in which the information is entered the nature of the error and the true facts of the case as ascertained by him on that evidence, and the error may thereupon be corrected by that officer in the register by entering in the margin (without any alteration of the original entry) the facts as so certified by the coroner.

Searches and Certificates

30.—(1) The Registrar General shall cause indexes of all certified copies of entries in registers sent to him under this Act or under any enactment repealed by this Act to be made and kept in the General Register Office.

(2) Any person shall be entitled to search the said indexes at any time when the General Register Office is open for that purpose, and to have a certified copy of any entry in the said

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

181

certified copies, on payment to the Registrar General or to such other person as may be appointed to act on his behalf of the following fees respectively, that is to say—

(a) for every general search, the sum of thirty shillings;

(b) for every particular search, the sum of one shilling and

sixpence; and

(c) for every certified copy, the sum of three shillings and

ninepence.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to certified copies of entries in registers of still-births, but the Registrar General may, if he sees fit in any particular case and on payment as aforesaid of the appropriate fee aforesaid, cause a search to be made for, and allow any person to have a certified copy of, any entry in any such certified copies or in any filled register of still-births which has been forwarded to him.

31. —(1) Every superintendent registrar shall cause indexes of the registers of live-births and registers of deaths in his register office to be made and to be kept with the other records of that office, and the Registrar General shall supply to every superintendent registrar suitable forms for the making of such indexes.

(2) Any person shall be entitled at any time when the register office is required to be open for the transaction of public business to search the said indexes, and to have a certified copy of any entry in the said registers under the hand of the superintendent registrar, on payment by that person to the superintendent registrar of file following fees respectively, that is to say—

(a) for every general search, the sum of seven shillings and

sixpence;

(b) for every particular search, the sum of one shilling and

sixpence; and

(c) for every certified copy, the sum of three shillings and

ninepence.

32. Every registrar shall at any time when his office is required to be open for the transaction of public business allow searches to be made in any register of births or register of deaths in his keeping, and shall give a copy certified under his hand of any entry therein, on payment of the following fees respectively, that is to say—

(a) for every search oovering a period of not more than

one year, the sum of one shilling and sixpence;

(b) for every search covering a period of more than one year.

Part III

—com.

Searches of indexes kept

by

superintendent

registrars.

Searches in registers kept by registrars.

182

Part HI — co.

Short certificate of birth.

Entry in register as evidence of birth or death.

Ch. 20 Births and Deaths 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Registration , 1953

the sum of one shilling and sixpence for the first year together with an additional ninepence for every additional year; and

(c) for every certified copy the sum of three shillings and ninepence:

Provided that this section shall not apply in relation to a register of still-births except as the registrar may, with the consent of the Registrar General, in any particular case allow.

33. —(1) Any person shall, on payment of a fee of ninepence and on furnishing the prescribed particulars, be entitled to obtain from the Registrar General, a superintendent registrar or a registrar a short certificate of the birth of any person.

(2) Any such certificate shall be in the prescribed form and shall be compiled in the prescribed manner from the records and registers in the custody of the Registrar General, or from the registers in the custody of the superintendent registrar or registrar, as the case may be, and shall contain such particulars as may be prescribed:

Provided that any particulars prescribed in addition to name, surname, sex and date of birth shall not include any particulars relating to parentage or adoption contained in any such reoords or registers.

34. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect in relation to entries in registers under this Act or any enactment repealed by this Act.

(2) An entry or a certified copy of an entry of a birth or death in a register, or in a certified copy of a register, shall not be evidence of the birth or death unless the entry purports to be signed by some person professing to be the informant and to be such a person as might be required by law at the date of the entry to give to the registrar information concerning that birth or death:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply—

(a) in relation to an entry of a birth which, not being an

entry signed by a person professing to be a superintendent registrar, purports to have been made with the authority of the Registrar General; or

(b) in relation to an entry of a death which purports to

have been made upon a certificate from a coroner; or

(c) in relation to an entry of a birth or death which purports

to have been made in pursuance of the enactments with respect to the registration of births and deaths at sea.

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

183

(3) Where more than three months have intervened between the date of the birth of any child or the date when any living new-born child was found exposed and the date of the registration of the birth of that child, the entry or a certified copy of the entry of the birth of the child in the register, or in a certified copy of the register, shall not be evidence of the birth unless—

(a) if it appears that not more than twelve months have so

intervened, the entry pur,ports either to be signed by the superintendent registrar as well as by the registrar or to have been made with the authority of the Registrar General;

(b) if more than twelve months have so intervened, the entry purports to have been made with the authority of the Registrar General:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in any case where the original entry in the register was made before the first day of January, eighteen hundred and seventy-five.

(4) Where more than twelve months have intervened between the date of the death or of the finding of the dead body of any person and the date of the registration of that person's death, the entry or a certified copy of the entry of the death in the register, or in a certified copy of the register, shall not be evidence of the death unless the entry purports to have been made with the authority of the Registrar General:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in any case where the original entry in the register was made before the first day of January, eighteen hundred and seventy-five.

(5) A certified copy of an entry in a register or in a certified copy of a register shall be deemed to be a true copy notwithstanding that it is made on a form different from that on which the original entry was made if any differences in the column headings under which the particulars appear in the original entry and the copy respectively are differences of form only and not of substance.

(6) The Registrar General shall cause any certified copy of an entry given in the General Register Office to be sealed or stamped with the seal of that Office; and, subject to the foregoing provisions of this section, any certified copy of an entry purporting to be sealed or stamped with the said seal shall be received as evidence of the birth or death to which it relates without any further or other proof of the entry, and no certified copy purporting to have been given in the said Office shall be of any force or effect unless it is sealed or stamped as aforesaid.

Part ID —cont.

184

Part III —cont.

Offences relating to registers.

Penalties for failure to give information, etc.

Penalty lor forging certificate, etc.

Ch. 20 Births and Deaths 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Registration Act, 1953

Offences

35. If any person commits any of the following offences, that is to say—

(a) if, being a registrar, he refuses or without reasonable

cause omits to register any birth or death or particulars concerning which information has been tendered to him by a qualified informant and which he is required by or under this Act to register; or

(b) if, being a person having the custody of any register of births or register of deaths, he carelessly loses or injures the register or allows the register to be injured,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

36. If any person commits any of the following offences, that is to say—

(a) if, being required by or under this Act to give informa-

tion concerning any birth or death or any living newborn child or any dead body, he wilfully refuses to answer any question put to him by the registrar relating to the particulars required to be registered concerning the birth or death, or save as provided in this Act, fails to comply with any requirement of the registrar made thereunder;

(b) if he refuses or fails without reasonable excuse to give, deliver or send any certificate which he is required by this Act to give, deliver or send;

(c) if, being a parent and save as provided in this Act, he

fails to give information concerning the birth of his child as required by this Act; or

(d) if, being a parent of a legitimated person within the meaning of the Legitimacy Act, 1926, he fails to comply with any requirement of the Registrar General made under or by virtue of section fourteen of this Act; or

(e) if, being a person upon whom a duty to give information concerning a death is imposed by paragraph ( ) of subsection (3) of section sixteen or seventeen of this Act. he fails to give that information and that information is not given, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings for each offence.

37. If any person forges or falsifies any certificate, declaration or order under this Act, or knowingly uses, or gives or sends to any person, as genuine any false or forged certificate, declaration or order for the purposes of this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

Ch. 20

185

38.—(1) Subject as may be prescribed, a superintendent Part III registrar may prosecute any person for an offence under —corn. this Act committed within his district, and any costs incurred Prosecution by him in any such prosecution, being costs which are not of offences and otherwise provided for, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided ftJStion by Parliament.

(2) Any sum paid to the Secretary of State in pursuance of section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, in respect of a fine recovered under this Act shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of that section and shall be paid by the Secretary of State into the Exchequer.

Miscellaneous

39. The Registrar General may, with the approval of the Regulations. Minister, by statutory instrument make regulations—

(a) prescribing anything which by this Act is required to

be prescribed;

(b) providing that any provision of this Act specified in

the regulations, being a -provision relating to the registration or entry of births, shall cease to apply in relation to still-births or, in the case of a provision expressed by this Act not to apply in relation to still- . births, shall apply in relation to still-births with such modifications, if any, as may be prescribed:

Provided that paragraph (b) of this section shall not apply in relation to section nine or eleven of this Act.

40. Any notice, information, declaration, certificate, requisi- Sending

tion, return or other document required by or under this Act documents by may be sent by -post. post*

41. In this Act, except where the context otherwise requires, interpretation, the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively

assigned to them, that is to say—

" birth " includes a live-birth and a still-birth;

" disposal ", in relation to a dead body, means disposal by burial, cremation or any other means, and cognate expressions shall be construed accordingly;

"general search" means a search conducted during any number of successive hours not exceeding six, without the object of the search being specified;

" house " includes a public institution;

" live-birth " means the birth of a child born alive;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Health;

186

Ch. 20

Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1953

1 & 2 E2

Part III —con/.

" occupier " in relation to a public institution, includes die governor, keeper, master, matron, superintendent, or other chief resident officer, and, in relation to a house let in separate apartments or lodgings, includes any person residing in the house who is the person under whom the lodgings or separate apartments are immediately held, or his agent;

44 particular search " means a search of the indexes covering a period not exceeding five years for a specified entry;

44 public institution " means a prison, lock-up or hospital, and such other public or charitable institution as may be prescribed;

44 prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made under section thirty-nine of this Act;

44 qualified informant ", in relation to any birth or death, means a person who is by this Act or, in the case of a birth or death occurring before the commencement of this Act, by any enactment repealed by this Act required, or stated to be qualified, to give information concerning that birth or death;

"registrar" in relation to any birth or death, means the registrar of births and deaths for the sub-district in which the birth or death takes place, or where any living new-born child is found exposed or any dead body is found and no information as to the place of birth or death is available, for the sub-district in which the child or the dead body is found;

" relative " includes a relative by marriage and, in relation to a person in respect of whom an adoption order has been made under the Adoption of Children Act, 1926, the Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930, or the Adoption Act, 1950, or under the Adoption of Children Act (Northern Ireland), 1929, or any other Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force, also includes any person who would be a relative if the adopted person were the child of the adopter born in lawful wedlock;

44 still-born child " means a child which has issued forth from its mother after the twenty-eighth week of pregnancy and which did not at any time after being completely expelled from its mother breathe or show any other signs of life, and the expression " still-birth " shall be construed accordingly;

44superintendent registrar" in relation .to any registrar, means - the superintendent registrar of births, deaths and marriages for the district in which that registrar’s subdistrict is situate.

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1953

Ch. 20

187

42.—(1) Any registration effected, certificate issued, notice or m

information given, order, regulations or return made or other —com. thing done under any enactment repealed by this Act shall, if in Savings., etc force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force, and have effect as if effected, issued, given, made or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(2) Any form used, and any requirement as to the particulars to be entered in any form used, for the purposes of any enactment repealed by this Act in force immediately before the commencement of this Act shall continue in force as though prescribed under this Act until other forms or particulars are so prescribed.

(3) Where a period of time specified in any enactment repealed by this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, this Act shall have effect as if the corresponding provision thereof had been in force when that period began to run.

(4) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall unless the contrary intention appears be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall affect any provision of the Population (Statistics) Act, 1938, requiring particulars to be furnished for the purposes of that Act.

(6) Nothing in this Act shall affect the registration of baptisms or burials, or the right of any officiating minister to receive any fees now usually paid for the performance or registration of any baptism or burial.

(7) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

43.—(1) The enactments specified in the First Schedule to this Repeals and Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively consequential specified in that Schedule. amendments.

(2) The enactments set out in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule.

(3) The Registration (Births, Still-births, Marriages and Deaths) (Fees) Order, 1952, shall cease to have effect so far as it relates to any fee fixed by any enactment repealed by this Act:

Provided that—

(a) the power of the Minister under section twenty-three of the Local Government Act, 1929, by order to increase, and to vary any increase in, the fees fixed by the Registration Acts shall, in relation to this Act, be construed

188

Part III —cont.

Short title, extent and commencement.

action 43.

Ch. 20 Births and Deaths 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Registration , 1953

as a power to make such variations, and such variations only, in the fees fixed by this Act as might have been made if—

(i) for the fees fixed by this Act there were substituted the corresponding fees in force immediately before the making of the said order of 1952 under the enactments repealed by this Act; and

(ii) the said order of 1952 had not ceased to have effect as provided by this subsection;

(b) on the coming into operation of this Act, the reference in subsection (2) of the said section twenty-three to the increase effected by an order under that section shall be construed as including a reference to any amount by which the fees fixed by this Act, or those fees as varied by any such order, exceed the corresponding fees aforesaid.

44.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Consequential Amendments of other Enactments

A. The Births and Deaths Registration , 1874 (37 & 38 Vict. c. 88.

1. At the end of paragraph (6) of section thirty-seven there shall be inserted the following proviso:—

" Provided that no return of still-births shall be required to be made under this paragraph to the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in England ".

B. The Births and Deaths Registration , 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 48.

2. In subsection (1) of section one, for the reference to a certificate of the registrar given in pursuance of that Act there shall be substituted a reference to a certificate of the registrar given under subsection (2) or (3) of section eleven or under section twenty-four of this Act

3. In section five, for the reference to a certificate given by the registrar under the provisions of that Act relating to still-births, there shall be substituted a reference to a certificate given by the registrar under subsection (2) or (3) of section eleven of this Act

1953

Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1953

Ch. 20

189

C. The Legitimacy Act, 1926 (16 & 17 . 5. c. 60.

4. For paragraph 6 of the Schedule there shall be substituted the following paragraph—

" 6. Any parent who fails to give information as required by this Schedule shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings and any sum paid to the Secretary of State in pursuance of section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, in respect of a fine recovered under this paragraph shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of that section and shall be paid by the Secretary of State into the Exchequer.*'

SECOND SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Will. 4. The Births and Deaths c. 86. Registration Act, 1836.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22. 37 & 38 Vict, c. 88.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.

In section fourteen the words from "and the register" to " box " where next occurring; sections seventeen, eighteen, and thirty-two; section thirty-four from the beginning to "supplied" and from "and the certified" onwards; in section thirty-five the words from " and every * to " marriages "; sections thirty-seven, thirty-eight, forty-six, forty-seven and forty-nine; and schedules A, B and D.

Sections eight, twenty-six, twenty-eight and thirty.

Sections one to five, seven to sixteen, twenty, twenty-three and thirty; in section thirty-two, the first and third paragraphs; sections thirty-five and thirty-six; in section thirty-seven, the words from the beginning to "effect," paragraph (1) from " and shall * onwards, paragraphs (2), (3), (4) and (5), and in paragraph (6) the words " under the provisions of this section"; sections thirty-eight to forty-four; in section forty-five the words from the beginning to " Act and * and the words from "where* onwards; sections forty-seven to forty-nine; section fifty-two; and the First, Second

and Third Schedules.

1st Sch. —cont.

Section 43.

190

Ch. 20

Births and Deaths

Registration , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 48. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1926. Section two; subsection (2) of section three; sections six and seven; subsection (3) of section thirteen from the words *and the " onwards; and the First Schedule.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 59. The Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926. Subsection (2) of section twenty-one.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 60. The Legitimacy Act, 1926 Paragraphs 1, 3 and 5 of the Schedule.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Local Government Act, 1929. Section twenty-six.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 12. The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1947. The whole Act

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874 Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880

Interpretation Act, 1889

Adoption of Children Act, 192

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1926 Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926

Legitimacy Act, 1926

Local Government Act, 1929

Adoption of Children (Scotland) Act, 1930

Population (Statistics) Act, 1938

Welsh Church (Burial Grounds) Act, 1945 Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure)

1949

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

Matrimonial Causes Act, 1950 ...

Adoption Act, 1950

Session and Chapter

... 37 & 38 Vict. c. 88.

... 43 & 44 Vict 44 Vict. c. 41.

... 52 & 53 Vict 53 Vict. c. 63.

... 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 29.

... 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 48.

... 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 59.

... 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 60.

... 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 17.

... 20 &21 Geo. 5. c. 37.

... 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 12.

... 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 27.

Act,

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6.C.33. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

... 14 Geo. 6. c. 25.

... 14 Geo. 6. c. 26.

1953

Road Transport Lighting

Act, 1953

Ch. 21

191

CHAPTER 21

Road Transport Lighting , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Reflectors to be carried by vehicles at night.

2. Increase in number of rear red lights to be carried by vehicles at night.

3. Rear lights on vehicles with projecting or overhanging loads.

4. Reversing white lights.

5. Multi-purpose lamps.

6. Supplementary provisions about regulations.

7. Short title, citation, construction and extent.

An Act to amend the law in relation to the rear lighting of road vehicles; and for purposes connected therewith.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Every vehicle on any road shall during the hours of Reflectors darkness within the meaning of section one of the Road Trans- to be carried port Lighting Act, 1927 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the by vehicles principal Act "), carry attached to the vehicle two unobscured at n,ght and efficient red reflectors, and it shall be the duty of any person who causes or permits a vehicle to be on any road during those hours to provide the vehicle with reflectors in accordance with the requirements of this subsection and of any regulations made for the purposes 'thereof under section nine of the principal Act (which confers power to prescribe the conditions with which reflectors must comply and the 'position and manner in which they are to be attached):

Provided that—

(a) in the case of a bicycle or tricycle not .propelled by mechanical power or of a bicycle propelled by mechanical power and not having a sidecar attached thereto, one reflector only shall be required; and

(b) in the case of a vehicle drawing one or more other vehicles, reflectors need not be carried by any of them except the rearmost vehicle or a vehicle more than five feet from the vehicle behind it (the distance being measured between the nearest points of the vehicles, disregarding the drawbar and any fitting for its attachment).

192

Ch. 21

Road Transport Lighting

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(2) Where a vehicle’s tail light is so constructed that, when not showing a light, it is an efficient red reflector complying with any regulations made for the purposes of this section under section nine of the principal Act which apply to the vehicle, it shall be treated for the purposes of this section as being such a reflector when it is, as well as when it is not, showing a light.

In this subsection, "tail light" means, in relation to any vehicle, any lamp carried attached to the vehicle for the purpose of showing a red light to the rear in accordance with (the principal Act, as amended, or regulations thereunder.

(3) A vehicle shall not be required to exhibit a white surface under subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1934 (which relates to vehicles exempted by the principal Act from showing a red light to the rear), or under section two of the Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945 (which relates to bicycles and tricycles not propelled by mechanical power).

(4) Regulations under section nine of the principal Act may make different provision in respect of vehicles of different classes or descriptions, or in respect of vehicles of the same class or description in different circumstances; and in subsection (2) of section nineteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1934 (which penalises the sale of appliances adapted for use as reflectors in accordance with the principal Act, if they do not comply with the conditions prescribed under the said section nine), for the words " the Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927," there shall be substituted the words " the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 to 1953," and for the words " the conditions prescribed under section nine of that Act " there shall be substituted the words " conditions prescribed under those Acts for a class or description of vehicles for which the appliance is adapted ".

(5) Without prejudice to the power to exempt from, or to add to or vary, the requirements of this section in the cases provided for by subsections (2) and (3) of section one of the principal Act, the Minister shall have power by regulation to exempt either wholly or partly, and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the regulation, from the requirements of this section, or any of them, vehicles of any .particular class or description either generally or in any particular circumstances.

(6) The proviso to section ten of the principal Act shall be amended by the substitution for the words " a lamp or lamps " of the words " any lamp or reflector ".

(7) In sub-paragraph (b) of paragraph (iii) of section six™ of the principal Act, the words from the first " if " onwards, subsection (1) of section nineteen of the Road Traffic Act, 1934, and section two of the Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945, are hereby repealed.

1953

Road Transport Lighting

Act, 1953

Ch. 21

193

(8) This section shall come into operation on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

2. —(1) The said section one of the principal Act shall be Increase in amended by the substitution for the words " one lamp " in para-num^ ?f . graph (b) of subsection (1) of that section of the words " two t^beSrr^* lamps, each ", and by the substitution for the words " in efficient by vehicles at condition " of the words " in a clean and efficient condition night.

(2) The Minister may by regulations prescribe the conditions to be complied with by lamps carried on vehicles in accordance with the provisions of the principal Act or of any regulations made thereunder and showing a red light to the rear, and regulations under this subsection may make different provision in respect of vehicles of different classes or descriptions or in respect of vehicles of the same class or description in different circumstances.

(3) This section shall come into operation on such day as the Minister may by order made by statutory instrument prescribe and the Minister may, if he thinks fit, prescribe different days for the coming into operation of this section in respect of different classes or descriptions of vehicle or postpone or defer the coming into operation thereof in respect of any particular class or description of vehicle.

(4) On the coming into operation of subsection (1) of this section in relation to any particular class or description of vehicle, the following amendments of the principal Act shall have effect in relation to that class or description of vehicle—

(a) section five of the principal Act (which modifies the

provisions of that Act in its application to bicycles, tricycles and invalid carriages) shall be amended by the addition at the end of paragraph (a) of the words " and in the case of a bicycle or tricycle not propelled by mechanical power, or of a bicycle propelled by mechanical power and not having a sidecar attached thereto, only a single lamp showing a red light to the rear instead of two such lamps need be carried ";

(b) section eight of the principal Act (which modifies the

provisions of that Act in its application to vehicles towing or being towed) shall be amended by the substitution for the words " a lamp " in paragraphs (a) and (c) of subsection (1) thereof of the word "lamps ".

3. —(1) Where a vehicle on a road during the hours of dark- Rear lights on ness carries a load projecting to the rear more than three and vehicles with a half feet behind its tail light, it shall carry a rear lamp in such SSy a position that no part of the load projects to the rear more than load&T g three and a half feet behind that rear lamp:

o

194 Ch. 21 Road Transport Lighting 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

, 1953

Provided that the Minister may by regulations direct that in relation to vehicles of any prescribed class or description this subsection shall have effect with the substitution for references to three and a half feet of references to such longer distance, not being more than six feet, as may be prescribed in relation to vehicles of that class or description.

(2) The Minister may by regulations provide that, subject to any prescribed exceptions, where a vehicle on a road during the hours of darkness carries a load overhanging laterally by more than the prescribed distance (measured from such point as may be specified in the regulations), the vehicle shall carry a rear lamp in the prescribed position to indicate the overhang; and any such regulations may apply to a vehicle otherwise exempted from carrying a rear lamp by section eight of the principal Act (which relates to vehicles towing and being towed).

(3) Every rear lamp carried in accordance with this section or regulations made under it shall comply with the prescribed conditions, and shall be carried in addition to the tail light:

Provided that the Minister may by regulations exempt, in any prescribed circumstances, a vehicle carrying such a rear lamp from carrying a tail light or from carrying two tail lights.

(4) Nothing in paragraph (iii) of section six of the principal Act (which exempts horse drawn agricultural vehicles from carrying rear lamps) shall exempt any implement or vehicle to which that paragraph applies from complying with this section or any regulations made under it, but in relation to any such implement or vehicle a reference to the red reflectors required by section one of this Act shall be substituted for the reference in subsection (1) of this section to the tail light.

(5) In this section—

(a) " hours of darkness " has the same meaning as in section one of the principal Act;

(b) " rear lamp " means a lamp showing to the rear a red light visible from a reasonable distance;

(c) " tail light " means any rear lamp carried attached to

the vehicle in accordance with the principal Act, as amended, or regulations thereunder.

(6) Paragraph (2) of section seven of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

(7) This section shall come into operation on such date, not earlier than the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, as the Minister may by order made by statutory instrument prescribe.

Reveniiig 4.—(1) Subsection (2) of section two of the principal Act

white lights, (which prohibits the showing of a light, other than a red light, to the rear) shall not apply to lamps which are carried by vehicles and show a white light to the rear for the purpose of reversing.

1953

Road Transport Lighting

Act, 1953

Ch. 21

195

(2) Section three of the principal Act (which empowers the Minister by regulation to prescribe conditions applicable to lamps showing a light to the front) shall be extended so as to enable the Minister by regulation to prescribe the conditions subject to which such lamps as are referred to in this section may be used, including conditions as to such matters as are specifically referred to in the said section three or any of them.

5. —(1) Nothing in the principal Act or this Act shall require Multi-purpose a vehicle to carry separate lamps for different purposes, if it lamps, carries a lamp satisfying all the requirements which would be applicable to separate lamps carried by it for those purposes.

(2) The Minister’s power to make regulations as to the position in which lamps carried for the purpose of subsection (1) of 'section one of the principal Act are to be attached to the vehicle shall include power to make special (provision, as respects any cdass or description of vehicle, as to the position in which a lamp carried for the purposes both of paragraph (a) and of paragraph (b) of that subsection is to be attached; and in a case for which special provision is so made the reference in the foregoing subsection to the requirements which would be applicable to separate lamps shall not include the requirements of any regulations as to the position of a separate lamp carried for the purposes of the said paragraph (a) or (h).

(3) Paragraph (i) of section six of the principal Act is hereby repealed.

(4) This section shall come into operation on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

6. —(1) Any power to make regulations conferred by this Act Supplementary shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and any such instru- provisions ment shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution

of either House of Parliament.

(2) Without prejudice to section thirty-seven of the Interpretation Act, 1889, any power to make regulations conferral by any section of this Act may be exercised at any time after the passing of this Act, but so that the regulations shall not come into force with respect to vehicles of any class or description ibefore the section comes into force with respect to vehicles of that class or description.

7. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Transport Lighting Short title.

Act, 1953. citation, con-

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act, an

and this Act and the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927

and 1945, may be cited together as the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 to 1953.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

196 Ch. 21, 22 Road Transport Lighting 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

, 1953

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Interpretation Act, 1889 Road Transport Lighting Act, 1927 Road Traffic Act, 1934 Road Transport Lighting (Cycles) Act, 1945 ... 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 37. 24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50. 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 8.

CHAPTER 22

An Act to amend the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 and 1945; and for purposes incidental thereto.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Parked 1. Subsection (2) of section one of the Road Transport

vehicles. Lighting Act, 1927, shall have effect as if for paragraph ( ) (under 17 & 18 Geo. 5. which regulations may, subject to any prescribed conditions, c* 37* authorise vehicles to be parked in special parking places without

the lights required by the Act) there were substituted—

" (b)any vehicles or vehicles of any class or description when standing or parked within one hundred yards of a street lamp or on road verges or in places specially set aside for the purpose".

Application to 2.—(1) Subsection (1) of section fourteen of the said Act and

trolley vehicles, the definition of "public service vehicles " in section fifteen shall have effect as if the words " or trolley vehicles " were omitted.

(2) In relation to trolley vehicles, subsection (2) of section eleven of the said Act (which repeals Acts and other instruments relating to the lighting of vehicles on roads) shall apply to instruments passed or made at any time before the coming into force of this section, other than the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 to 1953, and instruments having effect thereunder.

(3) Any regulations having effect under the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 to 1953, on the day when this section first has effect shall apply to public service vehicles which are trolley vehicles as they apply to other public service vehicles, except in so far as the contrary is provided by any such regulations made after the passing of this Act.

1953

Road Transport Lighting (No. 2)

Act, 1953

Ch. 22, 23

197

(4) This section shall have effect as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Road Transport Lighting Short title (No. 2) Act, 1953. andcitatio

(2) This Act shall be included among the Acts which may be cited together as the Road Transport Lighting Acts, 1927 to 1953.

CHAPTER 23

An Act to prohibit the taking of certain commissions in dealings with persons seeking houses or flats to let and the unauthorised advertisement for letting of houses and flats.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any person Illegal who, during the continuance in force of this Act,— commissions

(a) demands or accepts payment of any sum of money in advertisements, consideration of registering, or undertaking to register, the name or requirements of any person seeking the tenancy of a house;

(b) demands or accepts payment of any sum of money in consideration of supplying, or undertaking to supply, to any person addresses or other particulars of houses to let; or

(c) issues any advertisement, list or other document describing any house as being to let without the authority of the owner of the house or his agent,

shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under this section by reason of his demanding or accepting payment from the owner of a house of any remuneration payable to him as agent for the said owner.

(3) A person being a solicitor shall not be guilty of an offence under this section by reason of his demanding or accepting payment of any remuneration in respect of business done by him as such.

(4) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under this section by reason of his demanding or accepting any payment in consideration of the display in a shop, or of the publication in a

le

198

Ch. 23, 24

Accommodation Agencies Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Short title, extent, commencement and duration.

Repeal of certain special provisions regulating the wills of seamen and marines. 28 & 29 Vict, c. 72.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 38.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c 87.

newspaper, of any advertisement or notice, or by reason of the display or publication as aforesaid of an advertisement or notice received for the purpose in the ordinary course of business.

(5) Any person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months, or to both such fine and imprisonment.

(6) In this section the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them that is to say:—

" house " includes any part of a building which is occupied or intended to be occupied as a dwelling;

" newspaper " includes any periodical or magazine;

" owner ", in relation to a house, means the person having power to grant a lease of the house.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Accommodation Agencies Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation one month after the date on which it is passed.

(4) This Act shall cease to have effect on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

CHAPTER 24

An Act to amend the law with respect to the operation of wills made by members of the naval and marine forces; and for purposes connected therewith.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Section five of the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865 (which regulates the operation of wills made by seamen and marines in respect of wages and other property described in that section) and section six of that Act (which makes special provisions as to wills made by seamen and marines while prisoners of war) shall cease to have effect; and accordingly the whole of that Act, the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1930, and the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1939, are hereby repealed.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to the will of any person who has died before the commencement

1953

Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1953

Ch. 24, 25

199

of this Act, nor render invalid any will made before the commencement of this Act which would be valid apart from those provisions; and so much of the said section five as relates to the admission to probate in England (in respect of property described in that section) of wills made by seamen and marines in conformity with that section, and to representation under such wills, shall apply in relation to any will so made before the commencement of this Act as if that section had not been repealed.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall come into operation one month after the date on which it is passed.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 25

Local Government Superannuation , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Superannuation benefits

Section

1. Regulations as to superannuation benefits.

2. Additional provisions as to regulations.

3. Amendment of local Acts, etc., by or in consequence of regulations.

4. Consequential amendments of other enactments, etc.

Miscellaneous amendments of law relating to superannuation

5. Service after age of compulsory retirement, etc.

6. Re-employment of certain pensioners.

7. Miscellaneous amendments as to service.

8. Miscellaneous amendments as to contributory employees, contributions,

etc.

9. Female members of staffs of children’s homes and hostels.

10. Special provision as to certain female nurses, etc.

11. Persons entering local authority employment from other pensionable

employment.

12. Persons entering local authority employment from employment in the

National Health Service.

13. Provision with respect to certain service with the National Fire Service.

14. Medical inspectors of aliens.

15. Power to admit employees of other bodies.

16. Allocation of part of superannuation benefits to spouse or dependant.

17. Amendments as to employees guilty of certain offences or misconduct.

18. Gratuities.

19. Amendment of definition of "registration officer ".

Miscellaneous and general

20. Benefits, etc., not assignable.

21. Decision of questions and appeals.

22. Modification of local Acts, etc.

Short tide, commencement and extent

200

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

1 & 2 E2

Section

23. Superannuation of justices* clerks, probation officers, etc.

24. Provisions as to certain clerks of the peace and county council.

25. Payments due to deceased employees.

26. Regulations, rules and schemes.

27. Interpretation.

28. Expenses.

29. Citation and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Amendments to Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, on coming into force of regulations.

Second Schedule—Amendments to Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937, on coming into force of regulations.

Third Schedule—Superannuation of justices* clerks and their staffs, etc.

Fourth Schedule—Superannuation of probation officers and their staffs.

An Act to amend the law as to the benefits to be payable to or in respect of contributors to superannuation funds maintained by local authorities and as to the persons entitled to participate in the benefits of those funds; to amend the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937, and the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937; to provide alternative benefits to those provided under section nine of the Local Government (Clerks) Act, 1931; to make provision as to payments due from local authorities to deceased employees; and for purposes connected therewith.

[14th July 1953.]

Regulations as to super-annuation benefits.

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Superannuation benefits

1.—(1) The Minister may by regulations make provision as to the superannuation benefits which shall be payable to or in respect of persons who are or have been contributory employees within the meaning of the principal English Act

(2) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision as to the superannuation benefits which shall be payable to or in respect of persons who are or have been contributory employees within the meaning of the principal Scottish Act.

(3) The superannuation benefits for which provision may be made by any such regulations may include—

(a) benefits by way of annual amounts and lump sum payments to contributory employees who, having completed such periods of service as may be prescribed

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

201

by the regulations, cease to be employed by an employing authority after attaining such age, or in such other circumstances, as may be so prescribed;

(b) benefits by way of annual amounts to the widow of any person who—

(i) being a contributory employee, dies after completing such period of service as may be prescribed by the regulations; or

(ii) having been a contributory employee, dies while he is entitled to any benefit by way of annual amounts under the regulations; or

(iii) having been a contributory employee and having completed such period of service as may be prescribed by the regulations, dies within such period after ceasing to be a contributory employee as may be so prescribed;

(c) benefits by way of annual amounts to contributory employees who are permanently incapacitated as a result of injuries sustained or disease contracted in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the regulations;

() benefits by way of annual amounts or a lump sum pay-

ment in respect of any contributory employee who dies as a result of injuries sustained or disease contracted as aforesaid;

(e) benefits by*way of lump sum payments to contributory

employees who are incapacitated by ill-health or infirmity before becoming entitled to any other benefit under the regulations;

(f) benefits by way of lump sum payments upon the death of any person who is or has been a contributory employee and has completed such period of service as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(4) Any such regulations may make different provision for different classes of (persons and for different circumstances and—

(a) may include provision for granting, in such cases as may

be prescribed by the regulations, to persons who have been contributory employees before (the coming into force of the first such regulations an option to enjoy rights to superannuation benefits corresponding to those previously enjoyed by them in lieu of all or such as may be so prescribed* of the rights which they would otherwise enjoy under or by virtue of the regulations;

(b) may be so framed as to apply, in such cases as may be

prescribed by the regulations, in relation to persons who, having been contributory employees, have died

G*

302

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Additional provisions as to regulations.

or ceased to be contributory employees before die coming into force of the first such regulations but since the thirtieth day of September nineteen hundred and fifty;

(c) may include such supplementary, incidental and consequential provisions as appear to the Minister or, as the case may be. to the Secretary of State to be necessary or expedient.

(5) Any benefit payable under any such regulations shall be paid out of the appropriate superannuation fund, and in the case of a benefit by way of annual amounts payment shall be made at such intervals, not being longer than three months, as the appropriate administering authority may determine:

Provided that, where the regulations provide for the grant of any benefit, or for an increase in the amount of any benefit, at the discretion of the employing authority, the regulations may also provide that any extra charge on the superannuation fund resulting from an exercise of that discretion shall be repaid in whole or in part to the fund by the authority.

(6) No regulations shall be made under this section unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

2.—(1) The superannuation regulations may include

provision for securing that a contributory employee who possesses such professional or other special qualifications as may be prescribed by the regulations shall, with the consent of the employing authority and subject to payment by the employee and the authority of such additional contributions, if any, and subject to such other conditions, as may be so prescribed, be entitled to reckon additional years of service.

(2) An employing authority may, on a benefit becoming payable under the superannuation regulations to or in respect of any contributory employee of theirs, resolve that the whole or a specified part of that employee’s non-contributing service shall 'be reckoned as contributing service, and in that case the amount of the benefit shall be calculated accordingly:

Provided that any extra charge on the superannuation fund resulting from such a resolution shall be repaid to the fund by the authority.

(3) A contributory employee shall be entitled, if he pays a sum or sums calculated in such manner and payable at such time or times as may be prescribed by the superannuation regulations, to have the whole or a specified part of his non-contributing service reckoned as contributing service.

(4) Where, immediately before the coming into force of the first superannuation regulations, any contributory employee, in

1953 Local Government Ch. 25 203

Superannuation Act, 1953

pursuance of proviso (ii) to paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section eight of the principal Act, or of that proviso as amended by any local Act or scheme, has made any payment, or is in the process of paying any sum by instalments, in order to become entitled to a superannuation allowance in respect of any year of non-contributing service at the rate of some fraction higher than one one-hundred-and-twentieth, or, as the case may be, one one-hundred-and-sixtieth, that payment or those instalments shall, on the coming into force of ithe said regulations, be deemed to be a payment made or instalments payable in pursuance of subsection

(3) of this section and that year of non-contributing service shall be reckonable—

(a) if the said higher fraction is one-sixtieth, or, as the case

may be, one-eightieth, as a year of contributing service; or

(b) if the said higher fraction is less than onensixtieth, or,

as the case may be, than one-eightieth, as such period of contributing service as is obtained by multiplying the year of non-contributing service by sixty, or, as die case may be, by eighty, and dividing it by the denominator of the said higher fraction:

Provided that paragraph (b) of this subsection shall not operate to reduce the length of service reckonable for the purpose of determining whether the employee is entided to participate in the benefits of any superannuation fund or whether a benefit has become payable to or in respect of the employee under the regulations.

3.—(1) In relation to any local Act contributor who— Amca<hnait

(a) is on the medical or nursing staff of a local health ^.°by0rjn authority; or consequence

ib)is employed as a medical officer by any other localof regulations, authority, being a local authority in England or Wales; or

(c) is employed by an education authority for the purposes

of the school health service on the medical or nursing staff of the authority; or id) falls within a designated class or description of persons, the superannuation regulations may provide for the relevant local Act scheme to apply as if, in consideration of the contributions required thereby, for all or any of the 'benefits under the scheme there were substituted such of the benefits provided under the regulations as are prescribed by those regulations and for the local Act scheme to -have effect accordingly with such modifications, if any, as are so prescribed; and, for the purposes of this subsection, subsection (4) of section one of this Act shall have effect as if the references therein to contributory employees included references to such a local Act contributor.

G* 2

204

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

In this subsection—

" local health authority " means—

(i) in relation to England and Wales, a local health authority within the meaning of the National Health Service Act, 1946, or a joint board constituted under section nineteen of that Act;

(ii) in relation to Scotland, a local health authority within the meaning of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or a joint committee or board constituted under section twenty of that Act;

" education authority " means in relation to England and Wales a local education authority within the meaning of the Education Act, 1944, and in relation to Scotland an education authority within the meaning of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946;

" designated " means—

(i) in relation to England and Wales, designated by the Minister; or

(ii) in relation to Scotland, designated by the Secretary of State,

after consultation with associations of local authorities appearing to the Minister or, as the case may be, to the Secretary of State to be concerned.

(2) Every local Act authority shall, within twelve months after the making of the first superannuation regulations, make a scheme for modifying their local Act scheme so as to secure that the benefits of their superannuation fund are so adapted that, with respect to any service reckonable for the purposes of the local Act scheme, there are enjoyed by and in respect of persons who, not being persons to whom subsection (1) of this section applies, are or have been local Act contributors entitled to participate in the benefits of that fund rights not substantially less extensive or favourable than those which would have been enjoyed with respect to that service if those persons were or had been in the employment of an employing authority under Part I of the principal Act.

43) Where there is in force within the area of any local authority a local Act conferring, in lieu of the benefits conferred by Part I of the principal Act, any other benefits similar to the benefits conferred by the superannuation regulations, the benefits conferred by the superannuation regulations shall be deemed for the purposes of the local Act to have been conferred by Part I of the principal Act, but the authority may, and if so required by the Minister or, in the case of an authority in Scotland, by the Secretary of State shall, make a scheme for the purpose of adapting, modifying or repealing the local Act so far

1953 Local Government Ch. 25 205

Superannuation Act, 1953

as appears to them, or, as the case may be, to the Minister or the Secretary of State, to be necessary or expedient by reason of the coming into force of the regulations.

(4) Where, in pursuance of any local Act in force within the area of any local authority, provision is made for benefits supplementary to or in augmentation of the superannuation benefits under Part I of the principal Act or under a local Act scheme, the authority may, and if so required by the Minister or, in die case of an authority in Scotland, by the Secretary of State shall, make a scheme—

(a) for modifying or adapting that provision; or

(b) for discontinuing that provision and disposing of any assets held for the purposes thereof,

if it appears to them or, as the case may be, to the Minister or the Secretary of State to be expedient or desirable so to do by reason of the coming into force of the superannuation regulations.

4.—(1) On the coming into force of the first superannuation Consequential regulations made under subsection (1) of section one of this

Act . , enactments,

(a) the following provisions of the principal English Act, etc.

that is to say, section eight, in section eleven subsection (2) and (so far as it relates to that subsection) subsection (3), section fourteen and subsection (2) of section sixteen, shall cease to have effect, without prejudice, however, to any superannuation allowance to which any person has become entitled or to any gratuity granted thereunder;

(b) the principal English Act shall have effect subject to

the further consequential amendments set out in the First Schedule to this Act;

(c) paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section sixty-seven of

the National Health Service Act, 1946, Parts III and IV of the National Health Service (Superannuation)

Regulations, 1950, and the National Health Service (Superannuation) (Amendment) (No. 1) Regulations,

1952, shall cease to have effect;

() the reference in subsection (3) of section seventy-two of

the Representation of the People Act, 1948, to the provisions of section eight of the principal English Act shall include a reference to the provisions of the superannuation regulations.

(2) On the coming into force of the first superannuation regulations made under subsection (2) of section one of this Act—

(a) the following provisions of the principal Scottish Act, that is to say, section eight, in section eleven subsection

206

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(2) and (so far as it relates to that subsection) subset tion (3), section fourteen and subsection (2) of section sixteen, shall cease to have effect, without prejudice* however, to any superannuation allowance to which any person has become entitled or to any gratuity granted thereunder;

(b) the principal Scottish Act shall have effect subject to the further consequential amendments set out in the Second Schedule to this Act; and

(c) paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section sixty-six

of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, and Parts III and IV of the National Health Service (Scotland) (Superannuation) Regulations, 1950, shall cease to have effect.

Service after age of compulsory retirement, etc.

Miscellaneous amendments of law relating to superannuation

5.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect in order to enable service rendered after the age of compulsory retirement to be reckoned for the purpose of calculating the amount of any superannuation benefit and in order to remove certain other limitations on the amount of a superannuation allowance.

(2) In section six of the principal Act (which relates to the payment of contributions), for the proviso to subsection (1) there shall be substituted the following—

" Provided that a contributory employee who—

(a) has attained the age of seventy years; or

(b) being a female employee to whom section sixteen

of this Act applies, has attained the age of sixty-five years; or

(c) has completed not less than forty-five years’ ser-

vice, counting contributing service at its full length and non-contributing service at half its actual length, and attained an age of not less than sixty-five years,

shall not contribute under this section ".

(3) In section seven of the principal Act, subsection (3) (which provides that service rendered after attaining the age of compulsory retirement shall not be reckonable for superannuation purposes) shall cease to have effect.

(4) In section eight of the principal Act, subsection (3) (which provides that a superannuation allowance shall not exceed two-thirds of the employee’s average remuneration) shall cease to have effect.

(5) In subsection (1) of section forty of the principal English Act and in subsection (1) of section thirty-four of the principal Scottish Act, in the definition of "service " for the words " the

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

207

age of sixty-five years " where first occurring there shall be substituted the words " any age at which, by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1) of section six of this Act, he ceases to be liable to contribute to the superannuation fund, so, however, that any number of years by which, counting contributing service at its full length and non-contributing service at half its actual length, his service before attaining the age of sixty years exceeded forty years shall be disregarded "

(6) In Part II of the Second Schedule to the principal English Act, in sub-paragraph 1 of paragraph B (which provides that contributions shall not be paid by certain clerks to county councils after they attain the age of sixty-five years) the words from * but " onwards shall cease to have effect.

(7) Where a contributory employee who at the date of the passing of this Act is over the age of sixty-five years becomes entitled to reckon any period as service by virtue only of the provisions of this section, he shall be entitled to reckon that period as contributing service if within three months after the said date he pays to the appropriate administering authority a sum equal to the contributions which he would have been required to pay if this section had been in force when he attained the said age; and, where he does so, the sum shall be deemed to be contributions in respect of that period.

(8) Where any person, having become entitled to a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act—

(a) is immediately before the date of the passing of this

Act in the employment of a local authority otherwise than as a contributory employee; but

(b) if this Act had been in force when he entered that em-

ployment, would, have been a contributory employee in that employment,

he shall be entitled to reckon the period of that employment falling before the said date as contributing service if within three months after the said date he pays to the appropriate administering authority a sum equal to the contributions which he would have been required to pay in respect of that period if this Act had been in force when he entered that employment; and, where he does so, the sum shall be deemed to be contributions in respect of that period.

(9) The scheme made by a local Act authority under subsection (2) of section three of this Act shall secure that, in relation to persons who are at the passing of this Act, or thereafter become, entitled to participate in the benefits of the superannuation fund maintained by that authority, the local Act scheme makes provision with respect to the reckoning of service for the purposes of the scheme corresponding to that made by this section with respect to the reckoning of contributing service.

208

Re-employ* ment of certain pensioners.

Miscellaneous amendments as to service.

Ch. 25 Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Superannuation , 1953

6. —(1) Where a person who is entitled to a pension or injury allowance payable out of public funds or under a local Act scheme enters the employment of any employing authority or local Act authority and that pension or allowance is on that account liable to be reduced or suspended, the service in respect of which that pension or allowance was granted shall be deemed to be service rendered to a local authority for the purpose of determining whether the person is entitled to become a contributory employee or local Act contributor or to receive a benefit under section eight of the principal Act or under the superannuation regulations or, as the case may be, under the local Act scheme, but for no other purpose.

(2) In the calculation of any benefit payable to or in respect of such a person as a contributory employee or local Act contributor, account shall not be taken of any number of years of his service as a contributory employee or local Act contributor by which those years, together with the years of service in respect of which the pension or allowance was granted, exceed such number as the Minister or, where that person is employed by an authority in Scotland, the Secretary of State may by regulations prescribe.

(3) Where, under subsection (2) of section thirty-one of the principal English Act or under subsection (2) of section twenty-six of the principal Scottish Act or under any scheme made under the principal Act, any superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act or any benefit under the superannuation regulations is liable to be reduced upon the person entitled thereto accepting further employment with a local authority, the service in respect of which that allowance or benefit was granted shall be reckonable as service for the purpose of determining whether that person is entitled to become a contributory employee or local Act contributor; and accordingly in each of the said subsections, after the word "prescribed " where first occurring, there shall be inserted the words " but the service in respect of which that allowance was granted shall be reckonable as service for the purpose of determining whether the employee is entitled to become a contributory employee or local Act contributor ".

7. —(1) Where any person—

(a) ceases to be a contributory employee or local Act contributor under any local authority in such circumstances that a transfer value is paid by the appropriate administering authority or local Act authority to some body or person other than an administering authority or local Act authority; and

1953

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

Ch. 25

209

(b) subsequently becomes a contributory employee or a local

Act contributor in such circumstances that no transfer value is paid to the appropriate administering authority or, as die case may be, to the local Act authority, then, notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section twelve of the principal Act or in any corresponding provision of the local Act scheme, he shall not be entitled to reckon any service prior to the date on which he so ceased to be a contributory employee or local Act contributor.

(2) Where any person who has been in the employment of an officer of a local authority, being employment in which he was engaged wholly or mainly in the performance of duties relating to the functions of that authority, leaves or has left that employment in order to enter upon—

(a) service in the armed forces of the Crown, being service

rendered between the fourth day of August, nineteen hundred and fourteen, and the thirty-first day of August* nineteen hundred and twenty-one; or

(b) service in the armed forces of the Crown undertaken by

virtue of an enlistment notice or a training notice served under the National Service Acts, 1939 to 1947, or the National Service Acts, 1948 to 1950; or

(c) service by way of work or training in pursuance of an

order of a tribunal under section five of the National Service (Aimed Forces) Act, 1939 (which relates to conscientious objectors), or in pursuance of an order made or direction given under Part I of the National Service Act, 1948, as respects a conditionally registered conscientious objector; or

() service of a description specified in the First Schedule to

the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951, other than such service as is mentioned in paragraph (b)or paragraph (c) of this subsection

the period of that service and, except in the case of such service as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, any period immediately following the termination thereof during which that person, with the consent of the officer whose employment he left, continued in similar service shall be deemed for the purposes of subsection (6) of section twelve of the principal Act (which enables the first local authority under whom any person becomes a contributory employee to determine that such employment as aforesaid shall be taken into account in reckoning that person’s non-contributing service) to be a period of service in such employment as aforesaid:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in relation to any period of service which, by virtue of subsection (4) of section three of the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939,

Ch. 25 Local Government 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Superannuation , 1953

as amended by paragraph 5 of Part I of the Schedule to the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948, is already deemed for the purposes aforesaid to be a period of service in such employment as aforesaid..

(3) If the following conditions are fulfilled with respect to any contributory employee, that is to say—

(a) that he has been for a continuous period of not less

than three years in the employment of an officer of a local authority and engaged wholly or mainly in the performance of duties relating to the functions of that authority; and

(b) that he has subsequently entered the employment of that

or some other local authority; and either

(c) that the first local authority under whom he became a

contributory employee has not made a determination in pursuance of subsection (6) of section twelve of the principal Act that the whole of the period aforesaid shall be taken into account in reckoning his noncontributing service; or

() that such a determination has been made but he is a

person to whom subsection (2) of this section applies,

then the local authority under whom he is a contributory employee at the date of the passing of this Act may, within one year from that date—

(i) in a case where a determination has been made in pur-

suance of the said subsection (6) that part only of that service shall be so taken into account, determine that die whole or any additional part of that service shall be so taken into account; or

(ii) in any other case determine that the whole or any part of that period shall be so taken into account;

and for the purposes of this subsection the references in subsection (2) of this section and in subsection (4) of section three of the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939, to the said subsection (6) shall be construed as including a reference to this subsection.

(4) If a person who has rendered any service as a supplementary teacher in the employment of the managers of a public elemental^ school maintained but not provided by a local education authority for elementary education under the Education Act, 1921, or of the managers or governors of a voluntary school within the meaning of the Education Act, 1944, becomes or has become a contributory employee in England or Wales, and that service is not treated as recognised or contributory service under the Teachers (Superannuation) Acts, 1918 to 1946, and, but for the provisions of this subsection, would not be

1953

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

Ch. 25

211

reckonable as service for the purposes of the principal English Act, then that service shall be deemed for superannuation purposes to have been rendered to a local authority.

(5) If a person who is a contributory employee has, at any time before becoming such an employee, been appointed by and at the expense of a superintendent registrar or a registrar of births and deaths to be his deputy and has in that appointment devoted substantially the whole of his time to the duties of the officer to whom he is deputy, then—

(a) the period of that appointment; and

(b) if he ceased, to hold that appointment in order to enter

upon war service within the meaning of the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939, or any service such as is mentioned in paragraphs (a) to ( of subsection (2) of this section, the period of that service; and

(c) except in the case of such service as is mentioned in para-

graph (a) of the said subsection (2), any period immediately following the termination of any such service during which that person, with the consent of the officer to whom he was deputy, continued in similar service,

shall be deemed for superannuation purposes to have been a period of service rendered to a local authority.

(6) For the pur,poses of the definition of "service " in subsection (1) of section forty of the principal English Act or in subsection (1) of section thirty-four of the principal Scottish Act, service as a local Act contributor shall be reckonable notwithstanding that it was not service rendered to a local authority, and accordingly in each of those definitions, immediately before the word "after " where first occurring there shall be inserted the words " or service rendered to any other person or body as a local Act contributor, being in any case service rendered "; and in the definition of "local Act contributor " in each of the said subsections, the words " in the employment of a local Act authority " shall be omitted.

(7) For the purposes of the said definitions of "service", a person’s service in any employment shall be reckonable notwithstanding that he has already become entitled in respect of that service in that employment to a superannuation benefit under the principal Act or any other Act unless he has entered the employment of a local authority since becoming so entitled and that service was taken into account for the purpose of determining whether he was entitled to receive that benefit or for the purpose of calculating the amount of that benefit; and accordingly in each of the said definitions for the words from " but does not include" onwards there shall be substituted the words "but, in

212 Ch. 25 Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Superannuation , 1953

the case of a person who has entered the employment of a local authority after becoming entitled to a superannuation benefit under, or under regulations made under, this or any other Act, does not include service which was taken into account for the purpose of determining whether he was entitled to receive that benefit or for the purpose of calculating the amount of that benefit ".

(8) In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section twelve of the principal Act (which relates to service reckonable as contributing service), the references to the principal Act and to regulations made under that Act shall include references to this Act and to regulations made under this Act.

Miscellaneous amendments as to

contributory

employees,

contributions,

etc.

8.—(1) If a contributory employee under a local authority ceases to be employed by them but within twelve months reenters their employment, then, notwithstanding that he may not on his re-employment be such a person as is mentioned in subsection (2) of section three of the principal Act, he shall again become a contributory employee under that authority.

(2) An application for the purposes of proviso (b) to subsection

(2) of section four of the principal English Act or of the proviso to subsection (2) of section four of the principal Scottish Act (which relate to the power of the Minister, or, as the case may be, of the Secretary of State to designate the appropriate superannuation fund in relation to the contributory employees of certain employing authorities) may be made at any time, and accordingly in each of those provisos the words "before the appointed day " are hereby repealed.

(3) A contributory employee who, otherwise than owing to ill-health or injury, is on leave of absence at a reduced remuneration or who for any reason is on leave of absence without remuneration shall be entitled to continue to contribute to the appropriate superannuation fund the like amount as if his remuneration had not been reduced or discontinued; and accordingly in subsection (5) of section six of the principal Act after the words "reduction of remuneration" there shall be inserted the words " or if a contributory employee is, otherwise than owing to ill-health or injury, on leave of absence at a reduced, remuneration or is for any reason on leave of absence without remuneration " and at the end there shall be added the words " or discontinued "; and in paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of section eight of the principal Act after the word "reduction " there shall be inserted in the first place where it occurs the words "or discontinuance " and in the second place where it occurs the word "discontinuance ".

(4) Notwithstanding anything in section ten of the principal Act (which relates to the return of contributions in certain cases).

1953 Local Government Ch. 25 213

Superannuation Act, 1953

no payment shall be made thereunder to an employee of a local authority who leaves their employment in order to enter the employment of another local authority in such circumstances that he becomes a contributory employee entitled to participate in the benefits of the same superannuation fund as before his change of employment; and accordingly at the end of subsection (6) of that section there shall be added the words " or that he becomes a contributory employee entitled to participate in the benefits of the same superannuation fund as before his change of employment

9.—(1) Section sixteen of the principal Act (which makes Female special provision with respect to the age of compulsory retirement and the superannuation benefits of certain female contributory ‘hildren’8 employees) shall apply to any person to whom this section applies homes and who is a contributory employee in like manner as it applies to a hostels, female nurse who is a contributory employee.

(2) This section shall apply to any female member of the staff of a children’s home or hostel provided by a local authority under any enactment, other than an enactment relating to education, being a person—

(a) who is employed in a capacity in which she has the care

of persons under the age of eighteen years and who holds either the certificate of the National Nursery Examination Board or a certificate in the residential care of children; or

(b) who has since attaining the age of fifty years been con-

tinuously employed on the staffs of such homes or hostels in such a capacity as aforesaid; or

(c) who falls within any class or description of persons

designated by the Minister or, in the case of an authority in Scotland, by the Secretary of State after consultation with associations of local authorities appearing to the Minister or, as the case may be, to the Secretary of State to be concerned:

Provided that this section shall not apply to any person who—

(i) at the date of the .passing of this Act is a person to whom

this section would otherwise apply by virtue of paragraph (a) or (6) of this subsection; or

(ii) at the date of any designation for the purposes of para-

graph (c) of this subsection by the Minister or, as the case may be, by the Secretary of State, is a person to whom this section would otherwise apply by virtue of that designation,

unless within three months of the relevant date aforesaid she gives notice to the employing authority that she desires this section to apply to her.

214

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Special provision as to certain female nurses, etc.

Persons

entering local

authority

employment

from other

pensionable

employment.

(3) If a person who is not a contributory employee becomes a person to whom this section applies after she has attained the age of fifty years, and she has not then completed, and cannot before attaining the age of sixty years complete, ten years of service, then she shall not become a contributory employee.

10. —(1) If any person who has been employed as a female nurse by any organisation not carried on for profit and not provided by a local or public authority—

(a) enters the employment of a local authority as a nurse from the employment of that organisation; or

(b) having so entered the employment of a local authority before the passing of this Act but since the commencement of the National Health Service Act, 1946, or, in Scotland, since die commencement of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, is at the passing of this Act in the employment of a local authority as a nurse,

and her service in the employment of that and any other such organisation is not otherwise reckonable as service for the purposes of the principal Act, or, if the authority is a local Act authority, for the purposes of the local Act scheme, that service shall be deemed to be service rendered to a local authority for the purpose of determining whether the nurse is entitled to become a contributory employee or a local Act contributor or to receive a benefit under section eight of the principal Act or under the superannuation regulations or, as the case may be, under the local Act scheme, but for no other purpose.

(2) In this section the expression "nurse" includes a midwife and a health visitor.

11. —(1) This section shall apply to any person who, having been employed in a pensionable employment within the meaning of section two of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948 (which provides for the making of rules to secure the continuance of the pension rights of a person transferring between pensionable employments), enters the employment of a local authority in such circumstances that, but for the fact that by reason of one of the provisions hereinafter mentioned he does not become a contributory employee or local Act contributor, he would be entitled to elect that rules made under the said section two should apply in his case.

The provisions referred to in this subsection are paragraph (c) of subsection (4) of section three and paragraph (b) of subsection

(1) of section sixteen of the principal Act and subsection (3) of section nine of this Act (which provide that a person who has attained the age of fifty-five years or, as the case may be, fifty

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

215

years and has not completed, and cannot before attaining die age of compulsory retirement applicable in that person’s case complete, ten years of service shall not become a contributory employee) and any corresponding provision of a local Act scheme.

(2) If any person to whom this section applies would become a contributory employee or local Act contributor if any service which he was entitled to reckon for the purposes of the pension scheme associated with his former employment at die date when he ceased to hold that employment were reckonable as service rendered to a local authority, then, if within three months of the date of his entry into the employment of the authority he gives notice in writing to the authority that he wishes this subsection to apply in his case, he shall become a contributory employee or, as the case may be, a local Act contributor.

For the purposes of this subsection, any period of employment in which a person was a participant in the pension scheme operated by the Federated Superannuation System for Universities or the Federated Superannuation Scheme for Nurses and Hospital Officers, or any other similar pension scheme approved by the Minister or, in relation to Scotland, by the Secretary of State in pursuance of such rules as are referred to in subsection (1) of this section, shall be deemed to be a period of service which that person was entitled to reckon for the purposes of a superannuation scheme associated with his former employment

(3) Where any person has entered the employment of a local authority before die passing of this Act and, if this section had been in force at the date of that entry (in this subsection referred to as " the date of his first entry "), subsections (1) and (2) of this section would have applied in his case, then if—

(a) he has since the date of his first entry been continuously

in the employment of that or some other local authority without a break of more than twelve months at any one time; and

(b) he is at the date of the passing of this Act in the employ-

ment of a local authority or, having left such employment before that date, he re-enters such employment after that date but within twelve months of so leaving,

and if, within a period of three months from the passing of this Act or, where he has left and re-entered employment as aforesaid, from the date of his re-entry—

(i) he gives notice in writing to the administering authority appropriate to contributory employees under the authority by whom he is then employed, or, as the case may be, to the local Act authority by whom he is then

216 Ch. 25 Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Superannuation , 1953

employed, that he desires this subsection to apply in his case; and

(ii) he pays to that administering authority or local Act authority a sum equal to any contributions which he would have been required to pay to that or any other local authority if the rules referred to in subsection (1) of this section had applied in his case at the date of his first entry,

he shall be treated as if he had become a contributory employee or local Act contributor entitled to participate in the benefits of the fund maintained by that administering authority or local Act authority at the date of his first entry, and the said rules shall have effect as if the time within which notification is required thereby of his desire that they should apply in his case were the said period of three months.

Persons 12.—(1) This section shall apply to any person who enters the

employment of a local authority in such circumstances that Regu-employment lotion 53 of the National Health Service (Superannuation) from employ- Regulations, 1950, or Regulation 49 of the National Health mentinthe Service (Scotland) (Superannuation) Regulations, 1950, would National have effect but for the faot that, by reason of one of the provisions Health Service, referred to in subsection (1) of section eleven of this Act, he does not become a contributory employee or local Act contributor.

(2) When any person to whom this section applies would become a contributory employee or local Act contributor if any service which he was entitled to reckon for the purposes of the regulations aforesaid at the date when he ceased to be subject thereto were reckonable as service rendered to a local authority, then, if within three months of the date of his entry into the employment of the authority he gives notice in writing to the authority that he wishes this subsection to apply in his case, he shall become a contributory employee or, as the case may be, a local Act contributor.

(3) In relation to any person who has entered the employment of a local authority before the passing of this Act in such circumstances that if this section had been in force at the date of that entry he would have been a person to whom this section applies but who was nevertheless treated as becoming a contributory employee or local Act contributor on entering that employment, this section shall be deemed always to have had effect and. that person shall be deemed to have given the notice required by subsection (2) of this section.

(4) Where any person, not being such a person as is referred to in subsection (3) of this section, has entered the employment of a local authority before the passing of this Act and, if this section had been in force at the date of that entry, subsections (1) and (2)

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

217

of this section would have applied in his case, then subsection (3) of section eleven of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section as if—

(a) for any reference therein to the said section eleven there

were substituted a reference to this section;

(b) for any reference to the rules referred to in subsection (1)

of the said section eleven there were substituted a reference to the said Regulation 53 or to the said Regulation 49;

(c) for the reference to the tune within which notification is

required by those rules of his desire that they should apply in his case there were substituted a reference to the time within which he is required by the said Regulation 53 or the said Regulation 49 to give the notice and make the payments required by that regulation.

(5) In this section, for the purposes of subsections (3) and (4) thereof, references to the National Health Service (Superannuation) Regulations, 1950, and to Regulation 53 thereof shall be deemed to include respectively references to the National Health Service (Superannuation) Regulations, 1947, and to Regulation 44 thereof, and references to the National Health Service (Scotland) (Superannuation) Regulations, 1950, and to Regulation 49 thereof shall be deemed to include respectively references to the National Health Service (Scotland) (Superannuation) Regulations, 1948, and to Regulation 45 thereof.

13.—(1) Subsection (2) of this section shall have effect in Provision

(a) on the first day of April nineteen hundred and forty- service with

eight entered the employment of a local authority in the National England or Wales otherwise than as a fireman asFir® Service, defined by the Firemen’s Pension Scheme, 1948, from employment in the National Fire Service; and

(b) has since the said first day of April been continuously in the employment of that or some other local authority in Great Britain without a break of more than twelve months at any one time; and

(c) is at the date of the passing of this Act in the employ-

ment of a local authority in Great Britain or, having left such employment before that date, re-enters such employment after that date but within twelve months of so leaving,

being a person who might have become entitled to reckon a period of his employment in the National Fire Service as contributing service or as service for the purposes of a local Act scheme by virtue of Regulation 8 of the Fire Services (Pensionable Employment) Regulations, 1948, but for the fact that on the said first day of April he entered the employment of a local

relation to any person who—

218

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

authority as a member of a fire brigade or but for the fact that, by reason only of the capacity in which he had been expected to enter upon pensionable employment under a local authority on the said first day of April, he was not one of the class of firemen referred to in sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph (1) of the said Regulation 8.

(2) In relation to any person such as is referred to in subsection

(1) of this section the said regulations of 1948 as amended by the Fire Services (Pensionable Employment) Regulations, 1949, shall have effect and be deemed always to have had effect as if in paragraph (1) of the said Regulation 8—

(a) in sub-paragraph (c), the words " otherwise than as members of fire brigades " were omitted; and

(b) for the words "otherwise than as a member of a fire brigade " there were substituted the words " otherwise than as a fireman as defined by the Firemen’s Pension Scheme, 1948";

and as if the local authority to whom any payment referred to in the said Regulation 8 or in Regulation 11 of the said regulations is required to be made, or any reference in either of those regulations to that authority, were, or, as the case may be, were a reference to—

(i) the administering authority appropriate to contributory

employees under the authority by whom he is employed at die date of the passing of this Act or, as the case may be, by whom he is first employed thereafter; or

(ii) if the authority by whom he is employed at that date or,

as the case may be, by whom he is first employed thereafter is a local Act authority, that local Act authority.

(3) Subsection (4) of this section shall have effect in relation to any person who—

(a) on the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and forty-eight, entered the employment of a local authority in Scotland otherwise than as a fireman as defined by the Firemen’s Pension Scheme, 1948, from employment in the National Fire Service;

(b) has since the said sixteenth day of May been con-

tinuously in the employment of that or some other local authority in Great Britain without a break of more than twelve months at any one time; and

(c) is at the date of the passing of this Act in the employ-

ment of a local authority in Great Britain or, having left such employment before that date, re-enters such employment after that date but within twelve months of so leaving,

being a person who might have become entitled to reckon a period of his employment in the National Fire Service as contributing service or as service for the purposes of a local Act

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

scheme by virtue of Regulation 4 of the Fire Services (Pensionable Employment) (Scotland^ Regulations, 1948, but for the fact that on die said sixteenth day of May he entered the employment of a local authority as a member of a fire brigade.

(4) In relation to any person such as is referred to in subsection (3) of this section, the regulations of 1948 so referred to shall have effect and be deemed always to have had effect as if in paragraph (1) of Regulation 4 thereof for the words " otherwise than as a member of a fire brigade " there were substituted the words " otherwise than as a fireman as defined by the Firemen’s Pension Scheme, 1948," and as if the local authority to whom any payment referred to in paragraph (1> or paragraph (5) of the said Regulation 4 is required to be made, or any reference in either of those paragraphs to that authority were, or, as the case may be, were a reference to—

(i) the administering authority appropriate to contributory

employees under the authority by whom he is employed at >fiie date of the passing of this Act or, as the case may be, by whom he is first employed thereafter; or

(ii) if the authority by whom he is employed at that date or,

as the case may be, by whom he is first employed thereafter is a local Act authority, that local Act authority.

14.—(1) This section shall apply to any -person who— Medical

(a) is employed as a medical inspector of aliens appointed oTaliens*

under the Aliens Order, 1920, and receives his remuneration in that appointment from a local authority; and

(b) when not employed as aforesaid, is engaged wholly or

partly in employment by that or some other local authority in which he is a contributory employee or local Act contributor.

(2) Regulation 43 of the National Health Service (Superannuation) Regulations, 1950, shall not apply to any person to whom this section applies, but the employment of any such person as a medical inspector of aliens shall be deemed for superannuation purposes to be employment by the local authority from whom he receives his remuneration as such, and any service rendered by such a person as a medical inspector of aliens shall be deemed for those purposes to be rendered* to that local authority.

(3) In relation to any person who has been employed as a medical inspector of aliens before the passing of this Act and has, in respect of that employment, been treated as a contributory employee or local Act contributor, subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall be deemed always to have had effect and the reference in the said subsection (2) to Regulation 43 of the said Regulations of 1950 shall be deemed to include a reference to Regulation 35 of the National Health Service (Superannuation) Regulations, 1947.

Ch. 25 Local Government 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Superannuation , 1953

(4) Any person to whom this section applies at the date of the passing of this Act, not being such a person as is mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, shall be deemed for the purposes of the said Regulations of 1950 to have left employment as an officer of an employing authority on the said date.

15.—(1) If application for the purpose is made to an administering authority or a local Act authority by a voluntary organisation engaged in the provision in the area of the authority of services—

(a) under the Mental Deficiency Acts, 1913 to 1938, or the

Mental Deficiency (Scotland) Acts, 1913 and 1940; or

(b) under Part III of the National Health Service Act,

1946, or Parts III and V of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947; or

(c) under Part III of the National Assistance Act, 1948,

the authority shall admit any members of such classes of employees of the organisation, on such terms and conditions, as may be approved by the Minister, or, in the case of an authority in Scotland, by the Secretary of State, to participate in the benefits of the superannuation fund maintained by them, and in that event the principal Act, or, as the case may be, the relevant local Act scheme, and the superannuation regulations shall have effect as if the organisation were a local authority and any employee admitted were a contributory employee or, as the case may be, a local Act contributor in the employment of a local health authority, and the organisation shall have all such powers as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to the terms and conditions approved as aforesaid.

In this subsection, " local health authority " has the same meaning as in subsection (1) of section three of this Act, and " voluntary " means not carried on for profit and not provided by a local or public authority.

This subsection shall come into force on the same date as the first superannuation regulations, and any agreement made or continuing in force as if made under regulation 50 of the National Health Service (Superannuation) Regulations, 1950, or, as the case may be, under Regulation 46 of the National Health Service (Scotland) (Superannuation) Regulations, 1950, shall continue in force as if made under this subsection.

(2) If an application for the purpose is made to an administering authority or a local Act authority by—

(a) undertakers exercising any of their powers within the area of the authority under any Act or statutory order; or

1953

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

Ch. 25

221

(b) any body approved by the Minister, or, in the case of an authority in Scotland, by the Secretary of State, being a body to whose funds any local authority contribute or to whom any grant is made out of moneys provided by Parliament and not being such an organisation as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section,

the authority may, on such terms and conditions as they think fit and with the approval of the Minister, or, in the case of an authority in Scotland, of the Secretary of State, admit any employee of the undertakers or body to participate in the benefits of the superannuation fund maintained by them, and in that event the principal Act and the superannuation regulations or, as the case may be, the relevant local Act scheme shall have effect as if the undertakers or body were a local authority and the employee were a contributory employee or, as the case may be, a local Act contributor, and the undertakers or body shall have all such powers as may be necessary for the purpose of giving effect to the terms and conditions approved as aforesaid.

(3) The terms and conditions of any admission agreement made under this section may contain provision that any previous period of employment by the organisation, undertakers or body concerned of an employee admitted under the agreement shall only be reckonable as service in such manner and to such extent as may be agreed between the administering authority or, as the case may be, the local Act authority and the organisation, undertakers or body.

(4) Any agreement made under subsection (1) of this section shall, unless the Minister or, as the case may be, the Secretary of State otherwise allows, and any agreement made under subsection (2) thereof may, provide for the agreement to take effect as from the date on which the application for admission was made.

(5) In its application to England and Wales, subsection (2) of this section shall not apply in the case of the managers or governors of a voluntary school within the meaning of the Education Act, 1944, and no employee of any such managers or governors shall be admitted to participate in the benefits of a superannuation fund by virtue of anything contained in an admission agreement continued in force by subsection (6) of this section.

(6) Section five of the principal English Act and subsections

(1) to (4) of section five of the principal Scottish Act are hereby repealed, but any admission agreement made or continuing in force as if made thereunder shall continue in force as if made under subsection (2) of this section.

222

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Allocation Id.—(1) The Minister as respects England and Wales and the

of part of Secretary of State as respects Scotland may make rules for s^mnuadon secur^ng that, in such circumstances and subject to such spouse or conditions as to proof of health and other matters as may be

dependant. specified in die rules, a contributory employee who—

(a) on ceasing to hold his employment becomes entitled to

a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act or a benefit under the superannuation regulations, being a benefit by way of annual amounts such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act; or

(b) if he were to retire from his employment would become

entitled to such an allowance or benefit,

shall if he so desires be allowed to surrender, as from the date on which he ceases to hold his employment, in return for the benefits of the rules such part not exceeding one-third of the allowance or benefit to which he would otherwise be entitled as may be specified in the rules, and for enabling the appropriate administering authority to grant to the spouse or any other dependant of the employee a pension of such value as, according to tables to be prepared from time to time by the Government Actuary, is actuarially equivalent at the date aforesaid to the value of that part of the allowance or benefit which is surrendered; and, for the purposes of a surrender by virtue of paragraph (b) of this subsection, it shall be assumed—

(i) that there will be no change in the employee’s state

of health between the date on which he is allowed to make the surrender and the date on which he ceases to hold his employment; and

(ii) if he ceases to hold his employment by reason of his death, that he had retired from his employment immediately before he died.

(2) Any such pension as aforesaid shall be payable in respect of the period, if any, for which the spouse or other dependant survives the employee.

(3) Where an employee takes advantage of the provisions of this section, subsection (5) of section one of this Act shall apply in relation to the reduced allowance or benefit, if any, and in relation to the pension granted to the spouse or dependant as if each of them were a separate benefit (payable under the superannuation regulations.

(4) In proviso (c) to subsection (1) of section seventeen of the principal English Act and in proviso (c) to section fifteen of the principal Scottish Act, the reference to section nine of the principal Act shall include a reference to this section.

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

223

(5) On the earning into force of the first rules made under this section by the Minister or, as the case may be, by die Secretary of State, section nine of the principal English Act or, as the case may be, of the principal Scottish Act shall cease to have effect, without prejudice, however, to any surrender allowed or pension granted thereunder.

17. —(1) In subsection (2) of section ten of the principal Act Amendments (which relates to the return of contributions to a contributory M to employees employee) after the word "inefficiency " there shall be added the 25^2^ words " or an offence of a fraudulent character or misconduct, offences or not being such an offence or grave misconduct in connection with misconduct, the duties of, or otherwise in relation to, his employment

(2) In subsection (4) of section ten of the principal Act for the word "misconduct " there shall be substituted the words " grave misconduct, being such an offence or such misconduct in connection with the performance of the duties of, or otherwise in relation to, his employment ", and for the words " an offence of a fraudulent character " in the second place where they occur there shall be substituted the words " such an offence of a fraudulent character as aforesaid

(3) If a contributory employee is dismissed or resigns, or otherwise ceases to hold his employment, in consequence of an offence of a fraudulent character or grave misconduct, being such an offence or such misconduct in connection with the performance of the duties of, or otherwise in relation to, his employment, the employing authority may direct that all or any of the rights enjoyed by or in respect of him with respect to his previous service, being rights under Part I of the principal Act or under this Act or any regulations made thereunder, shall be forfeited.

(4) Section twenty-four of the principal English Act and section twenty of the principal Scottish Act are hereby repealed.

18. —(1) Any local authority may grant to any employee on Gratuities, his ceasing to be employed by them, or to the widow or any

other dependant of an employee who dies while in their employment, a gratuity either—

(a) by way of a lump sum not exceeding an amount equal to

twice that of the annual emoluments of the employment; or

(b) by way of periodical payments not exceeding in the aggregate the amount aforesaid; or

(c) by way of an annuity the capital value of which does not exceed the amount aforesaid:

Provided that—

(i) a gratuity granted under this subsection shall not be paid out of the superannuation fund;

224 Ch. 25 Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Superannuation , 1953

(ii) this subsection shall not apply in the case of a contributory employee or local Act contributor who is entitled to any payment out of the superannuation fund other than a return of contributions.

(2) Where an authority have granted a gratuity to an employee under subsection (1) of this section and either—

(a) the gratuity was by way of periodical payments and

the employee dies before all the payments are completed; or

(b) the gratuity was by way of an annuity and the employee dies before receiving an aggregate amount equal to the capital value of the annuity,

the authority may grant a gratuity to the widow or any other dependant of the employee, and for that purpose the said subsection <1) shall have effeot as if the employee had died while in the employment of the authority but as if for the amount specified in that subsection there were substituted the aggregate amount of the periodical payments outstanding at the employee’s death or, as the case may be, the difference between the capital value of the annuity and the aggregate amount of the payments made to the employee before his death.

(3) For the purposes of the application of subsection (1) of this section to Scotland, a registration officer employed in the performance of duties under the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Scotland) Acts, 1854 to 1938, within the area of the council of any county or large burgh shall be deemed to be an employee of that council.

(4) Section eleven of the principal Act, except subsection (2) and (so far as it relates to that subsection) subsection (3) thereof, is hereby repealed, without prejudice, however, to any gratuity granted thereunder.

Amendment 19. In subsection (1) of section forty of the principal English of definition Act the reference in the definition of "registration officer " to a Son officer^* Pers°n appointed by the local authority to act as a deputy superintendent registrar or deputy registrar of births and deaths shall include and be deemed always to have included a reference to a person provided by and at the expense of a local authority so to act.

Miscellaneous and general

Benefits, etc., 20. Section twenty-three of the principal English Act or section not assignable, nineteen of the principal Scottish Act (which provide that certain benefits shall not be assignable) shall apply to any benefit under this Act or under any regulations or rules made thereunder as it applies to the benefits under the principal Act therein mentioned.

1953

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

Ch. 25

225

21. —(1) Section thirty-five of the principal English Act or Decision of section thirty of the principal Scottish Act (which relate to questions and the decision of questions and appeals to the Minister or, as^P®*18,

the case may be, to the Secretary of State) shall apply—

(a) to any question concerning the rights of a person who

has been an employee of a local authority or the rights of the widow, dependants or legal personal representatives of such a person as it applies to the questions mentioned therein; and

(b) in relation to rights or liabilities \mder the provisions

of this Act or any regulations made under this Act as it applies in relation to rights or liabilities under the provisions of Part I or Part III of the principal Act or any regulations made under the principal Act

(2) The power of the Minister under subsection (6) of section thirty-six of the principal English Act and of the Secretary of State under subsection (6) of section thirty-one of the principal Scottish Act to make regulations with respect to the administrative action to be taken by local authorities shall include power to provide for enabling any local authority who maintain a superannuation fund to appeal to the Minister or, as the case may be, to the Secretary of State against decisions of, or any failure or refusal to make a decision by, any other authority whose employees are entitled to participate in the benefits of that fund.

22. —(1) Without prejudice to section three of this Act, any Modification local authority within whose area there is in force any local Act of local Acts which modifies or adapts the provisions of the principal Actctc*

or of a local Act scheme, or which contains provision with respect to any matters with respect to which provision is made by this Act, may, and if so required by the Minister or, in the case of an authority in Scotland, by the Secretary of State shall, make a scheme modifying, adapting or repealing the local Act so far as it appears to them or, as the case may be, to the Minister or the Secretary of State to be expedient or desirable by reason of the coming into force of this Act or of any regulations made under the Third or Fourth Schedule thereto.

(2) Without prejudice as aforesaid, section twenty-five of the principal English Act or section twenty-one of the principal Scottish Act (which relate to the adaptation to the principal Act of certain provisions of local Acts and schemes) shall have effect as if any reference therein to the principal Act included a reference to this Act and, in relation to any scheme under the said section twenty-five or under the said section twenty-one, the power conferred by subsection (5) of section thirty-six of the

H

226

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Superannuation of justices' clerks, probation officers, etc.

Provisions as to

certain clerks of the peace and county council.

principal English Act or by subsection (5) of section thirty-one of the principal Scottish Act to amend the scheme shall include power to revoke it

23. —(1) The provisions of Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the justices* clerks and persons employed to assist justices* clerks therein specified.

(2) The provisions of Part II of the said Third Schedule shall have effect in relation to the reckoning of the service of a contributory employee who has been a justices* clerk or an employee of a justices’ clerk.

(3) The provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect in relation to the probation officers and persons appointed to assist probation officers therein specified.

(4) Without prejudice to the powers of the Minister and the Secretary of State to make regulations under section thirty-eight of the principal English Act and section thirty-six of the principal Scottish Act (which relate to reciprocal arrangements between England and Scotland), the said Third and Fourth Schedules shall not extend to Scotland.

24. —(1) This section shall apply in relation to any person who holds, or has since the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and fifty, held, the office of clerk of the peace and county council and who was appointed to that office before the passing of the Local Government (Clerks) Act, 1931.

(2) Save as provided in this section, the principal Act, this Act and the superannuation regulations shall not apply, but section nine of the said Act of 1931 shall continue to apply, to such a person.

(3) The Minister may by regulations provide for the granting to or in respect of any such person who opts that the regulations shall apply in his case of such alternative benefits in lieu of his rights under the said section nine as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(4) The provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section sixteen of this Act shall have effect in relation to such a person and a benefit under the said section nine or under regulations made under this section as they would have effect in relation to a contributory employee and a benefit under the superannuation regulations.

(5) Paragraph A of Part II of the Second Schedule to the principal English Act is hereby repealed, without prejudice, however, to any allocation of a superannuation allowance made by virtue thereof.

(6) This section shall not extend to Scotland.

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

227

25.—(1) If, on the death of any person who is or has been Payments due in die employment of a local authority (in this section referred to deceased to as " the employee "), there is due to the employee or to his employee8, legal personal representatives from any local authority, being an employing authority, an administering authority or a local Act authority, any sum which, if any part thereof due by way of interest is disregarded, does not exceed one hundred pounds, and a grant of probate of the will of the employee or of letters of administration to his estate is not produced to that authority within such time, not being less than one month after his death, as the authority may think reasonable, then, at the expiration of that time, the authority may pay that sum or any part thereof to any person who it appears to them would be entitled to the beneficial interest therein if the employee had died intestate and the said sum had formed his residuary estate, and that person and not the authority shall thereafter be liable to account for that sum or that part thereof:

Provided that—

(a) the authority may, if they (think fit, pay out of that sum

the funeral expenses of the employee or so much thereof as they consider reasonable having regard to any death grant which has been or is to be paid under section twenty-two of the National Insurance Act,

1946;

(b) if the authority receive notice in writing of any claim

against the estate of the employee at any time before they have paid the whole of that sum under the foregoing provisions of this section, then, except in accordance with proviso (a) to this subsection or except where that sum appears to them to be bona vacantia, they shall not pay that sum or the balance thereof remaining in their hands to any person other than the legal personal representatives of the employee unless and until that claim has been satisfied or withdrawn.

(2) Before making any payment in accordance with the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, except under proviso (a) thereto, to any person other than the legal personal representatives of the employee the authority shall require either—

(a) a statutory declaration (or, where payment of the said sum or the balance thereof as bona vacantia is made to the Crown or to the Duchy of Lancaster or to the Duchy of Cornwall, a statement) by the person or one of the persons to whom the authority propose to pay the sum due or any part thereof to the effect that the total estate of the employee (including that sum but after the deduction of debts and funeral expenses) does not exceed four hundred pounds; or

228

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(b) the production of a certificate from the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to the effect either that any estate duty payable on the employee’s death has been paid or that no such duty is so payable.

(3) Section ninety-three of the London Government Act, 1939, is hereby repealed.

(4) This section shall not extend to Scotland.

Regulations, 26.—(1) Any power conferred on the Minister or the Secre-

tary of State by the principal Act or this Act to make regulations or rules shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and. except in the case of regulations made under any of the following provisions of this Act, that is to say, section one, paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule, or the Fourth Schedule, any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(2) Any scheme approved or made by the Minister or the Secretary of State in pursuance of section thirty-six of the principal English Act or, as the case may be, section thirty-one of the principal Scottish Act shall be laid before Parliament and be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament in like manner as if it were a statutory instrument.

(3) The said section thirty-six or the said section thirty-one shall apply to any scheme made under section three or under subsection (1) of section twenty-two of this Act as it applies to a scheme made under the principal Act.

(4) Subsections (1) and (2) of the said section thirty-six oi of the said section thirty-one and subsection (2) of this section shall not apply to schemes made under section twenty-two of the principal English Act or, as the case may be, under section eighteen of the principal Scottish Act for making good the deficiency or disposing of the surplus in a superannuation fund, but any such scheme shall be submitted to the Minister or, as the case may be, to the Secretary of State, and he may, if he sees fit, at any time within six months of its submission, disapprove it and require the submission of a new scheme.

(5) Subsection (7) of section thirty-six and subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the principal English Act and subsection

(7) of section thirty-one and subsection (2) of section thirty-six of the principal Scottish Act (which relate to the laying of schemes, regulations and rules before Parliament) are hereby repealed.

1953 Local Government Ch. 25 229

Superannuation Act, 1953

27. —(1) In this Act— Interpretation, "the principal Act" means—

(a) in relation to England and Wales, the Local Government Superannation Act, 1937; and (h) in relation to Scotland, the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937, and any reference to the principal English Act or to the principal Scottish Act shall be construed accordingly;

" superannuation regulations " means—

(a) in relation to England and Wales, regulations made by the Minister under subsection (1) of section one of this Act; and

(b) in relation to Scotland, regulations made by the Secretary of State under subsection (2) of that section.

(2) Save where the context otherwise requires, expressions in this Act have the same meanings as in the principal Act

(3) Save where the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment including this Act.

28. Any increase attributable to the provisions of this Act Expenses, or of any regulations or rules made thereunder in the sums which

are payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under any other enactment shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

29. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government Citation

Superannuation Act, 1953. and extont‘

(2) This Act and the Local Government Superannuation Acts,

1937 and 1939, may be cited together as the Local Government Superannuation Acts, 1937 to 1953.

(3) This Act and the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Acts, 1937 and 1939, may be cited together as the Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Acts, 1937 to 1953.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(5) The Minister may by order made by statutory instrument—

(a) direct that this Act shall, subject to such exceptions,

adaptations, and modifications, if any, as may be specified in the order, apply to the Isles of Scilly;

(b) vary or revoke any previous order made under this

subsection,

but except as so applied this Act shall not extend to the said Isles.

230

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Section 4.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Amendments to Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937,

ON COMING INTO FORCE OF REGULATIONS

1. In section ten, in subsections (1), (2) and (4), for the words "a superannuation allowance under this Part of this Act" there shall in each case be substituted the words " any benefit under regulations made under subsection (1) of section one of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953

2. In section ten, for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (3) If a person who is a contributory employee dies and no benefit under regulations made under subsection (1) of section one of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953, is payable in respect of his death, his legal personal representatives shall be entitled to receive out of the appropriate superannuation fund the aggregate amount of his contributions to the fund together with compound interest thereon calculated to the date of his death at the rate of three per cent, per annum with half-yearly rests

3. In section twelve, in subsection (5), for the words " the superannuation allowance of" there shall be substituted the words "any benefit payable to or in respect of a contributory employee under regulations made under subsection (1) of section one of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953, being".

4. In section sixteen, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) the words from " in paragraph (b) " to " section and " shall cease to have effect

5. In section seventeen, any reference to a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act shall include a reference to a benefit under the superannuation regulations, being a benefit by way of annual amounts such as is mentioned in paragraph ( ) or (c) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act.

6. In section twenty-one, in subsection (3), the reference to payments to be made out of the fund under the principal Act shall include a reference to such payments under the superannuation regulations.

7. In section twenty-six, in subsection (4), any reference to the principal Act or Part I thereof shall include a reference to the superannuation regulations.

8. In section thirty-one, as amended by subsection (3) of section six of this Act, any reference to a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act shall include a reference to a benefit under the superannuation regulations, being a benefit by way of annual amounts such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act.

9. In section thirty-eight, in subsection (1), the reference to the provisions of any Act for the time being in force in Scotland shall include a reference to the provisions of any regulations under any such Act and the reference to the provisions of the principal Act shall include a reference to the provisions of the superannuation regulations.

1953 Local Government Ch. 25

Superannuation Act, 1953

10. In section forty, in the definition of "additional contributory payment '* in subsection (1), the reference to a payment made for the purposes of proviso (ii) to paragraph ( ) of subsection (2) of section eight of the principal Act shall include a reference to a payment made for the purposes of subsection (3) of section two of this Act.

11. In Part II of the Second Schedule, in sub-paragraph 2 of paragraph B for the words " superannuation allowance payable to him under the provisions of Part I of this Act " and in paragraph C for the words " superannuation allowance payable to him under the provisions of this Act" there shall in each case be substituted the words " benefit payable to or in respect of him under regulations made under subsection (1) of section one of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953 ", and for the word "allowance " wherever -else it appears in the said sub-paragraph 2 or paragraph C there shall be substituted the word "benefit ".

12. In Part V of the Second Schedule, any reference to a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act shall include a reference to a benefit under the superannuation regulations, being a benefit by way of annual amounts such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Amendments to Local Government Superannuation (Scotland) Act, 1937, on coming into Force of Regulations

1. In section ten, in subsections (1), (2) and (4), for the words " a -superannuation allowance under this Part of this Act " there shall in •each case be substituted the words *(any benefit under regulations made under subsection (2) of section one of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953 ".

2. In section ten, for subsection (3) there shall be substituted the following subsection—

" (3) If a person who is a contributory employee dies and no benefit under regulations made under subsection (2) of section one of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953, is payable in respect of his death, his legal personal representatives shall be entitled to receive out of the appropriate superannuation fund the aggregate amount of his contributions to the fund together with compound interest thereon calculated to the date of his death at the rate of three per cent, per annum with half-yearly rests

3. In section twelve, in subsection (5), for the words " the superannuation allowance of " there shall be substituted the words " any benefit payable to or in respect of a contributory employee under regulations made under subsection (2) of section one of the Local Government Superannuation Act, 1953, being ".

4. In section fifteen, any reference to a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act shall include a- reference to a benefit under the superannuation regulations, being a benefit by way of annual amounts such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act.

5. In section sixteen, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) the words from " in paragraph (b) " to " section and " shall cease to have effect.

231

1st Sch, —cont.

Section 4.

232

2nd Sch. —cant.

Sections 22, 23, 26.

Ch. 25 Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Superannuation , 1953

6. In section seventeen, in subsection (3), the reference to payments to be made out of the fund under the principal Act shall include a reference to such payments under the superannuation regulations.

7. In section twenty-two, in subsection (3), any reference to the principal Act or Part I thereof shall include a reference to the superannuation regulations.

8. In section twenty-six, as amended by subsection (3) of section six of this Act, any reference to a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act shall include a reference to a benefit under the superannuation regulations, being a benefit by way of annual amounts such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act.

9. In section thirty-four, in the definition of "additional contributory payment" in subsection (1), the reference to a payment made for the purposes of proviso (ii) to paragraph (b) of subsection (2> of section eight of the principal Act shall include a reference to a payment made for the purposes of subsection (3) of section two of this Act.

10. In section thirty-six, in subsection (1), the reference to the provisions of any Act for the time being in force in England shall include a reference to the provisions of any regulations under any such Act and the reference to the provisions of the principal Act shall include a reference to the provisions of the superannuation regulations.

11. In the Second Schedule, any reference to a superannuation allowance under Part I of the principal Act shall include a reference to a benefit under the superannuation regulations, being a benefit by way of annual amounts such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act.

THIRD SCHEDULE Superannuation of Justices* Clerks and their Staffs, etc.

Part I

1. This Part of this Schedule shall apply to any person who, under Part HI of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, is appointed or deemed to have been appointed by a magistrates* courts committee to be a justices* clerk or is employed by a magistrates* courts committee to assist a justices* clerk, not being, in the case of a justices* clerk, a person who, under the proviso to subsection (1) of section twenty of the principal Act, gave notice electing that the principal Act should not apply in relation to his clerkship.

2. —(1) The principal Act, this Act and the superannuation regulations shall have effect in relation to any such person, subject to the three next following paragraphs and to such further adaptations, modifications and exceptions as the Minister may by regulations prescribe, as if magistrates’ courts committees were local authorities mentioned in Part I of the First Schedule to the principal Act and, in the case of a clerk, as if he were employed by the committee by whom he was appointed or is deemed to have been appointed:

Provided that in relation to any such person whose remuneration is paid by a local Act authority, the said Acts and regulations shall have effect as if the magistrates’ courts committee were a local Act authority.

1953

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

Ch. 25

233

(2) No regulations shall be made under this paragraph unless a draft 3rd Sch. thereof has been laid before Parliament and been approved by resolution —com.

of each House of Parliament.

3. —(1) In the application of the principal Act to persons to whom this Part of this Schedule applies, paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section three of that Act (which relates to the servants and part-time officers who are to be contributory employees) shall not apply, but a justices* clerk who is a part-time officer shall be a contributory employee if—

(a) he is a justices’ clerk of any such class or description as may be specified for the purposes of this paragraph by an order made by the Secretary of State; or

(b) the magistrates* courts committee by whom he is appointed or deemed to have been appointed determine with the prior approval of the council by whom his remuneration as justices* clerk is paid that he shall be a contributory employee.

(2) Any order made under this paragraph shall be made by statutory instrument and—

(a) may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder;

(b) in so far as it varies or revokes a previous order, may have retrospective effect;

(c) shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

4. In the application of the principal Act to any justices* clerk to whom this Part of this Schedule applies, subsection (1) of section seven of that Act, (which provides that the age of compulsory retirement shall be sixty-five) shall have effect as if for the reference to the age of sixty-five years there were substituted a reference to the age of seventy years or any lesser age, not being less than sixty-five years, at which the clerk completes forty-five years service, counting contributing service at its full length and non-contributing service at half its actual length.

5. In the case of any person to whom this Part of this Schedule applies who—

(a) was, on the thirtieth day of March, nineteen hundred and

thirty-nine, subject to the Local Government and other Officers* Superannuation Act, 1922, by virtue of a local Act or an order made by the Secretary of State under a local Act; and

(b) is, immediately before the coming into force of the first

regulations made under paragraph 2 of this Schedule, a person to whom paragraph (h) of Part HI of the Second Schedule to the principal Act applies,

the rate of contribution to be paid by him shall be five per cent, of his remuneration, and he shall be entitled to reckon as contributing service for the purposes of the principal Act, this Act and any regulations made thereunder any service which, immediately before the said thirtieth day of March, he was entitled to reckon as contributing service for the purposes of the said Act of 1922; and regulations made under paragraph 2 of this Schedule shall secure that his position under the Acts and regulations aforesaid is substantially as favourable to him

H*

234

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation Act, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

3rd Sch. as was his position under the said Act of 1922 as applied to him by — cont. the local Act or original order.

6. Notwithstanding anything in the proviso to sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of this Schedule, a magistrates’ courts committee shall not be deemed to be a local Act authority for the purposes of section twenty-six of the principal Act (which relates to the modification or replacement of load Act schemes) but the Minister shall by regulations modify any local Act scheme in such manner as he thinks appropriate-to secure that the scheme shall operate in relation to any person to whom this Part of this Schedule applies whose remuneration or any part thereof is paid by the local Act authority as it operates in relation to employees of that authority, subject, however, to such adaptations (including any increase in the age of compulsory retirement) as may be provided by the regulations.

7. Without prejudice to any power to make regulations, orders or determinations thereunder, paragraphs 2 to 6 of this Schedule shall not have effect until the date of the coming into force of the first regulations made under the said paragraph 2, and if section nineteen of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, comes into force before that date—

(a) any regulations under this Schedule may be so framed as to-

apply with effect from the coming into force of the said section nineteen, and may contain such supplementary, incidental, consequential and transitional provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient;

(b) references in paragraph 3 of this Schedule to orders made by

the Secretary of State under or for the purposes of that paragraph shall include references to orders made by the Secretary of State under or for the purposes of paragraph 1 of the Fifth Schedule to the said Act of 1949.

8. As from the date of the coming into force of the first regulations made under paragraph 2 of this Schedule—

(a) the following provisions shall cease to have effect, that is to

say, section twenty of, and Part III of the Second Schedule to, the principal Act; the Fifth Schedule to the Middlesex County Council Act, 1944; in the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, section twenty-two, in section twenty-three subsections (8), (9) and (10) and in subsection (11) the words from " and in " onwards, and the Fifth Schedule; and section sixty-two of the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951;

(b) the reference in subsection (2) of section twenty-seven of the said Act of 1949 to functions under Part III of that Act shall include a reference to functions under this Part of this Schedule or any regulations made thereunder:

Provided that—

(i) any rules made under section one of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948 (which relates to national service), so far as they refer to employment in which any person was a contributory employee by virtue of section twenty of the principal Act, shall have effect as if subsection

(9) of section twenty-three of the said Act of 1949 had continued in force;

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Ch. 25

235

(ii) any order made by the Minister under subsection (6) of section twenty-two of the said Act of 1949 shall remain in force until the coming into force of the first regulations made under paragraph 6 of this Schedule.

9. For the purposes of this Part of this Schedule, any reference to a person employed by a magistrates* courts committee shall apply whether the employment is permanent or temporary, but not where it is of a casual nature.

Part II

10. —(1) If any person—

(a) has been a contributory employee by virtue of section twenty of the principal Act or section four hundred and eighteen of the Middlesex County Council Act, 1944; and

(b) has ceased to be such a contributory employee; and

(c) has subsequently again become a contributory employee

otherwise than by virtue of one of the said sections, or of section twenty-two of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, or of Part I of this Schedule,

then any service rendered by that person as a whole-time justices’ clerk or as an employee of a justices* clerk, being in the latter case service during which the employee devoted substantially the whole of his time to assisting his employer in the discharge of functions appertaining to any clerkship or clerkships to justices held by the employer, and including in either case any period of compulsory national service during which, under rules made under section one of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948, that person is to be treated as such a contributory employee as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this sub-paragraph, shall be deemed for superannuation purposes to have been rendered to a local authority.

In this sub-paragraph, the expression 44 whole-time justices* clerk " means a justices* clerk who devotes substantially the whole of his time either to the duties of one or more clerkships to justices or partly to such duties and partly to duties under one or more local authorities.

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph, a person’s employment by any justices or by the Middlesex standing joint committee to assist a justices* clerk shall be deemed employment by that clerk.

(3) Any regulations made under paragraph 6 of this Schedule may, in relation to any local Act scheme, include provision corresponding to this paragraph.

(4) Sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph shall not have effect until the coming into force of the first regulations made under paragraph 2 of this Schedule. 11

11. —(1) If a person who has rendered any service as an employee of a justices* clerk, being service during which the employee devoted substantially the whole of his time to assisting his employer in the discharge of functions appertaining to any clerkship or clerkships to justices held by the employer, first becomes a contributory employee otherwise than by virtue of that employment, that service shall be deemed for superannuation purposes to have been rendered to a local authority.

H* 2

3rd Sch. —cont.

236

Ch. 25

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch. —cont.

Sections 22, 23 26.

(2) If any person to whom sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph applies left his employment by a justices' clerk in order to enter upon war service within the meaning of the Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939, or any service such as is mentioned in paragraphs

(a) to () of subsection (2) of section seven of this Act, the period of that service and, except in the case of such service as is mentioned in the said paragraph (a), any period immediately following the termination thereof during which that person, with the consent of the justices' clerk whose employment he left, continued in similar service shall be deemed for superannuation purposes to have been a period of service rendered to a local authority.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Superannuation of Probation Officers and their Staffs

1. The Minister may by regulations provide that the principal Act, this Act and the superannuation regulations, or any local Act scheme, shall apply, subject to such adaptations, modifications and exceptions as may be prescribed by the regulations, to persons who are or have been—’

(a) probation officers appointed under Part I of the Criminal Justice Act, 1925, or under the Fifth Schedule to the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, other than probation officers in the City of London; and

(b) clerks appointed to assist probation officers in the performance of their duties either by probation committees or the Secretary of State or, before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-four, by probation officers, or to any class of such persons.

2. Any such regulations may make different provision with respect to different classes of the persons aforesaid and may contain such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient.

3. No regulations shall be made under this Schedule unless a draft thereof has been laid before Parliament and been approved by resolution of each House of Parliament.

4. Section four of the Pensions (Increase) Act, 1944 (which, subject to the limitations imposed by the Pensions (Increase) Act, 1947, enables pensions payable in respect of service as a probation officer to be increased) shall have effect as if the reference to such service included a reference to service as such a clerk as is mentioned in sub-paragraph

(b) of paragraph 1 of this Schedule.

5. On the coming into force of the first regulations made under this Schedule—

(a) the Probation Officers (Superannuation) Act, 1947, and subsection (1) of section thirteen of the Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948, shall cease to have effect; and

(b) in sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 5 of the Fifth Schedule to the Criminal Justice Act, 1948, the reference to an order under the said Act of 1947 shall include a reference to any regulations under this Schedule.

1953

Local Government

Superannuation , 1953

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Ch. 25, 26

237

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Local Government and other Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922

Criminal Justice Act, 1925

Local Government (Clerks) Act, 1931

Local Government Superannuation Act, 1937 ...

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 59. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 86. 21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 45. 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 68.

Local Government Superannuation (Scotland)

Act, 1937 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 69.

London Government Act, 1939

National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939 Local Government Staffs (War Service) Act, 1939

Pensions (Increase) Act, 1944

Education Act, 1944

Middlesex County Council Act, 1944

National Insurance Act, 1946

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946

National Health Service Act, 1946

Pensions (Increase) Act, 1947

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... Probation Officers (Superannuation) Act, 1947...

National Assistance Act, 1948

Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act,

1948

Criminal Justice Act, 1948

Representation of the People Act, 1948

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 81.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 94.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 21.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. xxi.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 7.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 38.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 33. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 65. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act, 1951

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 65.

CHAPTER 26

Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Finances of local authorities

Section

1. Power of local authorities to establish certain special funds.

2. Capital funds.

3. Renewal and repairs funds.

Powers of local authorities in respect of omnibus , etc.

4. Provision of omnibus shelters, etc.

5. Consents to exercise of powers under s. 4.

6. Supplementary provisions as to omnibus shelters, etc.

7. Maintenance of existing bus shelters and queue barriers.

Ch. 26

Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Miscellaneous powers and provisions

m

Section

8. Dustbins.

9. Calculation of contributions under New Streets Act, 1951.

10. Closing orders in respect of certain buildings.

11. Provisions relating to certain outstanding demolition orders.

12. Water undertakings of local authorities.

13. Power of local authorities to waive certain sewerage charges.

14. Declaration of voting at elections of county and borough aldermen.

15. Disability of members of local authorities on account of interests in

contracts.

16. Financial loss allowances to members of local authorities, etc.

Supplemental

17. Financial provisions.

18. Interpretation.

19. Short title, commencement and extent.

Schedule—Section sixty-four of Third Schedule to jWater Act, 1945, as modified.

An Act to amend the law relating to local authorities.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Finances of local authorities

Power of local authorities to establish certain special funds.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a local authority may establish either or both of the following funds, that is to say—

(a) a capital fund, to be used for defraying any expenditure of the authority to which capital is properly applicable, or in providing money for repayment of loans (but not in making any annual payment required to be made in respect of loans);

(b) a renewal and repairs fund, to be used for the purpose of defraying expenditure to be incurred from time to time in repairing, maintaining, replacing and renewing any buildings, works, plant, equipment or articles belonging to the authority.

(2) A fund established by a local authority under this section shall not be used to meet, directly or indirectly, any expenditure incurred by the authority for the purposes of an undertaking of the authority, being a transport, water, district heating, harbour, dock, pier or ferry undertaking or a market or civic restaurant, or incurred for the purposes of any functions of the authority as a local education authority.

1953

Local Government

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 26

239

(3) Pending the application of any such fund as aforesaid for the purposes authorised by this section, the moneys in the fund shall (unless applied in any other manner authorised by any enactment) be invested in statutory securities; and any income arising from the investment of those moneys, or otherwise from the application of the fund, shall be carried to the county fund or the general rate fund, as the case may be.

(4) The provisions of this section shall be in addition to and not in substitution for any other enactment authorising a local authority to establish a fund for a purpose for which a fund may be established under this section; and where such a fund has been established by a local authority before the commencement of this Act, the Minister may, by order made by statutory instrument on the application of that authority, make provision to the amalgamation of that fund with any corresponding fund established by that authority under this section.

(5) In this section " statutory securities " means any security in which trustees are for the time being authorised by law to invest trust moneys, and any mortgage, bond, debenture, debenture stock, stock or other security created by a local authority, other than annuities, rentcharges or securities transferable by delivery, but does not include, in the case of any local authority, any securities of that authority.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local autho- Capital funds, rity by whom a capital fund is established under section one of this Act may pay into that fund—

(a) any sums derived from the sale of any property of the

local authority, not being property held by them for any such purposes as are mentioned in subsection (2) of section one of this Act;

(b) the whole or any part of the surplus of the revenue income over the revenue expenditure of the county fund or the general rate fund, as the case may be, on the thirty-first day of March in any year, except so far as required by law to be applied to or carried forward for any other purpose; and

(c) such other sums from the county fund or the general rate

fund, as the case may be, as the local authority may by resolution direct;

and shall pay into that fund a sum equal to the amount of any income arising from the fund which is carried to the county fund or the general rate fund, as the case may be, under subsection (3) of section one of this Act

240 Ch. 26 Local Government 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

0 Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

(2) The aggregate amount paid by a local authority into a capital fund under paragraphs ( ) and (c) of subsection (1) of this section shall not, except with the consent of the Minister, exceed in any year the equivalent of the product of a rate in the pound for the area of the authority (as defined by subsections (3) and (4) of section one hundred and forty-four of the Local Government Act, 1948) of the following sum, that is to say—

(a) in the case of a local authority being the council of a

county borough, fourpence;

(b) in the case of a local authority being the council of a county, threepence;

(c) in the case of a local authority being the council of a

metropolitan borough or county district, and in die case of the Common Council of the City of London, twopence;

and no payment shall be made by the local authority into such a fund so as to make that fund exceed such sum as the Minister may from time to time determine either generally or in any particular case.

(3) In the case of an application of moneys in any such capita) fund, the amount to be applied shall not in any one transaction exceed such sum as the Minister may from time to time determine as aforesaid.

(4) Except as provided by this section, all moneys derived from the sale of land which are applied from any such capital fund shall, and all other moneys applied from any such fund may if the local authority think fit, be repaid from the account to which those moneys are advanced by such annual instalments (with or without interest) and within such period as the local authority may determine.

(5) Except with the consent of the Minister, moneys comprised in any such capital fund which are derived from the sale of corporate land within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933, shall not be applied otherwise than in the acquisition of other corporate land; and subsection (4) of this section shall not apply to any such moneys which are applied in the acquisition of such land.

Renewal and 3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local autho-

repairs funds, nty by whom a renewal and repairs fund is established under section one of this Act may from time to time .pay into that fund such sums as they think fit from the county fund or the general rate fund, as the case may be, and shall so pay a sum equal to the amount of any income arising from the fund which is carried to the county fund or the general rate fund, as the case may be, under subsection (3) of section one of this Act

1953

Local Government

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 26

241

(2) No payment shall be made by a local authority into any such renewal and repairs fund so as to make the fund exceed such sum as the Minister may from time to time determine either generally or in any particular case.

(3) The purposes for which any such renewal and repairs fund may be applied shall not include expenditure for the purposes of an undertaking of the authority in respect of which the authority are authorised to provide a reserve fund, or in connection with any building in respect of which the authority are required under the enactments relating to housing to keep a housing repairs account.

Powers of local authorities in respect of

omnibus shelters, .

4. —(1) Subject to the following provisions of this Act, a local Provision of

authority may provide and maintain in any highway within their .

district which is comprised in the route of public service vehicles, c ters*

or on any land abutting on such a highway, shelters or other accommodation at stopping places on the route for the use of persons intending to travel on such vehicles.

(2) Any local authority, or any persons authorised to run public service vehicles, may enter into and carry into effect any agreement with a local authority with respect to the provision and maintenance of shelters or other accommodation under this section by the last-mentioned authority; and any such agreement may in particular provide for the payment by the first-mentioned authority or persons of the whole or any part of the cost of the provision and maintenance of the shelter or accommodation.

(3) A local authority shall consult the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis with regard to the position of any shelter or other accommodation which they propose to provide under this section in a highway in the metropolitan police district.

(4) In this and the next three following sections, "local authority " includes the council of a rural parish; and " public service vehicle " has the meaning assigned to it by section one hundred and twenty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, except that it includes a tramcar or trolley vehicle as so defined.

5. —(1) A local authority shall not have power by virtue of Consents to the last foregoing section to provide a shelter or other exercise of accommodation in any such situation or position as is described under in the first column of the following Table, except with thes* 4*

r

242

Ch. 26

Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

consent of the person described in relation thereto in the second column of that Table:—

The highway authority.

The undertakers.

The authority or other person in whom the bridge is vested.

The railway, canal or inland navigation undertakers concerned.

The owner (as defined by the Public Health Act, 1936) of the land or premises.

(2) Any consent required by this section in respect of a shelter or other accommodation shall not unreasonably be withheld but may be given subject to any reasonable conditions, including a condition that the local authority shall remove the shelter or other accommodation either at any time or at or after the expiration of a period if reasonably required so to do by the person giving the consent.

(3) Any dispute between a local authority and a person whose consent is required under this section whether that consent is unreasonably withheld or is given subject to reasonable conditions, or whether the removal of any shelter or other accommodation in accordance with any condition of the consent is reasonably required shall—

(a)in the case of a dispute between the local authority and the Minister of Transport, be referred to and determined by an arbitrator to be appointed in default of agreement by the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers;

(b) in any other case, be referred to and determined by the Minister of Transport.

Table

In any highway for which there is a highway authority other than the local authority, or on land abutting on any such highway.

In any highway belonging to and repairable by any railway, dock, harbour, canal, inland navigation or passenger road transport undertakers and forming the approach to any station, dock, wharf or depot of those undertakers.

On any bridge not vested in the local authority or on the approaches to any such bridge.

On any bridge carrying a highway over any railway, canal or inland navigation, or on the approaches to any such bridge, or under any bridge carrying a railway, canal or inland navigation over a highway.

In a position obstructing or interfering with any existing access to any land or premises abutting on a highway.

1953 Local Government Ch. 26 243

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

6.—(1) Where a shelter or other accommodation is provided Supplementary by a local authority under section four of this Act in a position provisions as obstructing access to any telegraphic line as defined by J® the Telegraph Act, 1878, and the Postmaster General notifies s the local authority that he requires to obtain access to that line, the authority shall, unless they temporarily remove the shelter or accommodation for the purpose of affording such access, or so much thereof as is necessary for that purpose, be liable to repay to the Postmaster General so much of the expenses reasonably incurred by him in obtaining such access as is attributable to the situation of the shelter or accommodation.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to any sewers, pipe-subways, pipes, wires or other apparatus belonging to or maintained by any local authority or any gas, electricity, water, hydraulic power, tramcar or trolley vehicle undertakers, as they apply in relation to any such telegraphic line as is therein mentioned, and as if for any reference therein to the Postmaster General there were substituted a reference to the local authority or the undertakers, as the case maybe.

(3) Any dispute as to the amount (if any) payable by a local authority under the foregoing provisions of this section shall be determined in accordance with subsection (2) of section two hundred and seventy-eight of the Public Health Act, 1936.

7.—(1) Where, at any time before the commencement of Maintenance this Act, a local authority, acting in the exercise of powers con- cxjftjfg ferred under Regulation 54B of the Defence (General) a^qSeue Regulations, 1939, or without statutory powers, have provided barrios, any such accommodation as follows, that is to say—

(a) any such shelter or accommodation as is described in

section four of this Act;

(b) any barriers or posts for the regulation of persons

waiting to enter public service vehicles, the local authority shall have power by virtue of this section to maintain that accommodation.

(2) The provisions of sections five and six of this Act shall apply to the maintenance of any accommodation under this section, and to accommodation maintained thereunder, as they apply to the provision of accommodation under section four of this Act, and to accommodation provided under that section; but where any consent required under the said section five has been given by any authority or person before the commencement of this Act in respect of the provision of any accommodation to which this section applies, nothing in this subsection shall be construed as requiring any further consent on the part of that authority or person in respect of the maintenance of that accommodation.

244

Ch. 26

Local Government 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Dustbins.

Miscellaneous powers and provisions

8.—(1) Subsection (3) of section seventy-five of the Public Health Act, 1936 (which enables local authorities to provide and maintain dustbins for the reception of house refuse, and to make annual charges not exceeding two shillings and sixpence in respect of each dustbin so provided) shall have effect as if for the words 44 two shillings and sixpence " there were substituted the words44 five shillings

(2) Where a local authority are authorised under any enactment other than the said section seventy-five to make, in connection with the carrying out by them of an undertaking as to the collection and disposal of refuse, an annual charge in respect of the provision, maintenance, repair or renewal of dustbins, and the amount of that charge is limited by or by virtue of any Act or other instrument determining the functions of that authority to an amount less than five shillings in respect of each dustbin, that authority may, notwithstanding that limitation, increase that charge to such amount, not exceeding five shillings, as they think fit; and any charge which is increased in pursuance of this subsection shall be subject to the like incidents in all respects as the original charge.

(3) The Minister may by order (to be made by statutory instrument) direct that the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect as if for references to five shillings there were substituted references to such greater sum as may be specified in the order, and may in like manner vary or revoke any such order; and any statutory instrument made under this subsection shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) Where an appeal is brought under subsection (1) of the said section seventy-five in respect of a notice requiring one of two persons who are respectively the owner and the occupier of a building to provide a dustbin, and the grounds upon which the appeal is brought include the ground that it was not equitable that the notice should have been served on the appellant—

(a) the appellant shall serve a copy of his notice of appeal on the other of the two said persons *, and

(b) on the hearing of the appeal the court may make such order as it thinks fit with respect to compliance with the first-mentioned notice either by the appellant or by the said other person;

and in exercising its powers under this subsection the court shall have regard, as between an owner and an occupier, to the terms and conditions, whether contractual or statutory, of the tenancy of the premises concerned.

1953

Local Government

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 26

245

9. Where, under any local enactment, the erection of build- Calculation of mgs on land having a frontage on a new street is prohibited contributions until works for the construction or sewering of the street have P?derStr. been carried out in accordance with byelaws, the amount of 1951/ the sum required to be paid or secured by any person under

the New Streets Act, 1951, shall be calculated as if those works had been carried out.

10. —(1) In any case where a local authority would be Closing orders required, apart from this section, to make a demolition order respect of under section eleven of the Housing Act, 1936, in respect of a

house, the authority may, if they consider it inexpedient to make 0 amg8, such an order having regard to the effect of the demolition of that house upon any other house or building, in lieu of making such an order make a closing order prohibiting the use of the house for any purpose other than a purpose approved by the local authority.

(2) A local authority by whom a closing order is made under this section shall serve a copy of the order upon every person upon whom they would be required to serve it if it were a demolition order made under the said section eleven.

(3) Where a closing order has been made by a local authority under this section in respect of a house, the authority may at any time revoke that order and make a demolition order under the said section eleven without further compliance with the provisions of subsections (1) to (3) of that section.

(4) The following provisions of the said Act, that is to say—

(a) so much of subsection (1) of section twelve as directs that the approval of the local authority shall not be unreasonably withheld and provides for the determination of a closing order;

(b) section fourteen (which imposes a penalty for using

premises in contravention of a closing order);

(c) section fifteen (which relates to appeals to the county

court against notices, demands and orders);

() section eighteen (which enables local authorities to pay

allowances to persons displaced from premises to which closing orders apply);

(e) section nineteen (which contains provisions for the

protection of owners of houses); and

if) section one hundred and fifty-six (which provides for the recovery of possession of premises subject to closing orders),

shall have effect in relation to a closing order made under this section and to a house to which such an order applies as they have effect in relation to a closing order under the said section

246

Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Provisions

relating to

certain

outstanding

demolition

orders.

Water

undertakings of local authorities.

CH. 26

twelve and to a part of a building to which such an order applies, and as if references to Part II of that Act included references to this section.

(5) Section one hundred and sixty of the said Act (which empowers the county court to determine or vary a lease of premises in respect of which a demolition order has become operative) shall have effect in relation to a closing order under this section which has become operative and to a house to which such an order applies as it has effect in relation to a demolition order which has become operative and to a house to which such an order applies.

11. —(1) Section two of the Housing Act, 1949 (which provides for the quashing of certain outstanding demolition orders on request in that behalf made within twelve months from the commencement of that Act), shall have effect and shall be deemed always to have had effect, as though for the words "within the period of twelve months from the commencement of this Act " there were substituted the words " not later than twelve months after the passing of the Local Government (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 ".

(2) Where a demolition order has been made in respect of a house under Part II of the Housing Act, 1936, at any time before the commencement of this Act, and it appears to the local authority by whom that order was made that compliance therewith is inexpedient having regard to the effect of the demolition of that house upon any other house or building, they may, whether or not that order has become operative and whether or not the period within which the house is thereby required to be demolished has expired, revoke the demolition order and make in respect of the house such a closing order as is authorised by subsection (1) of section ten of this Act.

(3) Subsections (2) to (5) of the said section ten shall apply to a closing order made under the last foregoing subsection as if it were made under the said section ten, and as if the reference in subsection (2) of that section to a copy of the closing order included a reference to a notice of the revocation of the demolition order.

12. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section. Part XIII of the Third Schedule to the Water Act, 1945 (which contains provisions for preventing waste of water) with the exception of section sixty-one (which empowers the undertakers to test water fittings) is hereby incorporated with every local enactment authorising a local authority to supply water, and shall apply to every water undertaking carried on by a local authority under any such enactment accordingly; and so much of any such enactment as contains provisions corresponding with die provisions applied by this subsection shall cease to have effect

1953

Local Government

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 26

247

(2) The foregoing subsection shall not apply to any local enactment which contains provisions corresponding with any of the provisions of the said Part XIII otherwise than by virtue of the incorporation of that Part or of the relevant provisions of that Part, or of any corresponding enactment repealed by the Water Act, 1945, or to any local enactment authorising a local authority to supply water in bulk only.

(3) Section sixty-four of the said Third Schedule (which relates to waste of water by non-repair of water fittings) shall have effect, so far as applied by this section or by section one hundred and twenty of the Public Health Act, 1936, to the undertaking of a local authority, as set out with modifications in the Schedule to this Act

(4) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (3) of section forty-one of the Third Schedule to the Water Act, 1945 (which provides for the recovery from owners or occupiers of expenses incurred by the undertakers in laying communication pipes) as applied in relation to the water undertaking of any local authority, or in any corresponding provision of any local enactment authorising a local authority to supply water, any such local authority may, if they think fit, themselves bear the whole or any part of any expenses recoverable by the authority thereunder.

(5) In this section 44local enactment'* has the meaning assigned to it by the Water Act, 1945, and 44 local authority " includes a joint water board within the meaning of that Act

(6) Any notice, authority or requirement given or imposed under any enactment repealed by this section shall have effect as if given or imposed under the corresponding provision of Part XIII of the Third Schedule to the Water Act, 1945.

13. Notwithstanding anything in section thirty-six of the Power to local Public Health Act, 1936 (which enables local authorities to authorities to undertake the making of communications with public sewers waivc certain in certain cases) any local authority may themselves bear the charge?6 whole or any part of any expenses recoverable under that section

from the person for whom the work is done by that authority thereunder.

14. —(1) Upon an election of county or borough aldermen Declaration held under the Local Government Act, 1933, the person presid- of voting ing at the meeting shall, as soon as all the voting papers have at c,^tio"J of been delivered to him, proceed to ascertain the result of the trough voting and state the number of votes given to each person, and aldermen, shall then deliver the voting papers to the clerk of the county

council or the town clerk, as the case may be, to be kept for six months.

248

Ch. 26

Local Government 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Disability of members of local

authorities on account of interests in contracts.

Financial loss allowances to members of local

authorities,

etc.

(2) In the case of any such election as aforesaid, the minutes of the proceedings of the meeting shall include the full names and places of residence and descriptions of the persons to whom votes are given, and the names of the persons by whom those votes are given respectively.

(3) Subsection (4) of section seven of the Local Government Act, 1933, subsection (4) of section twenty-two of that Act, section two hundred and twenty-five of the Nottinghamshire County Council Act, 1951, and section one hundred and nine of the Glamorgan County Council Act, 1952, are hereby repealed.

15. In each of the following enactments, that is to say—

(a) subsection (2A) of section seventy-six of the Local

Government Act, 1933 (which restricts the effect of the disabilities imposed by subsection (1) of that section upon members of local authorities having a pecuniary interest in contracts in the case of persons having only an indirect interest by virtue of the holding of shares in a company where that holding does not exceed two hundred pounds or one hundredth of the issued share capital, whichever is the less);

(b) subsection (2A) of section fifty-two of the London

Government Act, 1939 (which makes corresponding provision in respect of London); and

(c) subsection (2A) of section seventy-three of the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which makes corresponding provision in respect of Scotland), for the words " two hundred pounds " there shall be substituted the words " five hundred pounds ", 16

16. —(1) In subsection (1) of section one hundred and twelve of the Local Government Act, 1948 (which provides for the payment of financial loss allowances to members of bodies to which Part VI of that Act applies), after the words " financial loss allowance " there shall be inserted the words " not exceeding such amount as may be prescribed

(2) A statutory instrument containing regulations made under section one hundred and seventeen of the said Act, being regulations made for the purposes of section one hundred and twelve of that Act as amended by this section, shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(3) The proviso to the said section one hundred and twelve (which imposes specific limits on the amount of any payment under that subsection in respect of any one period of twenty-four hours) shall cease to have effect on such date as may be prescribed by regulations made as aforesaid.

1953

Local Government

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 26

249

Supplemental

17. There shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Financial Parliament any increase in die sums payable under any other protons, enactment out of moneys so provided which is attributable to

the provisions of this Act.

18. —(1) In this Act— Interpretation. 44 local authority " means the council of a county, county

borough, metropolitan borough or county district and die Common Council of the City of London; and 44 the Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as a reference thereto as amended by or under any subsequent enactment.

19. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Government Short tide.

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act. 1953. commence-

(2) This Act shall come into operation one month after the date on which it is passed.

(3) Sections fifteen and sixteen of this Act. and section seventeen, so far as it relates to section sixteen, shall extend to Scodand; but except as aforesaid this Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE Section 12.

Section 64 of Third Schedule to Water Act. 1945. as modified

64.—(1) If the owner of any premises wilfully or negligently causes penalty for or suffers any water fitting, not being a fitting which some person waste, etc., of other than the owner is liable to maintain, or If the occupier of any water by. premises wilfully or negligently causes or suffers any water fitting, not being a fitting which some person other than the occupier is liable to maintain,—

(a) to be or remain so out of order, or so in need of repair; or

(b) to be or remain so constructed or adapted, or be so used,

that the water supplied to those premises by the undertakers is, or is likely to be, wasted, misused or unduly consumed or contaminated before use, or that foul air or any impure matter is likely to return into any pipe belonging to, or connected with a pipe belonging to, the undertakers, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(2) If any water fitting on any premises, not being a fitting which the undertakers are liable to maintain, is in such a condition, or so constructed or adapted as aforesaid, the undertakers, without prejudice to their right to institute proceedings under the last fore* going subsection, may require the owner of the premises to carry out any necessary repairs or alterations, and, if he fails to do so

le

250 Ch. 26, 27 Local Government 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

within forty-eight hours, may themselves carry out the work and recover from him summarily as a civil debt the expenses reasonably incurred by them in so doing but without prejudice to the rights and obligations, as between themselves, of the owner and the occupier of the premises.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Telegraph Act, 1878

Road Traffic Act, 1930

Local Government Act, 1933

Public Health Act, 1936

Housing Act, 1936

London Government Act, 1939 ...

Water Act, 1945

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 Local Government Act, 1948 Housing Act, 1949

41 & 42 Vict. c. 76.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 51.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 42.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 & 12 Geo. 6.C.26. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 60.

New Streets Act, 1951

Nottinghamshire County Council Act, 1951 Glamorgan County Council Act, 1952 ...

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 40.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. xlv.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. li.

Slaughter of pigs otherwise than in slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard.

CHAPTER 27

An Act to provide for the humane slaughter of pigs in places other than slaughterhouses and knackers’ yards; and for purposes connected therewith.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. No pig exceeding twelve weeks in age shall be slaughtered in any place other than a slaughterhouse or knacker’s yard unless—

(a) it shall be instantaneously slaughtered or shall by stunning be instantaneously rendered insensible to pain until death supervenes; and (b) the slaughter or stunning shall be effected by means of a mechanically-operated instrument in proper repair:

Provided that this section shall not apply if the pig is slaughtered at any laboratory, research station or similar institution, for the purposes of the diagnosis of disease or research in connection with the arts of veterinary surgery or medicine.

1953

Slaughter of Animals (Pigs) Act, 1953

Ch. 27

251

2. If any person intentionally slaughters or stuns, or attempts Penalties, to slaughter or stun, a pig in contravention of the provisions of

this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or on a second conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or on any subsequent conviction to imprisonment for a period not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine:

Provided that it shall be a defence for any person to prove that he acted bona fide in any emergency or for the purpose of preventing or arresting injury or suffering or the spread of disease to any person or animal and that he took all reasonable steps in the circumstances to prevent the infliction of unnecessary suffering.

3. —(1) In this Act— Interpreta-" mechanically-operated instrument " has in England thetion*

same meaning as in the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933; 23 24 Geo. s.

c 39

" pig " includes any boar, hog or sow;

" slaughterhouse " and " knacker’s yard " have the same meaning respectively in England as in the Slaughter of Animals Act, 1933, and in Scotland as in the Public 60 & 61 Vict 61 Vict. Health (Scotland) Act, 1897. c-38-

(2) In Scotland for the purposes of the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1953, the expression " mechanically-operated instrument" includes an instrument for stunning by means of electricity.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Slaughter of Animals citation,

(Pigs) Act, 1953. extent and

commence-

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland. ment-

(3) The Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1928 and 1949, and this Act as it applies to Scotland may be cited together as the Slaughter of Animals (Scotland) Acts, 1928 to 1953.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

252

Ch. 28

Dogs (Protection of

Livestock) , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

CHAPTER 28

An Act to provide for the punishment of persons whose dogs worry livestock on agricultural land; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Penalty where 1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, if a dog worries

dog worries livestock on any agricultural land, the owner of the dog, and, if it is in the charge of a person other than its owner, that person also, shall be guilty of an offence under this Act.

(2) For the purposes of this Act worrying livestock means—

(<a) attacking livestock, or

(b) chasing livestock in such a way as may reasonably be expected to cause injury or suffering to the livestock or, in the case of females, abortion, or loss of or diminution in their produce.

(3) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under this Act by reason of anything done by a dog, if at the material time the livestock are trespassing on the land in question and the dog is owned by, or in the charge of, the occupier of that land or a person authorised by him, except in a case where the said person causes the dog to attack the livestock.

(4) The owner of a dog shall not be convicted of an offence under this Act in respect of the worrying of livestock by the dog if he proves that at die time when the dog worried the livestock it was in the charge of some other person, whom he reasonably believed to be a fit and proper person to be in charge of the dog.

(5) Where the Minister is satisfied that it is inexpedient that subsection (1) of this section should apply to land in any particular area, being an area appearing to him to consist wholly or mainly of mountain, hill, moor, heath or down land, he may by order direct that that subsection shall not apply to land in that area.

(6) A person guilty of an offence under this Act shall be liable on summary conviction—

(a) except in a case falling within the succeeding paragraph, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds;

(b) in a case where the person in question has previously been convicted of an offence under this Act in respect of the same dog, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

1953

Dogs (Protection of

Livestock) , 1953

Ch. 28

253

2. —(1) As respects an offence under this Act alleged to have Enforcement, been committed in respect of a dog on any agricultural land in England or Wales, no proceedings shall be brought except—

(a) by or with the consent of the chief officer of police for the police area in which the land is situated, or

(b) by the occupier of the land, or

(c) by the owner of any of the livestock in question.

(2) Where in the case of a dog found on any land—

(a) a police officer has reasonable cause to believe that the dog has been worrying livestock on that land, and the land appears to him to be agricultural land, and

(b) no person is present who admits to being die owner of

the dog or in charge of it, then for the purpose of ascertaining who is the owner of the dog the police officer may seize it and may detain it until the owner has claimed it and paid all expenses incurred by reason of its detention.

(3) Subsections (4) to (10) of section three of the Dogs Act, 6Edw.7. c.32. 1906 (which provide for the disposal of dogs seized under subsection (1) of that section if unclaimed after seven days) shall

apply in relation to dogs seized under the last preceding subsection as they apply in relation to dogs seized under subsection (1) of that section (which provides for the seizure and detention of dogs found in highways and places of public resort and believed to be stray dogs).

3. —(1) In this Act—

" agricultural land " means land used as arable, meadow or Interpretation grazing land, or for the purpose of poultry farming, pig and firming, market gardens, allotments, nursery grounds or orchards; and p oymo

" livestock " means cattle, sheep, goats, swine, horses, or poultry, and for the purposes of this definition " cattle " means bulls, cows, oxen, heifers or calves, " horses " includes asses and mules, and " poultry " means domestic fowls, turkeys, geese or ducks.

(2) In this Act the expression "the Minister" as respects England and Wales means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and as respects Scotland means the Secretary of State.

(3) The power of the Minister to make orders under subsection (5) of section one of this Act shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power, exercisable in the like manner, to vary or revoke any such order.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Dogs (Protection of Short title

Livestock) Act, 1953. and extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

254

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 . 2

Maternity

grant.

CHAPTER 29

National Insurance Act, 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Maternity grant.

2. Abolition of attendance allowance.

3. Amendments of principal Act consequential on ss. 1 and 2.

4. Home confinement grant.

5. Amendments of principal Act consequential on s. 4.

6. General provisions as to maternity allowances.

7. Partial satisfaction of contribution conditions for maternity allowance.

8. Provision for increasing maternity allowance in certain cases.

9. Amendments of principal Act and regulations consequential on ss. 6-8.

10. Restriction on right to unemployment or sickness benefit.

11. Transitional provisions.

12. Provisions as to appointed day.

13. Provisions as to regulations.

14. Short title, citation, construction and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Consequential Amendments of National Insurance Act, 1946, and Regulations thereunder.

Second Schedule—Transitional Provisions.

An Act to amend the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1952, in relation to maternity benefit and persons entitled thereto; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by ana with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) As from the appointed day the provisions of this section shall have effect as respects maternity grants under the National Insurance Act, 1946 (hereafter in this Act referred to as "the principal Act").

(2) The amount of a maternity grant shall be nine pounds instead of four pounds.

(3) The provisions of the principal Act as to maternity grants shall apply in relation to a woman who—

(i a)satisfies the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance, or

(b) satisfies any contribution conditions which she is required to satisfy in order to become entitled to a maternity allowance at a reduced rate by virtue of regulations under section twenty-five of the principal Act,

as they apply in relation to a woman who satisfies the contribution conditions for a maternity grant

1953

National Insurance , 1953

Ch. 29

-255

(4) In the contribution conditions for a maternity grant contained in paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule to the principal Act, for the condition that not less than twenty-six contributions of the appropriate class have been paid by or credited to the relevant person in respect of the last complete contribution year before the relevant time, there shall be substituted the condition that not less than twenty-six such contributions have been paid by or credited to the relevant person in respect of the last complete contribution year before the beginning of the benefit year comprising the relevant time.

In this subsection references to a contribution year and to a benefit year are references to periods which are respectively a contribution year and a benefit year in relation to the relevant person.

(5) In the conditions for entitlement to a maternity grant contained in subsection (1) of section fourteen of the principal Act, for the condition that it has been certified by a qualified practitioner that the woman has been confined, there shall be substituted the condition that the woman has been confined.

(6) For the provisions of subsection (5) of the said section fourteen as to a woman certified to have been confined of twins or a greater number of children there shall be substituted a power by regulations to provide that a woman confined of twins or a greater number of children shall, if the other conditions for the payment of a maternity grant are satisfied in respect of the confinement, be entitled to a maternity grant for each of them.

(7) The power conferred by subsection (6) of the said section fourteen to make regulations as respects cases where it is certified that it is to be expected that a woman will be confined shall have effect as a power to make regulations providing that the provisions of that section shall apply to a woman, in a case where her claim indicates that she so desires, with the substitution, for the condition that she has been confined, of the condition that she is pregnant and has reached a stage in her pregnancy which is not more than the prescribed number of contribution weeks before that in which it is to be expected that she will be confined, including power by the regulations to modify - the contribution conditions for a maternity grant in their application to such a case.

(8) For the provision contained in subsection (1) of the said section fourteen that a woman shall not be entitled to a maternity grant by virtue both of her own and of her husband’s insurance there shall be substituted a provision that (except as may be otherwise provided in the case of women confined of twins or a greater number of children) a woman shall not be entitled to more than one maternity grant in respect of any one confinement.

256

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Abolition of

attendance

allowance.

Amendments of principal Act

consequential on ss. 1 and 2.

Home

confinement

grant.

2. As from the appointed day the provisions of the principal Act as to attendance allowances shall cease to have effect

3. In accordance with the two preceding sections the provisions of the principal Act specified in Part I of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as from the appointed day subject to the amendments specified in the said Part I.

4. —(1) As from the appointed day maternity benefit shall include an additional description of grant to be known as home confinement grant and the following provisions of this section shall have effect as respects that description of grant

(2) The amount of a home confinement grant shall be three pounds.

(3) The following section shall be inserted after section fourteen of the principal Act: —

" 14A.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act a woman shall be entitled to a home confinement grant if—

(a) she has been confined;

(b) her confinement did not take place in accommoda-

tion provided under the national health service or under Part III of the National Assistance Act 1948, or in accommodation of a description prescribed by regulations under this section, or in the course of transit to accommodation of any description falling within this paragraph; and

(c) she has claimed a maternity grant in respect of

the confinement in question (whether the claim was made after or in expectation of the confinement) and her claim has been allowed.

(2) Regulations may provide that, in such cases as may be specified in the regulations, a confinement which takes place in accommodation such as is referred to in paragraph lb) of the preceding subsection, or in the course of transit to any such accommodation, shall be treated for the purposes of that subsection as if it had not taken place in, or in the course of transit to, accommodation of a description falling within that paragraph.

(3) A woman shall not be entitled to a home confinement grant in respect of a confinement taking place outside Great Britain.

(4) For the purposes of this section a woman’s confinement shall be deemed to take place at the time when her labour results in the issue of a child, or, if she is confined of twins or a greater number of children, at the time when her labour results in the issue of the first of them.

1953

National Insurance , 1953

Ch. 29

257

(5) In this section the expression " accommodation provided under the national health service" means hospital accommodation being either—

(a) accommodation maintained or administered under

the National Health Service Act, 1946, or under the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, or

(b) accommodation not so maintained or administered in which medical, nursing or other services are provided in pursuance of arrangements made by a Regional Hospital Board constituted under either of those Acts;

and for the purposes of this definition the expression " hospital accommodation " has the same meaning as in those Acts:

Provided that accommodation in which a woman is, or to which she is in the course of transit, when her confinement takes place shall, in relation to that confinement, be deemed not to be accommodation falling within paragraph (b) of this subsection if she is not there (or is not to be there, as the case may be) in pursuance of arrangements such as are mentioned in that paragraph ".

5. In accordance with the last preceding section the pro-Amendments

visions of the principal Act specified in Part II of the First of principal Schedule to this Act shall have effect as from the appointed day ^Ssecmential subject to the amendments specified in the said Part II. on s/4

6. —(1) As from the appointed day the provisions of this General

section shall have effect as respects maternity allowances. provisions as to

maternity

(2) The weekly rate of a maternity allowance shall be allowances, thirty-two shillings and sixpence instead of thirty-six shillings.

(3) For the period of thirteen weeks specified in subsection

(2) of section fifteen of the principal Act as that for which, subject as therein mentioned, a maternity allowance is payable there shall be substituted the period of eighteen weeks beginning with the eleventh week before the expected week of confinement (as defined in subsection (7) of this section).

l(4) For the purposes of a right to a maternity allowance a woman shall not be credited with contributions by virtue of regulations made under section fifty-nine of the principal Act (which provides for the making of regulations under which married women may be excepted from insurance or from liability

I

258

Ch. 29

National Insurance , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

to pay contributions and, for the purposes of a maternity allowance, may be credited with contributions which they would otherwise have been liable to pay), and any contributions so credited before the appointed day shall be disregarded.

(5) In the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance set out in paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule to the principal Act, for the condition that not less than forty-five contributions of the appropriate class have been paid by or credited to the claimant in respect of the fifty-two weeks immediately preceding the period for which the allowance is payable, there shall be substituted the condition that not less than fifty contributions of the appropriate class or their equivalent have been paid by or credited to the claimant in respect of the fifty-two weeks immediately preceding the thirteenth week before the expected week of confinement (as defined in subsection (7) of this section).

(6) Nothing in the last .preceding subsection shall be construed as enabling contributions other than those of the appropriate class to be reckoned towards the twenty-six contributions referred to in die said contribution conditions.

(7) In the conditions for entitlement to a maternity allowance contained in subsection (1) of section fifteen of the principal Act, for the condition that it has been certified by a qualified practitioner that it is to be expected that the woman will be confined as mentioned in paragraph (a) of that subsection, there shall be substituted the condition that the woman is pregnant and has reached a stage in her .pregnancy which is not more than the prescribed number of weeks before the week in which it is to be expected that she will be confined (in this section referred to as the " expected week of confinement ").

(8) Regulations may provide that a woman who has become entitled to a maternity allowance shall cease to be entitled thereto if her pregnancy is terminated otherwise than by confinement

(9) Regulations may provide for disqualifying a woman for receiving a maternity allowance to which she has become entitled if, at a time before her confinement occurs, she fails without good cause to attend for or to submit herself to any medical examination required in accordance with the regulations.

(10) For the power conferred by subsection (4) of the said section fifteen to make regulations as respects cases where it is certified by a qualified practitioner that a woman has been confined there shall be substituted a power to make regulations modifying subsections (1) and (2) of that section in relation to cases where a woman has been confined and either—

(a) she has not made a claim for a maternity allowance in respect of expectation of that confinement (other than any claim which has been disallowed), or

1953

National Insurance , 1953

Ch. 29

259

(b) she has made a claim for a maternity allowance in respect of expectation of that confinement (other than a claim which has been disallowed) but the date of the confinement was more than eleven weeks before the expected week of confinement,

including power by the regulations to modify the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance, in their application to such cases, by substituting references to the week comprising the date of the confinement for references to the expected week of confinement.

(11) For the provision made by paragraph (b) of the proviso to subsection (2) of the said section fifteen for prolonging the payment of a maternity allowance where the date of the confinement occurs after the week certified as that in which it was to be expected that the woman would be confined there shall be substituted a power by regulations to provide, as respects cases where the date of the confinement occurs after the end of the expected week of confinement, for extending the period of eighteen weeks referred to in subsection (3) of this section until the end of such week (not being later than the sixth week after that in which the date of the confinement occurs) as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(12) In this section the expression " week " means a contribution week.

7. —(1) The power conferred by section twenty-five of the principal Act, in relation to benefit of the descriptions specified in subsection (1) of that section, to provide by regulations for entitlement to benefit on a reduced scale in cases where a person would be entitled to the benefit but for the fact that the relevant contribution conditions are not satisfied, shall be extended so as to enable the like provision to be made for entitlement to a maternity allowance at a reduced rate in cases where a woman would be entitled to the allowance but for the fact that the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance, though satisfied as respects the twenty-six contributions required to have been actually paid, are not satisfied as respects the fifty contributions required to have been paid by or credited to the claimant.

(2) In the preceding subsection the reference to the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance includes a reference to those conditions as modified by regulations in their application to cases such as are referred to in subsection (10) of the last preceding section.

8. —(1) Regulations may provide that, in such cases as may be prescribed, the weekly rate of a maternity allowance shall, for the periods specified in the following provisions of this section, be increased by the amounts specified in those provisions.

Partial

satisfaction of contribution conditions for maternity allowance.

Provision for increasing maternity allowance in certain cases.

260

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

(2) The said periods are (with the necessary modifications) the same as those mentioned respectively in subsection (1) of section twenty-three and subsection (2) of section twenty-four of the principal Act (which provide for increases of benefit, other than maternity allowance, in certain cases), that is to say: —

(< a) any period for which the beneficiary has a family which includes a child or children;

(b) any period during which the beneficiary is wholly or

mainly maintaining her husband who is incapable of self-support;

(c) any period during which the beneficiary has residing

with her and is wholly or mainly maintaining such other relative as may be prescribed, being a relative in relation to whom such further conditions as may be prescribed are fulfilled;

() any period during which some female person (not being

a child) has the care of a child or children of the beneficiary’s family, being a person in relation to whom such further conditions as may be prescribed are fulfilled.

(3) The amounts of - the said increases are as follows: —

(a) for any period for which the beneficiary has a family

which includes a child or children, ten shillings and sixpence in respect of that child or the elder or eldest of those children, and, for any such (period for which the family includes two or more of those children, two shillings and sixpence in respect of each of those children other than the elder or eldest of them;

(b) for any such period as is mentioned in paragraphs ( )

to id) of the last preceding subsection, twenty-one shillings and sixpence, so however that the rate of a maternity allowance shall not for any one period be increased under this paragraph by more than one such amount.

(4) The two last preceding subsections shall be taken to apply as respects a child or children born to the beneficiary on the occasion of the relevant confinement (that is to say, the confinement by reason of whose actual or expected occurrence she became entitled to a maternity allowance) as they would apply as respects any other child of the beneficiary’s family.

(5) Subsection (4) of section twenty-four of the principal Act (which defines " relative " for the purposes of that section) shall apply for the purposes of this section.

1953

National Insurance , 1953

Ch. 29

261

9. In accordance with the three last preceding sections the provisions of the principal Act specified in Part III of the First Schedule to this Act, and the regulations specified in the said Part III, shall have effect as from the appointed day subject to the amendments specified in the said Part III.

10. —(1) A woman who has been confined, and is entitled to a maternity grant in respect of that confinement (or would be so entitled if she made the necessary claim), shall, if the date of the confinement occurs on or after die appointed day, not be entided to unemployment or sickness benefit in respect of any day falling within the period of four weeks beginning with the date of the confinement.

(2) The preceding subsection shall apply in relation to a woman whose pregnancy is terminated otherwise than by confinement after she has become entided to a maternity grant in expectation of her confinement, as if she had been confined and the date of the confinement were the date on which her pregnancy is so terminated.

11. The transitional provisions set out in the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the preceding provisions of this Act

12. —(1) In this Act the expression " the appointed day " means, subject to the following provisions of this section, such day as the Minister may by order appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes of this Act or for the same purpose in relation to different cases or classes of case.

(2) Any order under this section may, if the day thereby appointed is appointed for some only of the purposes of this Act or in relation only to some cases or classes of case, contain such incidental or supplementary provisions as appear to the Minister to be necessary or expedient as respects the period or any part of the period when this Act is to have a partial operation only and, in particular, provisions modifying and supplementing, in relation to the period to which the order is to apply, the provisions of this Act or any provisions of the principal Act affected by this Act.

(3) The power to make orders under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument and shall include power to vaiy or revoke any order so made by a subsequent order.

13. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations shall be without prejudice to the generality of any power to make regulations conferred by any provision of the principal Act

Amendments of principal Act and regulations consequential on ss. 6-8.

Restriction on right to unemployment or sickness benefit.

Transitional

provisions.

Provisions as to appointed day.

Provisions as to regulations.

262

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(2) Without prejudice to the construction of this Act as one with the principal Act, section seventy-five of the principal Act (which contains general provisions as to regulations and other instruments under that Act) and, except where expressly excluded, section seventy-seven of that Act (which relates to the consideration of regulations by the Advisory Committee) shall apply for the purposes of any power to make regulations under this Act.

(3) Any power conferred by this Act to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any instrument containing any such regulations shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

(4) In the application of section seventy-seven of the principal Act to any regulations made under a ,power conferred by this Act, the reference in subsection (5) of that section to the laying of regulations before Parliament in pursuance of section seventy-six of that Act shall be construed as a reference to the laying thereof before Parliament in pursuance of the last preceding subsection.

Short title, citation, construction and extent.

14.—(1) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance Act, 1953, and this Act and the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1952, may be cited together as the National Insurance Acts, 1946 to 1953.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the National Insurance Act, 1946.

(3) Without prejudice to the last preceding subsection, paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) of section sixteen of the principal Act (which define " confinement " and references to the date of the confinement for the purposes of the provisions of that Act relating to maternity benefit) shall apply for the purposes of all the provisions of this Act.

(4) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, except in so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended or extended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(5) Where by any provision of this Act an amount or rate is specified as that which is, or by virtue of this Act is to be, the amount or rate of benefit of any description, the amount or rate so specified shall be taken to be that which has effect, or, as the case may be, is to have effect, subject to the exercise of any power conferred by or under die principal Act or this Act whereby benefit may be.increased or reduced in particular cases or classes of case.

(6) Without prejudice to the operation, in relation to any matters arising out of this Act, of any provision of the National Insurance Act, 1946, relating to Northern Ireland, this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1953

National Insurance , 1953

Ch. 29

263

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Consequential Amendments of National Insurance Act, 1946, and Regulations Thereunder

Part I

Amendments Consequential on Provisions as to Maternity Grant and Attendance Allowance

1. In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section ten of the principal Act the words " attendance allowance " shall be omitted.

2. The following section shall be substituted for section fourteen of the principal Act: —

" 14.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a woman shall be entitled to a maternity grant if she has been confined and either—

(a) she or her husband satisfies the relevant contribution conditions, or

(b) she satisfies the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance or satisfies any contribution conditions which she is required to satisfy in order to become entitled to a maternity allowance at a reduced rate by virtue of regulations under section twenty-five of this Act

(2) Except where regulations otherwise provide, a woman shall not be entitled to a maternity grant in respect of a confinement if on the date of the confinement she is outside Great Britain.

(3) Regulations may provide that a woman confined of twins or a greater number of children shall, if the other conditions for the payment of a maternity grant are satisfied in respect of the confinement, be entitled to a maternity grant for each of them.

(4) Regulations may provide that the provisions of this section shall apply to a woman, in a case where her claim indicates that she so desires, with the substitution, for the condition that she has been confined, of the condition that she is pregnant and has reached a stage in her pregnancy which is not more than the prescribed number of contribution weeks before that in which it is to be expected that she will be confined, and may modify the contribution conditions for a maternity grant in their application to such a case.

(5) Subject to the provisions of subsection (3) of this section, a woman shall not be entitled to more than one maternity grant in respect of any one confinement.

(6) For the purposes of this section the expression " husband " includes a widow’s late husband, where the benefit is claimed in respect of a posthumous son or daughter of his".

3. Paragraph 3 of Part I of the Second Schedule to the principal Act shall be omitted, and in paragraph 1 of Part II of that Schedule for the entry " 4.0.0 " there shall be substituted the entry " 9.0.0 ".

Sections 3, 5, 9.

264

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

l»r Sch. 4. In sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of the Third Schedule to —cont. the principal Act the words " or an attendance allowance " shall be omitted.

5. In head (6) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 of the said Third Schedule, for the words " the relevant time " there shall be substituted the words " the beginning of the benefit year comprising the relevant time ", and at the end of that paragraph the following shall be inserted: —

" (c) references to a contribution year and to a benefit year are references to periods which are respectively a contribution year and a benefit year in relation to the relevant person

Part II

Amendments Consequential on Provisions as to Home Confinement Grant

6. In paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section ten of the principal Act, after die words *maternity grant" there shall be inserted the words "home confinement grant", and in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of that section, after the words " maternity grant " there shall be inserted the words " a home confinement grant ".

7. In Part II of the Second Schedule to the principal Act, after paragraph 1 there shall be inserted the following paragraph:—

" 1A. Home confinement grant 3 0 0."

Part III

Amendments Consequential on Provisions as to Maternity

Allowance

8. The following section shall be substituted for section fifteen of the principal Act:—

" 15.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a woman shall be entitled to a maternity allowance if—

(a) she is pregnant and has reached a stage in her pregnancy which is not more than the prescribed number of weeks before the week in which it is to be expected that she will be confined (in this section referred to as the " expected week of confinement "); and

(b) she satisfies the relevant contribution conditions.

(2) Subject to the following provisions of this section, the period for which a maternity allowance is payable shall be the period of eighteen weeks beginning with the eleventh week before the expected week of confinement.

(3) A woman who has become entided to a maternity allowance shall cease to be entided thereto if she dies before the beginning of the period mentioned in the last preceding subsection; and if such a woman dies after the beginning but before the end of that period the allowance shall not be payable for any week subsequent to that in which she dies.

(4) Regulations may provide that a woman who has become entitled to a maternity allowance shall cease to be entitled thereto if her pregnancy is terminated otherwise than by confinement.

1953

National Insurance , 1953

Ch. 29

265

(5) Regulations may make provision, as respects cases where the date of the confinement occurs after the end of the expected week of confinement, for extending the period referred to in subsection (2) of this section until the end of such week (not being later than the sixth week after that in which the date of the confinement occurs) as may be prescribed by the regulations.

(6) Regulations may modify subsections (1) to (3) of this section in relation to cases where a woman has been confined and either—

(a) she has not made a claim for a maternity allowance

in respect of expectation of that confinement (other than any claim which has been disallowed), or

(b) she has made a claim for a maternity allowance in respect of expectation of that confinement (other than a claim which has been disallowed) but the date of the confinement was more than eleven weeks before the expected week of confinement,

and may modify the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance, in their application to such cases, by substituting references to the week comprising the date of the confinement for references to the expected week of confinement.

(7) Regulations may provide for disqualifying a woman for receiving a maternity allowance if—

(a) during the period for which the allowance is payable

she does any work as an employed or self-employed person or fails without good cause to observe any prescribed rules of behaviour; or

(b) at any time before her confinement occurs she fails without good cause to attend for or to submit herself to any medical examination required in accordance with the regulations.

(8) In this section the expression " week " means a contribution week ".

9. In subsection (1) of section sixteen of the principal Act, paragraph (c) shall be omitted.

10. In subsection (1) of section twenty-five of the principal Act, after the words " sickness benefit " there shall be inserted the words "a maternity allowance", and for the words from "the fact" to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words M the fact—

(a) in the case of benefit of any description other than maternity

allowance, that the relevant contribution conditions are not satisfied as respects the number of contributions paid or credited in a contribution year or the yearly average of contributions paid or credited;

(b) in the case of maternity allowance, that the relevant contri-

bution conditions, though satisfied as respects the twenty-six contributions required to have been actually paid, are not satisfied as respects the fifty contributions required to have been paid by or credited to the claimant

I*

1st Sch. —coni.

266

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

1st Sch. In paragraph (6) of this subsection, the reference to the relevant —cont. contribution conditions includes a reference to those conditions as

modified by regulations in their application to cases falling within subsection (6) of section fifteen of this Act

11. In subsection (2) of section fifty-nine of the principal Act, paragraph (b) shall be omitted.

12. Paragraph 4 of Part I of the Second Schedule to the principal Act shall be amended by substituting for the entry 44 36 0 " in the second column thereof the entry " 32 6 " and by inserting in the third, fourth and fifth columns thereof the entries " 10 6 ", "2 6" and 44 21 6 " respectively.

13. At the end of Part I of the Second Schedule to the principal Act there shall be inserted the following note: —

44 Note.—The increases of maternity allowance specified in the third, fourth and fifth columns above apply only in so far as provided for by regulations under section eight of the National Insurance Act, 1953".

14. The following paragraph shall be substituted for paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule to the principal Act:—

44 3. The contribution conditions for a maternity allowance are that—

(a) not less than fifty contributions of the appropriate class or their equivalent have been paid by or credited to the claimant in respect of the fifty-two weeks immediately preceding the thirteenth week before the expected week of confinement (as defined for the purposes of section fifteen of this Act); and (b) of those contributions not less than twenty-six are contributions of the appropriate class actually paid".

15. In the National Insurance (Married Women) Regulations, 1948, Regulation nine shall cease to have effect.

SECOND SCHEDULE Transitional Provisions Part I

Maternity Grant, Attendance Allowance and Home Confinement Grant

1. Nothing in sections one to three of this Act shall affect entitlement to, or the amount or rate of, a maternity grant or attendance allowance in respect of a confinement occurring before the appointed day.

2. Where immediately before the appointed day a woman is entitled to a maternity grant by virtue of regulations made under subsection (6) of section fourteen of the principal Act, nothing in section one or section three of this Act shall affect her entitlement to, or the amount of, that grant, or confer upon her a right to any further grant in respect of the confinement in expectation of which she became entitled to that grant

1953

National Insurance Act, 1953

Ch. 29

267

3. Regulations may provide for increasing to nine pounds the amount of a maternity grant to which a woman has become entitled before the appointed day (whether payment has already been made or not) if the confinement in question has not occurred before the appointed day and her pregnancy has not been otherwise terminated before that day.

4. —(1) In paragraph (a) of subsection (3) of section one of this Act, and in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of the section substituted for section fourteen of the principal Act by paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to this Act, the reference to .the contribution conditions for a maternity allowance shall be construed as a reference to those conditions as set out in paragraph 14 of the First Schedule to this Act.

(2) The preceding sub-paragraph shall have effect for the purposes of a woman's claim for a maternity grant notwithstanding that, by virtue of Part II of this Schedule, the contribution conditions which she is required to satisfy for the purposes of her claim for a maternity allowance are those contained in paragraph 3 of the Third Schedule to the principal Act.

5. Sections four and five of this Act shall not have effect in relation to a confinement occurring before the appointed day.

Part II Maternity Allowance

6.—(1) In this Part of this Schedule—

" the old provisions " means the provisions of the principal Act as to maternity allowances and includes any regulations made under those provisions or having effect for the purposes thereof:

" the new provisions " means the said provisions of the principal Act as amended by the First Schedule to this Act and includes any regulations made under those provisions as so amended or made by virtue of section seven or eight of this Act and any regulations having effect for the purposes of those provisions as so amended or for the purposes of any regulations made by virtue of the said section seven or eight:

" the transitional period " means the period of sixty-five weeks beginning with the appointed day.

(2) References in this Part of this Schedule to the application of any provisions to a woman in respect of a confinement are references to the application of those provisions to her in relation either to die expectation of that confinement or to the actual occurrence thereof.

(3) Where in accordance with the following provisions of this Part of this Schedule the old provisions are to apply to a woman in respect of a confinement, those provisions shall so apply as if sections six to nine of this Act had not been enacted.

I. 2

2nd Sch.

—cont.

268

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. 7.—(1) The new provisions shall not apply to a woman in respect

—amt. of a confinement-

(a) if her claim for a maternity allowance is made in expectation

of the confinement and the expected week of confinement (as defined for the purposes of section fifteen of the principal Act) is a week ending before die appointed day; or

(b) if her claim for a maternity allowance is made by virtue of a certificate that she has been confined and the date of the confinement was before the appointed day.

(2) In any case falling within the preceding sub-paragraph the old provisions shall apply to the woman in respect of the confinement in question.

8. —(1) Regulations may provide that in any case where—

(a) a woman claims a maternity allowance in expectation of

her confinement and the week in which it is to be expected that she will be confined falls within the transitional period, or

(b) a woman claims a maternity allowance by virtue of the fact that she has been confined and the confinement occurred within that period,

then, if she elects in the prescribed manner to have her claim dealt with in accordance with the old provisions, those provisions shall apply to her in respect of that confinement and the new provisions shall not apply to her in respect thereof.

(2) For the purpose of securing that, in cases falling within the preceding sub-paragraph, the old provisions shall apply for the purposes of a claim where they would operate more favourably for the claimant than the new provisions, regulations under this paragraph may provide that, in such circumstances as may be specified in the regulations, a woman shall be deemed to have made such an election as is mentioned in that sub-paragraph unless she signifies in the prescribed manner her intention not to do so.

9. —(1) Regulations under the last preceding paragraph may provide for adjusting the weekly rate of a maternity allowance payable to a woman in accordance with the old provisions, where those provisions apply by virtue of the regulations, if any benefit under the principal Act is payable to her in respect of any of the five weeks immediately preceding the sixth week before the relevant week.

(2) In the preceding sub-paragraph the expression "the relevant week"—

(a) in a case where the allowance is payable by virtue of a certificate that it is to be expected that the woman will be confined in a week specified in the certificate, means the week so specified; and

(b) in any other case, means the week comprising the date of the confinement.

1953

National Insurance , 1953

Ch. 29

269

(3) Subject to the following sub-paragraph, the regulations shall not provide for adjusting the weekly rate of a maternity allowance so as to bring that rate lower than thirty-two shillings and sixpence.

(4) The adjustment of the rate of an allowance by virtue of regulations under the last preceding paragraph shall not prevent the further adjustment thereof by virtue of regulations under section thirty of the principal Act (which makes general provision as respects overlapping benefits).

10. —(1) Where in accordance with regulations under paragraph 8 of this Schedule the old provisions apply to a woman in respect of a confinement, subsection (2) of section fifteen of the principal Act shall apply as if paragraph (b) of the proviso thereto (which provides for continuing the payment of a maternity allowance if the confinement occurs later than the expected week of confinement) were omitted.

(2) Regulations may provide for continuing the payment of a maternity allowance m cases where, but for the preceding sub-paragraph, the payment thereof would have been continued by virtue of the said paragraph (b):

Provided that—

(a) the payment of a maternity allowance shall not be continued

by virtue of the regulations later than the end of the sixth week after the week in which the confinement occurs; and

(b) as respects any period for which the payment of a maternity allowance is so continued, the weekly rate thereof shall be such rate, not exceeding thirty-two shillings and sixpence, as may be prescribed.

11. —(1) The following sub-paragraph shall have effect in any case where—

(a) a woman claims a maternity allowance in expectation of

her confinement and the week in which it is to be expected that she will be confined is a week beginning on or after the appointed day, or a woman claims such an allowance by virtue of the fact that she has been confined and the confinement occurred on or after that day; and

(b) the application to her of the new provisions in respect of the confinement in question is not excluded by virtue of regulations under paragraph 8 of this Schedule; and

(c) the period for which the allowance would be payable in

accordance with the new provisions, if sections six to nine of this Act came into operation immediately on the passing of this Act, is a period beginning before the appointed day.

(2) In any such case as aforesaid the old provisions shall apply to her in respect of the confinement in question for the purpose of determining whether she is entitled to the allowance for any week or part of a week beginning before the appointed day, and, if so, at what rate the allowance is to be payable for that week or part of a week, and the new provisions shall so apply for the purpose

2nd Sch.

—cont.

270

Ch. 29

National Insurance Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch.

—con/.

of determining whether she is entitled to the allowance for any week beginning on or after the appointed day, and, if so, at what rate and for what period after that day the allowance is to be payable.

12. Subject to the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule, in any case where—

(a) a woman claims a maternity allowance in expectation of her confinement and the week in which it is to be expected that she will be confined is a week beginning on or after the appointed day, or (b) a woman claims a maternity allowance by virtue of the fact that she has been confined and the confinement occurred on or after the appointed day,

the old provisions shall not apply to her in respect of the confinement in question, and the new provisions shall apply to her in respect thereof as if sections six to nine of this Act came into operation immediately on the passing of this Act.

13. —(1) So much of subsection (4) of section six of this Act as provides that a woman shall not be credited with contributions as mentioned in that subsection shall not have effect as respects any week before the end of the transitional period; and paragraph 11 of the First Schedule to this Act shall be construed as not affecting the operation of any regulations as respects that period.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph 15 of the First Schedule to this Act, Regulation nine of the National Insurance (Married Women) Regulations. 1948, shall continue to have effect until the end of the transitional period; but any contributions credited to a woman by virtue of that regulation during that period shall be treated as credited only for the purposes of the old provisions in so far as those provisions are or may become applicable to her by virtue of the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

14. For the purposes of the application of the old provisions in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule regulations may provide that any regulations made under section fifteen of the principal Act or having effect for the purposes of that section shall apply subject to such modifications as may be specified in the regulations under this paragraph.

Part III

Supplementary Provisions

15. Section seventy-seven of the principal Act (which relates to the consideration of regulations by the Advisory Committee) shall not apply to any regulations made under this Schedule.

16. —(1) In this Schedule the expression "the principal Act" means the National Insurance Act, 1946, as amended or extended by or under any other enactment, excluding this Act, and the expression " week " means a contribution week.

1953

National Insurance Act, 1953

Ch. 29, 30

271

(2) For the purposes of this Schedule a confinement shall be deemed to occur or have occurred on the date which is or was the date of the confinement.

(3) In this Schedule the expression "before the appointed day" (unless preceded by the won! "immediately") means at a time either before the passing of this Act or between the passing of this Act and the appointed day.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

National Insurance Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67.

National Health Service Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81.

National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... 10 All Geo. 6. c. 27.

National Assistance Act, 1948 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 29.

CHAPTER 30

An Act to provide for the federation of Southern Rhodesia, Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland; and for purposes connected therewith.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same as follows:—

1.—(1) Her Majesty may by an Order in Council—

(a) provide for the federation of Southern Rhodesia, Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland (in this section referred to as " the Territories ") and for that purpose—

(i) provide for the establishment of a Federal Government, a Federal Legislature, an African Affairs Board, a Federal Supreme Court and such other Federal authorities as may appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient;

(ii) confer or provide for conferring on the said Government, Legislature, Board, Court and authorities, and on any other Governments, Legislatures,

2nd Sch.

—cont.

Power by Order in Council to establish federation, etc.

272 Ch. 30 Rhodesia and Nyasaland 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Federation , 1953

Courts and authorities, and in particular on the Governments, Legislatures, Courts and authorities of the Territories, such powers and duties as may be specified by or under die Order; and

(iii) provide for the restriction after the establishment of a Federal Supreme Court of the cases in which Her Majesty may grant special leave of appeal from the High Court of a Territory to Her Majesty in Council;

(b) amend the Letters Patent or Orders in Council relating to the government of the respective Territories, and so much of any Act of the Legislature of Southern Rhodesia as amends any such Letters Patent, in such manner as may appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient having regard to the federation;

(c) make, or provide for the making of, such incidental,

consequential and transitional provision as may appear to Her Majesty to be necessary or expedient as aforesaid, including, in particular, adaptations and modifications of any enactments. Orders in Council, orders, regulations and other instruments relating or referring to any of the Territories.

(2) An Order in Council under subsection (1) of this section may authorise the amendment or revocation of any of its provisions in any manner specified by the Order in relation to those provisions respectively and may apply all or any of the

9 A 10 Geo. 6. provisions of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, to any c. 36. instrument made in pursuance of that authority, but save as may

be so authorised that Order in Council shall not be capable of being revoked or amended except by Act of Parliament

(3) Any increase attributable to an Order in Council under subsection (1) of this section or to any instrument made under that Order in sums payable under any other enactment out of moneys provided by Parliament or out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof shall be paid out of moneys so provided or out of that Fund or the growing produce thereof, as the case may be.

(4) No Order proposed to be made under subsection (1) of this section shall be submitted to Her Majesty in Council unless a draft in the terms thereof has been laid before each House of Parliament and each House has presented an Address to Her Majesty praying that the Order be made.

[Short title.] 2. This Act may be cited as the Rhodesia and Nyasaland Federation Act, 1953.

1953

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1953

Ch. 31

273

CHAPTER 31

An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the discipline and regulation of the Army and the Air Force.

[14th July 1953.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of land forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of Her Majesty’s Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of five hundred and fifty-four thousand:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary that a body of air forces should be continued for the purposes aforesaid, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of three hundred and two thousand:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of this realm that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in Her Majesty’s fleet and naval service under the direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or be sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels, or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of Her Majesty’s forces by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other persons subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny, or stir up sedition, or desert Her Majesty’s service, or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military or air force discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

274 Ch. 31, 32 Army and Air Force (Annual) 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

1953

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act will expire with the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-three:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

[Short title.] 1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1953.

Army Act and 2.—(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall be and Air^7?r<* Act remain in force from the first day of August, nineteen hundred for specified* aiM* fifty"three to the thirty-first day of July, nineteen hundred time. and fifty-four, both inclusive, and no longer unless otherwise

provided by Parliament.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in force, shall apply to persons subject, as the case may be, to military law or to the Air Force Act wherever they may be.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or the Air Force Act by reason only that the numbers of the forces for the time being in the service of Her Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

CHAPTER 32

An Act to make further provision as to the substances other than penicillin to which the Penicillin Act, 1947, may be applied by regulations and to provide for relaxing in certain cases the restrictions imposed by that Act.

[14th July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s niost Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Substances 1.—(1) For section two of the Penicillin* c Act, 1947 (which

to limits the application of that Act to penicillin and other anti-

lWarolte "torohkd organic substances produced by living organisms and 10 & 11 Geo 6 substances having chemical properties identical with or similar

c. 29.

1953

Therapeutic Substances

(Prevention of Misuse) , 1953

Ch. 32

275

to anti-microbial organic substances so produced), the following section shall be substituted:—

"2.—(l) The substances to which this Act applies are penicillin and such other therapeutic substances as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State and the Minister of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland, jointly, after consultation with the Medical Research Council, being substances appearing to those Ministers to be capable of causing danger to the health of the community if used without proper safeguards.

(2) The power of making regulations under this section shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament

(2) The Streptomycin Regulations, 1948, and the Aureomycin and Chloramphenicol Regulations, 1951 (which were made under the said section two), shall continue in force and shall have effect as if they had been made under the section substituted by this section for the said section two.

2. —(1) Subsection (1) of section one of the Penicillin Act, 1947 Power to relax (which prohibits the sale or supply of any substance to which

that Act applies, and of any preparation of which such a substance p^SSin y is an ingredient or part, except by the persons and in the circum- Act, 1947. stances specified in that subsection), shall not apply to the sale or supply of a substance or preparation specified in regulations under this section if it is sold or supplied in such circumstances and in accordance with such conditions as may be so specified.

(2) The power of making regulations under this section shall be exercisable by the Minister of Health, the Secretary of State and the Minister of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland, jointly, after consultation with the Medical Research Council and, in the case of regulations appearing to those Ministers to concern agricultural matters, with the Agricultural Research Council.

(3) The said power shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any such instrument shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

3. For the purposes of section six of the Government of Provision as Ireland Act, 1920, this Act and the Penicillin Acts, 1947 and to Northern 1951, shall be deemed to be Acts passed before the day appointed

for the purposes of that section, but nothing in this section shall10 *11 Geo*3 * 5*

C. 67.

276

Ch. 32, 33

Therapeutic Substances

(Prevention of Misuse) , 1953

1 & 2 B2

Short title and citation.

be construed as extending the legislative powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland under section four of the Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

4. This Act may be cited as the Therapeutic Substances (Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1953, and this Act and the Penicillin Acts, 1947 and 1951, may be cited together as the Therapeutic Substances (Prevention of Misuse) Acts, 1947 to 1953.

CHAPTER 33

Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Extension of definition of "displaced pupils " for purposes of s. 104

of principal Act.

2. Power of Minister, in certain circumstances, to require local education

authority to defray expenses of establishing a controlled school.

3. Extension of power of Minister to require local education authority

to pay for enlargement of a controlled school.

4. Duties of local education authorities in England and Wales as to dental

treatment.

5. Duties of education authorities in Scotland as to dental treatment.

6. Provision of education at non-maintained schools and payment of

tuition and boarding fees for pupils attending thereat.

7. Recoupment to local education authority of cost of providing further

education for persons not belonging to their area.

8. Amendments of ss. 103 to 103 of principal Act as to matters in respect

of which Minister may make grants and loans.

9. Amendment of s. 85 of principal Act.

10. Amendment of procedure for making school attendance orders.

11. Amendment of principal Act with respect to enforcement of school

attendance.

12. Provisions with respect to transport of certain pupils.

13. Removal of disqualification of persons employed in schools, Ac., for

appointment to children’s committees.

14. Power of Minister to modify certain trusts.

15. Relaxation of obligation to send to Minister assurances of property

for educational purposes.

16. Reduction of period for objection to proposals for establishment,

maintenance or discontinuance of schools.

1953

Education

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 33

277

Section

17. Miscellaneous amendments and repeals.

18. Provisions as to regulations.

19. Expenses.

20. Short title, citation, construction and extent.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Minor and Consequential Amendments. Second Schedule—Enactments Repealed.

An Act to amend the law relating to education in England and Wales; and to make further provision with respect to the duties of education authorities in Scotland as

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For the purposes of section one hundred and four of the Extension of Education Act, 1944, in this Act referred to as " the principal definition of Act " (which empowers the Minister, where he directs that a " displaced school proposed to be established shall be an aided school or a special agreement school and is satisfied that the establishment of^KM of of the school is due to the need to provide education for a sub- principal Act. stantial number of displaced pupils, to pay to the managers or governors of the school a grant not exceeding one half of so much of the amount expended in constructing the school as is in his opinion attributable to the provision of education for such pupils), the expression " displaced pupils " shall, in relation to a proposed school, include pupils who, in consequence of action taken or proposed to be taken under the enactments relating to housing or to town and country planning, have ceased to reside in the area served by some other aided school or special agreement school, being—

(a) pupils for whom education was being provided in that other school immediately before they ceased to reside in the area served by it; or

(b) pupils, other than as aforesaid, for whom education would, in the opinion of the Minister, have been provided in that other school had they continued to reside in the area served by it.

to dental treatment.

[14th July 1953.]

278

Ch. 33

Education 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Power of Minister, in certain circumstances, to require local education authority to defray expenses of establishing a controlled school.

Extension of power of Minister to require local education authority to pay for enlargement of a

controlled

school.

2. Where—

(a) any persons submit, under subsection (2) of section thirteen of the principal Act, to the Minister proposals for the establishment by them, or by persons whom they represent, of a new school (otherwise than by way of the enlargement of an existing school) and for its maintenance by the local education authority as a voluntary school; and

(b) the persons who submit the proposals and the local education authority show to the satisfaction of the Minister that the establishment of the school is required for the purpose of providing accommodation for pupils for whom accommodation would have been provided in some other voluntary school if that other school had not been discontinued or had not otherwise ceased to be available for the purpose; and

(c) no application is made under subsection (2) of section

fifteen of the principal Act to the Minister for an order directing that the school shall be an aided school or a special agreement school;

the Minister may by order direct that the whole, or a specified part, of so much of the cost incurred in the establishment of the school as would, apart from the order, fall to be defrayed by the persons who establish it shall be defrayed by the local education authority.

3. Subsection (1) of section one of the Education Act, 1946 (which empowers the Minister, if satisfied that it is expedient that a controlled school should be enlarged and that the enlargement is wholly or mainly required for the purpose of providing accommodation for pupils for whom accommodation would have been provided in some other voluntary school if that other school had not been discontinued or had not otherwise ceased to be available for the purpose, to direct that the expense of giving effect to proposals for carrying out the enlargement shall be payable by the local education authority) shall have effect as if, at the beginning of paragraph ( thereof, there were inserted the words 44 either (i) ", and as if, at the end of that paragraph, there were added the words—

(ii) that the enlargement is desirable for the better provision of secondary education at the premises to be enlarged or for securing that there is available for the area of the authority a sufficiency of suitable secondary schools or for both those reasons, and is not likely to amount to the establishment of a school of a new character ".

1953

Education

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 33

279

4. —(1) It shall be the duty of every local education autho- Duties of local rity to make such arrangements as are necessary for securing education that there are available for pupils for whom primary, secon-auUioritiesiii dary or further education is provided by them at a school or

county college maintained by them comprehensive facilities for dental free dental treatment provided either— treatment.

(a) by persons employed or engaged by, and at the expense of, the authority, either regularly (whether whole-time or part-time) or for the purposes of particular cases; or

(b) under arrangements made by a Regional Hospital Board or the Board of Governors of a teaching hospital within the meaning of the National Health Service Act, 1946;

or partly in the one way and partly in the other; and every local education authority shall have power to make arrangements for rendering available, to senior pupils for whom secondary or further education is provided by the authority at any other educational establishment maintained by them, any facilities which they have caused to be made available in the discharge of the duty imposed on them by the foregoing provisions of this subsection.

(2) Subsections (4) and (5) of section forty-eight of the principal Act (which provide for encouraging pupils to take advantage of facilities for medical treatment provided under that section and for requiring the managers or governors of a voluntary school to provide facilities for the purpose of enabling the local education authority to carry out their functions under that section), shall have effect as if references to the facilities mentioned in subsection (3) of that section, medical treatment provided under that section and functions of the local education authority under that section included respectively references to facilities rendered available in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, dental treatment provided under that subsection and functions of a local education authority under that subsection.

5. —(i) it shall be the duty of every education authority to Duties of make such arrangements as are necessary for securing that there

are available for pupils in attendance at any public school and ^gartiaSl young persons in attendance at any junior college or other educa- M to dental tional establishment under their management comprehensive treatment, facilities for free dental treatment provided either—

(a) by persons employed or engaged by, and at the expense of, the authority, either regularly (whether whole-time or part-time) or for the purposes of particular cases; or

(b) under arrangements made by a Regional Hospital Board within the meaning of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947;

280 Cfl. 33 Education 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

or partly in the one way and partly in the other; and every education authority shall have power to make arrangements for rendering available to other pupils in attendance at any educational establishment under their management any facilities which they have caused to be made available in the discharge of the duty imposed on them by the foregoing provisions of this subsection.

(2) Subsections (4) to (7) of section fifty-one of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 (which provide for encouraging pupils to take advantage of facilities for medical treatment provided under that section, for the medical supervision and treatment of pupils being educated under special arrangements or at schools and other educational establishments not under the management of an education authority, and for the furnishing of information to the Secretary of State) shall have effect as if the references to the facilities mentioned in subsection (3) of that section, to medical treatment provided under that section and to functions of the education authority under that section included respectively references to the facilities rendered available in pursuance of subsection (1) of this section, to dental treatment provided under that subsection and to functions of an education authority under that subsection.

(3) In subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty-three of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, in the definition of "medical treatment " the words " or by any person registered under the Dentists Act, 1878 " are hereby repealed.

(4) This section shall be construed as one with the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1939 to 1949, and may be cited together with those Acts as the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1939 to 1953.

(5) This section shall extend to Scotland only.

Provision of education at non-maintained schools and payment of tuition and boarding fees for pupils attending thereat.

6.—(i) For the purpose of fulfilling their duties under the principal Act, a local education authority shall have, and be deemed always to have had, power to make, with the approval of the Minister, arrangements for the provision of primary and secondary education for pupils at a school not maintained by them or another local education authority.

(2) Where, in pursuance of arrangements made by a local education authority «by virtue of the foregoing subsection or section thirty-three of the principal Act, primary or secondary education is provided for a pupil at a school not maintained by them or another local education authority, the authority by whom the arrangements are made—

(a) shall, in the following cases, that is to say—

(i) where the pupil fills a place in the school which the proprietors of the school have put at the disposal

1953

Education

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 33

281

of the authority and the school is one in respect of which grants are made by the Minister under paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section one hundred of the principal Act,

(ii) where the authority are satisfied that, by reason of a shortage of places in schools maintained by them and schools maintained by other local education authorities, being schools to which the pupil could be sent with reasonable convenience, education suitable to the age, ability and aptitude of the pupil cannot be provided by them for him except at a school not maintained by them or another local education authority,

(iii) where, in a case not falling within either of the two foregoing subparagraphs, the authority are satisfied that the pupil requires special educational treatment and that it is expedient in his interests that such treatment should be provided for him at a special school not maintained by them or another local education authority,

pay the whole of the fees payable in respect of the education provided in pursuance of the arrangements;

(b) shall, where board and lodging are provided for the pupil at the school and the authority are satisfied that education suitable to his age, ability and aptitude cannot be provided by them for him at any school unless board and lodging are also provided for him (either at school or elsewhere), pay the whole of the fees payable in respect of the board and lodging.

(3) The powers conferred on a local education authority by subsection (1) of this section shall be in addition to and not in derogation of the powers conferred on them by the principal Act.

7.—(1) Where any provision for further education is made by a local education authority in respect of a pupil who belongs to the area of another such authority, and that other authority have consented to the making of the provision, the providing authority shall, upon making a claim in that behalf within the prescribed period, be entitled to recoupment from the other authority of the prescribed fraction, or (if it is so prescribed) the whole, of the amount of the cost to the providing authority of the provision, the amount being determined by agreement between the authorities or, in default of agreement, by the Minister.

(2) Where any provision for further education is made by a local education authority in respect of a pupil who does not belong to the area of any such authority, the providing authority

Recoupment to local education authority of cost of providing further education for persons not belonging to their area.

282

Ch. 33

Education 1 & 2 ELiz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

shall, upon making a claim in that behalf within the prescribed period, be entitled to recoupment of the prescribed fraction, or (if it is so prescribed) the whole, of the amount aforesaid, in accordance with regulations to be made by the Minister for securing that the cost of such provision in such cases is apportioned amongst all local education authorities, the amount in that case being determined in accordance with the regulations.

(3) A local education authority may make a payment by way of recoupment to another such authority of the cost incurred by the other authority in making any provision for further education in respect of a pupil belonging to the area of the paying authority notwithstanding that the paying authority are not under a legal obligation to make the payment.

(4) Subsection (2) of section six of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948 (which lays down a rule for determining, for the purposes of the enactments relating to education, whether a pupil shall be treated as belonging to the area of a particular local education authority or as not belonging to the area of any such authority) and subsection (3) of that section (which contains exceptions from the rule) shall not apply for the purposes of this section; but for the purposes of this section a pupil shall be treated as belonging to the area of a particular local education authority or as not belonging to the area of any such authority in accordance with the following rule, namely:—

(a) if the pupil is ordinarily resident within the area of a

local education authority, he shall be treated as belonging to the area of that authority; and

(b) if the pupil is not so resident, he shall be treated as not

belonging to the area of any local education authority;

but that rule shall be subject to the exception that, in such cases as may be prescribed, a pupil shall be treated for the purposes of this section in accordance with the regulations either as belonging to the area of a prescribed local education authority or as not belonging to the area of any such authority.

(5) Any question whether a pupil ought to be treated as belonging to the area of any particular local education authority, or as not belonging to the area of any such authority, shall, in case of dispute, be determined by the Minister.

(6) References in this section to provision for education include references to the provision of any benefits or services for which provision is made by or under the enactments relating to education.

(7) This section shall have effect as respects provision for further education only in so far as the cost of the provision is attributable to any period after the passing of this Act and, so far as relating to voluntary payments, shall so have effect in

1953

Education

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 33

283

substitution for subsection (5) of section six of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948, so far as that subsection relates to further education.

8.—(1) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and three of the principal Act (which empowers the Minister to pay to the managers or governors of a voluntary school proposed to be transferred to a new site or established in substitution for any discontinued school or schools and to be maintained as an aided school or a special agreement school a grant not exceeding one-half of any sums expended by them in the construction of the school) shall—

Amendments of ss. 103 to 105 of

principal Act as to matters in respect of which

Minister may make grants and loans.

(a) in relation to a school of which the transfer has been authorised by the Minister, have effect as if, for the reference therein to the construction of the school, there were substituted a reference to the provision (whether before or after the passing of this Act) of the school buildings; and

(b) in relation to a school of which the establishment has been directed by the Minister to be in substitution for a school or schools to be discontinued, have effect as if, for the reference therein to the construction of the school, there were substituted a reference to the provision (whether before or after the passing of this Act) of a site for the school and of the school buildings.

(2) Subsection (1) of section one hundred and four of the principal Act shall have effect as if, for the reference therein to the construction of the school, there were substituted a reference to the provision (whether before or after the passing of this Act) of a site for the school and of the school buildings.

(3) Section one hundred and five of the principal Act (which empowers the Minister to make to the managers or governors of an aided school or a special agreement school a loan for the purpose of helping them to meet capital expenditure involved in defraying their share of the initial expenses relating to the school specified in subsection (2) of that section) shall have effect—

(a) as if the reference in paragraph (a) of that subsection to expenses to be incurred in defraying the cost of any alterations required by the development plan approved by the Minister for the area included a reference to expenses incurred before the passing of this Act or to be incurred thereafter in defraying the cost of any alterations specified in that plan as submitted to the Minister, being alterations to the carrying out of which the Minister has given approval before the approval by him of the plan; and

284

Ch. 33

Education 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Amendment of s. 85 of principal Act

Amendment of procedure for making school attendance orders.

(b) as if, for the reference in paragraph (c) of that subsection to expenses to be incurred in the construction of any school which, by virtue of an order made under section sixteen of the principal Act, is deemed not to be a newly established school or is deemed to be in substitution for any discontinued school or schools, there were substituted a reference to expenses incurred before the passing of this Act or to be incurred thereafter—

(i) in the case of a school which, by virtue of an order under subsection (1) of the said section sixteen, is deemed not to be a newly established school, in providing the school buildings;

(ii) in the case of a school which, by virtue of subsection (2) of that section, is deemed to be in substitution for any discontinued school or schools, in providing a site for the school and in providing the school buildings.

9. —(1) For subsection (3) of section eighty-five of the principal Act (which section provides, amongst other things, that, after die commencement of Part II of that Act, a local education authority shall not be constituted trustees of any school for providing primary or secondary education, other than a nursery school or a special school, except after the submission to the Minister of proposals for that purpose), there shall be substituted the following subsection: —

" (3) Any school for providing primary or secondary education which, in pursuance of proposals in that behalf submitted under this section to the Minister, is vested in a local education authority as trustees thereof, shall be a county school

(2) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the commencement of Part II of the principal Act.

10. Subsection (2) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act shall, in relation to the service of a school attendance order upon a parent in consequence of his failure to satisfy a local education authority, in accordance with the requirements of a notice served on him under subsection (1) of that section after the passing of this Act, that a child is receiving efficient full-time education suitable to his age, ability and aptitude, have effect with the substitution, for the proviso thereto, of the following proviso: —

"Provided that—

(a) no such order shall be served by the authority upon the parent until the expiration of the period of fourteen

1953

Education

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 33

285

days beginning with the day next following that on which they have served upon him a written notice of their intention to serve the order stating that if, before the expiration of that period, he selects a school at which he desires the child to become a registered pupil, that school will, unless the Minister otherwise directs, be named in the order; and

(b) if, before the expiration of that period, the parent selects such a school as aforesaid, that school shall, unless the Minister otherwise directs, be so named ".

11. —(1) For subsection (4) of section forty of the principal Act (which section provides for the enforcement of school attendance) there shall be substituted the following subsection:—

" (4) Without prejudice to the institution of proceedings for an offence against the last foregoing section or the exercise of the power conferred by subsection (3) of this section on a court to give a direction for the bringing of a child before a juvenile court, where a child of compulsory school age who is a registered pupil at a school fails to attend regularly thereat, the competent local education authority may of their own motion, if satisfied that it is necessary so to do for the purpose of securing the regular attendance of the child at school, bring the child before a juvenile court, and, where a child is brought before a juvenile court by virtue of this subsection, that court shall have the like power as is conferred on such a court by the said subsection (3).

For the purposes of this subsection—

(a) where the child in question belongs to the area of a

local education authority, that authority and the local education authority for the area in which the school is shall each be a competent local education authority;

(b) where the child in question does not belong to the

area of any local education authority, the competent local education authority shall be the local education authority for the area in which the school is ".

(2) In subsection (5) of the said section forty, after the words 44 juvenile court ", in the first place where they occur, there shall be inserted the words 44 and a child brought before such a court by virtue of subsection (4) of this section". 12

12. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, a local education authority shall have power, for the purpose of facilitating the attendance at any school or county college or at any course or class provided in pursuance of a scheme of further education in force for their area of pupils for whose transport free of charge

Amendment of principal Act with respect to enforcement of school attendance.

Provisions with respect to transport of certain pupils.

286 Ch. 33 Education 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

no arrangements are made by the authority under subsection (1) of section fifty-five of the principal Act, to permit such pupils, in consideration of the payment to the authority of fares of such amounts as appear to diem to be reasonable, to be carried in a motor vehicle used for providing transport in pursuance of arrangements made under that subsection:

Provided that—

(a) the powers conferred by this subsection on a local educa-

tion authority shall not be exercisable by them in respect of any part of the route on which a vehicle runs in pursuance of any such arrangements, being a part outside the special area, except with the written consent of the licensing authority for public service vehicles in whose area that part of the route is situate, and shall not be exercisable by them in respect of any part of such a route, being a part within the special area, except with the written consent both of the licensing authority for public service vehicles for that area and of the British Transport Commission; and

(b) the licensing authority for public service vehicles for any

area shall not give their consent to an exercise by a local education authority of the powers conferred on them by this section unless they are satisfied that there are no other transport facilities which meet the reasonable needs of the pupils proposed to be carried in exercise of those powers.

(2) A motor vehicle used for providing transport in pursuance of arrangements made under the said subsection (1) shall not, for the purposes of Part IV of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, be deemed, in the case of a vehicle belonging to a local education authority, to be a public service vehicle, or, in any other case, to be a stage carriage or express carriage, by reason only of the carriage therein of a person who is charged a fare by virtue of the foregoing subsection.

(3) In this section the expression " special area " has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (1) of section one hundred and seven of the London Passenger Transport Act, 1933.

Removal of 13.—(1) Section ninety-four of the Local Government Act,

disqualification 1933, shall have effect as if, in the proviso thereto (which pro-

emp?oyedSin v^es that a person shall not, by reason of his being a teacher

schools,&c.,for hi, or being otherwise employed in, an educational institution

appointment maintained or assisted by a local education authority, be

to children’s disqualified for being a member of a committee or sub-committee committees.

1953

Education

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 33

287

of a local authority outside London appointed for the purposes mentioned in that proviso), the word "or " were omitted at the end of (paragraph (b) and the following words were inserted at the end of paragraph (c), namely: —

"or

() appointed for the purposes of their functions under the enactments mentioned in subsection (1) of section thirty-nine of the Children Act, 1948

(2) Section sixty-four of the London Government Act, 1939, shall have effect as if, in the proviso thereto (which makes, in relation to membership of certain committees and subcommittees of the London County Council, provision corresponding to that made by the proviso to the said section ninety-four in relation to membership of committees and subcommittees of other local authorities), after the words " of the education committee," there were inserted the words "of the children’s committee ".

14. Where any premises used for the purposes of a volun- power of tary school are held by trustees upon trusts which permit the Minister to use of the premises to be diverted to other purposes, the modify certain Minister may, upon application in that behalf made by the trustees, by order direct that, so long as the school is maintained by a local education authority, the instrument constituting the trusts shall have effect subject to such modifications as may be prescribed by the order for securing that the use of the premises shall not be so diverted.

15.—(1) Subsection (2) of section eighty-seven of the principal Relaxation of Act (which provides that an assurance of land or of personal obligation estate to be laid out in the purchase of land shall, if the land s*nd to or the income thereof is to be used for educational purposes, be durances of void unless the assurance or a copy thereof is sent to the Minister property for within six months after the date on which the assurance takes educational effect) shall not apply to an assurance of land or personal estate purposes, to a local education authority, a university, a university college or a college of a university, being an assurance taking effect after the passing of this Act; and accordingly, in that subsection, the words "including every assurance of land to any local education authority " shall cease to have effect as respects any such assurance taking effect as aforesaid.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection the expression " college of a university " has the same meaning as it has for the purposes of subsection (5) of section two of the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948.

288

Ch. 33

Education 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Reduction of period for objection to proposals for establishment, maintenance or discontinuance of schools.

Miscellaneous amendments and repeals.

Provisions as to regulations.

Expenses.

Short title, citation, construction and extent.

(3) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall be construed as requiring any assurance or copy of an assurance to be sent to the offices of the Charity Commissioners in accordance with subsection (4) of section twenty-nine of the Settled Land Act, 1925.

16. Subsection (3) of section thirteen of the principal Act (which empowers certain persons to submit to the Minister, within three months after the first publication of notice of proposals submitted to him under that section for the establishment, maintenance or discontinuance of a school, objections to the proposals) shall, in relation to proposals whereof notice is first published after the passing of this Act, have effect with the substitution, for the reference to three months, of a reference to two months.

17. —(1) The provisions of the principal Act and the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948, specified in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments specified in the second column of that Schedule (being amendments relating to minor matters and amendments consequential on the provisions of this Act).

(2) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns of the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

18. Any power conferred by this Act on the Minister to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

19. Any increase attributable to the (provisions of this Act in the sums which under any enactment are defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, shall be defrayed out of moneys so provided.

20. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

(2) This Act, except section five thereof, and the Education Acts, 1944 to 1948, may be cited together as the Education Acts, 1944 to 1953.

(3) This Act, except as aforesaid, shall be construed as one with the Education Acts, 1944 to 1948.

(4) References in this Act to any other enactment shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(5) This Act, except sections five and nineteen thereof, shall not extend to Scotland.

(6) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1953

Education

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 33

289

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Minor and Consequential Amendments

Section 17.

Enactment amended and subject matter thereof

Section thirteen, subsection (6).

(Duty to submit to Minister plans and specifications of proposed new school)

Section thirty-three, subsection (2).

(Making of arrangements by local education authority for the special educational treatment of pupils)

Section seventy-eight

(Provision of ancillary services for pupils not in attendance at maintained schools)

Section seventy-nine

(Supplementary provisions as to medical inspection and treatment)

Amendment

The Principal Act

For the words " shall submit to him " there shall be substituted the words " shall, unless they do not intend to give effect to the proposals, submit to him *.

For the words " in any school maintained or assisted by a local education authority '* there shall be substituted the words " in any school maintained by a local education authority or in any school not so maintained, other than one notified by the Minister to the local education authority to be, in his opinion, unsuitable for the purpose

In subsection (1), for the words "medical treatment* there shall be substituted the words " medical or dental treatment ’*, and in subsection (2) for the words "medical treatment* there shall be substituted the words " medical and dental treatment *.

For the words " medical treatment * there shall be substituted the words " medical and dental treatment *.

Section one hundred

(Grants in aid of educational services)

In subsection (1), in paragraph (a), and in subsection (2), for the words "the medical inspection and treatment*’ there shall be substituted the words " the medical inspection and the medical and dental treatment *.

Section one hundred and fourteen, subsection (1).

(Interpretation)

In the definition of "medical inspection *, for the words " or by a person registered under the Dentists Act, 1878 * there shall be substituted the words " or by a person registered in the dentists register under the Dentists Acts, 1878 to 1923 *.

K

290

Ch. 33

Education 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

1st Sch. —cont.

Section 17.

Enactment amended

and subject Amendment

matter thereof

The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1948

Section five, subsection (1).

(Power of local education authority to provide clothing for certain pupils at educational institutions maintained by them)

At the end of the subsection there shall be added the following words " and they may also provide clothing for a pupil for whom they are providing board and lodging elsewhere than at an educational institution so maintained, being a pupil receiving special educational treatment provided by them or by another authority or person in pursuance of arrangements made by them *\

SECOND SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31. The Education Act, 1944. In section one hundred and three, subsection (2). In section one hundred and four, in subsection (2), the words from " and (b)any sum expended " to the end of the subsection. In section one hundred and fourteen, in subsection (1), in the definition of "medical treatment ", the words " or by any person registered under the Dentists Act, 1878 ".

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 40. The Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1948. In the First Schedule, in Part I, the entry relating to section thirty-three of the principal Act.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Dentists Act, 1878 Settled Land Act, 1925 Road Traffic Act, 1930 London Passenger Transport Act, 1933 Local Government Act, 1933 London Government Act, 1939 Education Act, 1944 Education Act, 1946 Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 National Health Service Act, 1946 National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 ... Education (Miscellaneous Provisions) Aci, 1948 Children Act, 1948 41 & 42 Vict. c. 33. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 18. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 14. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 40. 7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 31. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 50. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 81. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 27. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 40. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

291

CHAPTER 34

Finance A, 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I Customs and Excise

Section

1. Continuation of duties on hops, etc., and beer.

2. Postponement of payment of excise duty on certain beers brewed by

brewers for sale.

3. Customs duty on mechanical lighters.

4. Import duties on certain sound-recorded material.

5. Reduction of mechanically propelled vehicles duty in respect of certain

motor-cycle combinations.

6. Mechanically propelled vehicles duty on agricultural tractors carrying

fitted implements.

7. Exemption from entertainments duty of certain amateur sports and

entertainments.

8. Exemption of cricket matches from entertainments duty.

9. Entertainments duty on lump sum payments, etc.

Part II Purchase Tax

10. Relief and reduction of purchase tax on certain goods.

11. General provisions as to rates of purchase tax.

Part HI

Income Tax, Profits Tax and Excess Profits Levy Income tax (charge, rates and reliefs)

12. Charge and rates of income tax for 1953-54.

13. Surtax rates for 1952-53.

14. Changes in old age and other personal reliefs.

15. Adjustment of general tax liability by reference to business losses, etc.

Capital allowanetc.

16. Restoration and amount of initial allowances.

17. Capital allowances (new classes of industrial building).

18. Allowances for expenditure on repair of buildings.

Computation of etc.

19. Changes in ownership of trade, etc.

20. Payments between associated companies in respect of losses.

21. Unremittable overseas profits.

22. Relief for copyright royalties, etc.

23. Compulsory slaughter of farm animals (election for " the herd basis

24. Charge of tax on sums applied outside U.K. in repaying certain loans.

Double taxation relief

25. Postponement of capital allowances to secure double taxation relief.

26. Removal of special limit on unilateral relief for double taxation of

profits or income.

Termination, etc., of excess profits levy

27. Termination and amendment of excess profits levy.

292

Finance Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Ch. 34

Miscellaneous

Section

28. Iron and steel companies (profits tax and excess profits levy).

29. Assessments, etc., in Isles of Scilly.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

30. Extension of power to accept property in satisfaction of death duties.

31. Stamp duties.

32. Excess profits tax post-war refunds,

33. Proceedings for customs and excise penalties, etc.

34. Provisions as to permanent annual charge for the National Debt and

as to the Old Sinking Fund.

35. Short title, construction, extent and repeals.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Duties on exposed cinematograph film.

Second Schedule—Relief and reduction of purchase tax on certain goods.

Third Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to grant certain duties, to alter other duties and to amend the law relating to the National Debt and the Public Revenue, and to make further provision in connection with Finance.

[31st July 1953.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty's public expenses, and making an addition to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows: —

Continuation of duties on hops, etc. and beer.

Part I

Customs and Excish

1.—(1) The duties charged by virtue of subsection (I) of section three of the Finance Act, 1949, until the end of the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, namely—

(a) the duties of customs charged on hops and extracts, essences or other similar preparations made from hops under subsection (1) of section seven of the Finance Act, 1925; and

1953 Finance A1953 Ch. 34

(b) the duty of customs charged on hop oil under the pro-

viso to subsection (1) of section four of the Finance Act, 1929; and

(c) the additional duty of customs charged in respect of

beer under subsection (2) of section two of the Finance Act, 1933,

shall continue to be charged until the end of the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

(2) The drawback allowed by virtue of subsection (2) of section three of the Finance Act, 1949, until the end of the fifteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, namely, the additional excise drawback allowed in respect of beer under subsection (4) of section two of the Finance Act,

1933, shall continue to be allowed until the end of the fifteenth day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-seven.

2. —(1) In the case of worts of beer to which this section Postponement applies, the proviso to subsection (8) of section one hundred and of payment of thirty-three of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (which pro- Sn^tJn beers vides that the date of payment of excise duty of which payment brewed by

is deferred under that subsection shall be not later than the brewers for twenty-fifth day of the month next following that in which the saIe-duty was charged) shall not apply; and where the Commissioners allow payment of duty to be deferred under that subsection in respect of any such worts of beer, the date of payment shall be such date as may be allowed by the Commissioners, not being later than the twenty-fifth day of the twelfth month after the month in which the duty was charged.

(2) This section applies to worts of beer of an original gravity of or exceeding one thousand and seventy degrees and to worts of lager beer, being in each case beer kept for a period of at least three months on the entered premises in which it is brewed, but does not apply to priming or colouring solutions or to worts entered for charge before the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the duty of customs duty customs charged under section six of the Finance Act, 1928, on mechanical shall cease to be charged on component parts of mechanical lighters, fighters, but shall be charged on mechanical lighters imported incomplete as well as complete.

(2) Section two hundred and twenty-two of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (which provides for treating as incomplete mechanical lighters for the purposes of excise duty prescribed components of such lighters and assemblies including such components) shall apply for the purposes of the duty of customs charged as aforesaid as it applies for the purposes of excise duty.

293

Part I

—cont.

294

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Import duties on certain sound-recorded material.

(3) For the purposes of the said section two hundred and twenty-two as applied by this section, the prescribed component of a mechanical lighter, other than a lighter appearing to the Commissioners to be constructed solely for the purpose of igniting gas for domestic use. shall, until otherwise provided by an order under subsection (2) of that section, be the body.

(4) So much of subsection (1) of section two hundred and twenty-one of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (which enables the Commissioners to make regulations for the purpose of regulating the manufacture of mechanical lighters) as relates to imported wheels for striking a flint shall cease to have effect, and any regulations in force under that subsection on the date on which this section comes into force shall have effect accordingly; but no duty of customs shall be charged on such wheels delivered without payment of duty by virtue of those regulations before that date and accounted for to the satisfaction of the Commissioners.

(5) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the first day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

4.—(1) Where duty is chargeable under Part I of the Import Duties Act, 1932, in respect of any goods being tapes, wires, discs or other articles which have been recorded with sound by any means, except—

(a) exposed cinematograph film; and

(b) goods appearing to the Commissioners to have been produced in quantity for general sale as so recorded,

and the amount of that duty would apart from this subsection exceed the amount which would be so chargeable if those goods had not been used for recording sound, the duty chargeable on those goods shall be charged only up to the last-mentioned amount.

(2) In heading (b) of sub-paragraph (iii) of the Table set out in paragraph 1 of the Third Schedule to the Finance Act, 1939 (which specifies the duty chargeable under Part I of the Import Duties Act, 1932, on exposed cinematograph film containing only a single sound track), the words "a single" shall be omitted; and heading (£>) of sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (20) of Group XVIII in the Second Schedule to the Import Duties (Consolidation) Order, 1949, shall be amended accordingly.

(3) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the duties which are chargeable on exposed cinematograph film in accordance with the said Third Schedule to the Finance Act, 1939, and the said Order of 1949.

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

295

5. —(1) The additional duty of excise chargeable under sub- Part I section (2) of section two of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949, in

respect of bicycles used for drawing a trailer or sidecar shall Reduction of be reduced, in the case of bicycles of which the cylinder capacity mechanically of the engine does not exceed two hundred and fifty cubic centi- J^hidesduty metres and bicycles electrically propelled, from one pound five in respect of shillings to ten shillings; and accordingly Part I of the First certain motor-Schedule to that Act shall have effect as if in the third column cycle for the figures " £1 5s. Od. " in the first, second and fourth places combinations, where they occur, there were substituted the figures 4410s. Od."

(2) This section shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

6. A vehicle falling within paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of Mechanically section four of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949 (which relates PropcUed

to ploughing engines, tractors and other agricultural engines), .

shall not be chargeable with duty under section five of that Act as tractore a goods vehicle by reason of the fact that it is constructed or carrying fitted adapted for use and used for the conveyance of farming or implements, forestry implements fitted thereto for operation while so fitted.

7. —(1) Entertainments duty shall not be charged on payments Exemption for admission to an entertainment which consists solely of games, frora races or other sports, being an entertainment to which, apart

from this section, the second scale of duty would be applicable, amateur sports where the Commissioners are satisfied— and

(a) that the entertainment is provided by a society, institu- entertainments.

tion or committee established and conducted for the promotion and furtherance of amateur games or sports and not conducted or established for .profit; and

(b) that no payment is made or reward given for the participation of any person in any game, race or other sport constituting the entertainment or part of the entertainment, other than prizes of a reasonable number and value competed for and won by individuals taking part therein.

(2) For the purposes of section ten of the Finance Act, 1949 (which exempts certain amateur theatrical and other entertainments from duty) an entertainment shall not be deemed not to be an amateur entertainment by reason only that any payment is made or reward given for the services of any person as instructor, producer, manager, or in any advisory capacity; and accordingly in subsection (2) of that section for the words from 44 or for any person’s services " to the end of the subsection there shall be substituted the words 44 or, in the case of an entertainment which consists of or includes a performance of music, for any person’s services as conductor ".

296

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 E2

Part I

—cont.

Exemption of cricket matches from

entertainments

duty.

Entertainments duty on lump sum payments, etc.

(3) This section shall apply, and shall be deemed to have applied, in relation to payments for admission (whenever made) to entertainments held after the twenty-sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three; and where duty has been charged on any payment made on or before that day for admission to an entertainment to which this section applies held after that day, the person by whom the duty was paid shall be entitled to repayment of the amount of the duty.

8. —(1) Cricket matches shall be excluded from the entertainments in respect of which entertainments duty is payable, and references in the enactments relating to that duty to an entertainment shall be construed accordingly.

(2) This section shall apply, and shall be deemed to have applied, to matches played after the twenty-sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

9. —(1) Where payment for admission to two or more entertainments is made by means of a lump sum within the meaning of subsection (4) of section one of the Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, and the Commissioners are satisfied—

(a) that the lump sum constitutes full payment for admission to each of the entertainments in respect of which it is paid; and

(b) that all of those entertainments are to take place within a period of one year,

the amount of the duty to be charged under the said section one in respect of that sum shall be an amount equal to the aggregate of the amounts (if any) which would be charged by way of duty if separate payments were made for admission to each of those entertainments, being payments of such amounts as appear to the Commissioners to be proportionate respectively to the values of the rights of admission to those entertainments, and of which the aggregate is equal to the said lump sum.

(2) Where payment for admission to two or more entertainments is made by means of a single payment representing the aggregate of separate prices of admission to those entertainments respectively, and not being a lump sum within the meaning of the said subsection (4), and the Commissioners are of opinion that the said prices of admission as taken for the purpose of arriving at the single .payment are not substantially proportionate to the respective values of the rights of admission to the entertainments to which they relate, they may direct that the amount of the duty to be charged under the said section one in respect of the said payment shall be ascertained in accordance with the

1953 Finance A, 1953 Ch. 34

provisions of the foregoing subsection as if that payment were a payment to which that subsection applies, and those provisions shall have effect accordingly.

(3) Section three of the Finance Act, 1944 (which relates to die amount of entertainments duty chargeable on a lump sum payment) shall cease to have effect.

(4) This section shall apply, and shall be deemed to have applied, to payments for admission (whenever made) to entertainments all of which are or have been held after the twenty-sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three; and where entertainments duty has been charged on any payment made on or before that day and by virtue of this section a less amount of duty should have been charged than the amount which was in fact charged, the person by whom the duty was paid shall be entitled to repayment of the overcharge.

Part II Purchase Tax

10. —(1) Part I of the Eighth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1948 (as amended by subsequent enactments and by orders of the Treasury under section twenty-one of that Act) shall have effect subject to the amendments set out in the Second Schedule to this Act, and the enactments relating to purchase tax shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Purchase tax shall not be charged in respect of the chassis of a goods vehicle which is electrically propelled, and accordingly at the end of sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3 of Part I of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1950, there shall be added the words—

" (/*) electrically propelled vehicles ".

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any order made by the Treasury after the commencement of this Act under section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1948, or under paragraph 3 of Part I of the Fifth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1950.

(4) This section shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three. 11

11. —(1) The first, second and third rates of purchase tax shall respectively be twenty-five per cent., fifty per cent., and seventy-five per cent, of the wholesale value of the goods instead of one-third, two-thirds and one hundred per cent, of that value.

K*

297

Part I

—cont.

Relief and reduction of purchase tax on certain goods.

General provisions as to rates of purchase tax.

298

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part n (2) Without prejudice to any powers exercisable by the —cont. Treasury under section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1948 (which enables the Treasury to change the classes of chargeable goods and to substitute one of the rates of purchase tax for another in the case of any such goods), an order under that section may direct that the tax chargeable in respect of goods of any class shall be chargeable at such reduced rate as may be specified in that order, notwithstanding that the rate so specified is not one of the rates provided for by the enactments relating to purchase tax.

(3) Part I of the Eighth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1948 (as amended by subsequent enactments, including the last foregoing section, and by orders of the Treasury under section twenty-one of that Act) shall have effect subject to the following amendments (being amendments consequential on the foregoing provisions of this section) that is to say: —

(a) for the words "First intermediate" and "First", wherever those words respectively occur, there shall be substituted the words " twenty-five per cent.";

(h) for the words " Second intermediate " and " Second ", wherever those words respectively occur, there shall be substituted the words " fifty per cent."; and

(c) for the word "Third", wherever that word occurs, there shall be substituted the words " seventy-five per cent.";

and any reference in the said Part I as amended by this subsection, or in any enactment or order passed or made after the passing of this Act, to a rate of purchase tax expressed as a percentage shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to a rate amounting to that percentage of the wholesale value of the goods in question.

(4) In paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1948, any reference to a rate of purchase tax provided for by the enactments relating to purchase tax shall be construed as including a reference to any rate specified in an order in force under subsection (2) of this section.

(5) The provisions of this section (other than subsection (2)) shall be deemed to have had effect as from the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

299

Part III

Income Tax, Profits Tax and Excess Profits Levy

Income tax (charge,rates and reliefs)

12. —(1) Income tax for the year 1953-54 shall be charged at Charge and the standard rate of nine shillings in the pound, and, in the case F*1*8

of an individual whose total income exceeds two thousand foMS^Si. pounds, shall be charged in respect of the excess at rates in the pound which respectively exceed the standard rate by the amounts by which the higher rates for the year 1951-52 exceeded the standard rate for that year (that is to say, the amounts specified in the second column of the Table in subsection (I) of section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1951).

(2) Section two hundred and twenty of the Income Tax Act,

1952, as amended, shall be further amended by substituting for the references to thirteen, eight and four nineteenths references to thirteen, eight and four eighteenths.

(3) Any change in the rates of income tax for the year 1953-54 as compared with the previous year shall not be deemed to have affected the amounts of tax deductible or repayable under section one hundred and fifty-seven (pay-as-you-eam) of the Income Tax Act, 1952, before the eighth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, but this shall not prevent the resulting over-deductions and under-repayments from being adjusted subsequently by means of diminished deductions or increased repayments under that section, or, if need be, by an assessment.

13. Income tax for the year 1952-53 shall be charged, in the Surtax rates case of an individual whose total income exceeded two thousand for 1952-53. pounds, at the same higher rates in respect of the excess as were charged for the year 1951-52.

14. —(1) In subsections (2) and (3) of section two hundred and Changes in eleven (old age relief) of the Income Tax Act, 1952, for the refer- °J<f a«° ences to five hundred pounds (which refer to the income limit for £lf^spersonaJ the full relief under subsection (2)) there shall be substituted references to six hundred pounds.

(2) In section two hundred and twelve (children) of the said Act for the reference in paragraph (b) of subsection (3), as amended, to twenty-six pounds (which refers to the limit on the emoluments of a child undergoing training) there shall be substituted a reference to fifty-two pounds.

(3) In sections two hundred and fourteen, two hundred and fifteen, two hundred and sixteen and two hundred and eighteen of the said Act (reliefs for housekeepers, dependent relatives and others) for the references to fifty pounds, except the reference in

K*2

300

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part m

—cont.

Adjustment of general tax liability by reference to business losses etc.

subsection (4) of section two hundred and sixteen (where it does not relate to the amount of the relief) there shall be substituted references to sixty pounds; and for the reference in subsection

(1) of section two hundred and sixteen, as amended, to one hundred and thirty-five pounds (which refers to the income limit of the dependent relative) there shall be substituted a reference to one hundred and forty-five pounds.

(4) In section two hundred and seventeen of the said Act (services of a daughter) for the reference to twenty-five pounds there shall be substituted a reference to forty pounds.

(5) The changes effected by this section shall not be deemed to have affected the amounts of tax deductible or repayable under section one hundred and fifty-seven (pay-as-you-eam) of the said Act before the eighth day of June, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, but this shall not prevent the resulting overdeductions and under-repayments from being adjusted subsequently by means of diminished deductions or increased repayments under that section, or, if need be, by an assessment.

15.—(1) Any adjustment under section three hundred and forty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952, of a person’s liability to tax for the year 1953-54 or a subsequent year of assessment in respect of a loss sustained by him in any trade, profession, employment or vocation shall be made by treating die loss as reducing first his income of the corresponding class, then his other income, then (if the adjustment is to extend to income of a wife or husband of the person in question) the wife or husband’s income of the corresponding class and then the wife or husband’s other income.

For the purposes of this subsection " income of the corresponding class" means earned or unearned income according as income arising during the same period as the loss to the person sustaining it from profits or gains of the same trade, profession, employment or vocation would have been that person’s earned or unearned income.

(2) If the claim for an adjustment under the said section three hundred and forty-one for any such year of assessment so requires, the adjustment shall be made by reference only to the income of the person sustaining the loss, without extending to the income of that person’s wife or husband.

(3) For the year 1953-54 or any subsequent year of assessment relief may be given under the said section three hundred and forty-one in respect of a person’s loss sustained in the last preceding year in any trade, profession, employment or vocation still carried on by him in the year for which the claim is made, in so far as relief in respect of that loss has not already been given under that section or otherwise; and, where relief is

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

301

claimed by virtue of this subsection, it shall be given in priority to any relief under the said section three hundred and forty-one in respect of a loss sustained in the year for which the relief is claimed.

(4) Where the surveyor objects to any claim under the said section three hundred and forty-one for the year 1953-54 or any subsequent year of assessment, it shall be heard and determined by the Commissioners concerned in like manner as in the case of an appeal against an assessment under Schedule D, and the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1952, relating to the statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of law shall apply.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply in relation to losses sustained in the occupation of woodlands in respect of which a person has elected to be charged to tax under Schedule D as they apply in relation to losses sustained in a trade.

Capital allowances, etc.

16.—(1) The provisions in Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952, precluding the giving of initial allowances in respect of expenditure incurred on or after the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, shall not have effect in relation to expenditure to which this section applies.

(2) An initial allowance under Chapter II (machinery and plant) of the said Part X in respect of expenditure to which this section applies shall be equal to one-fifth of the expenditure, and accordingly, in relation to such an allowance—

(a) subsection (1) of section two hundred and seventy-nine

of the said Act shall have effect with the substitution of the words " one-fifth " for the words " two-fifths "; and

(b) sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 3 of the Fourteenth

Schedule to the said Act shall have effect with the substitution in paragraph () and in paragraph (i) of the words "four-fifths’* for the words "three-fifths".

(3) An initial allowance under Chapter III (mines, oil wells, etc.) of the said Part X in respect of expenditure to which this section applies shall be equal to two-fifths of the expenditure, and accordingly in relation to such an allowance section three hundred and six of the said Act shall have effect with the substitution of the words " two-fifths " for the words " one-tenth

Part in

—cont.

Restoration and amount of initial

allowances.

302

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part HI (4) Subject to the next following subsection, this section —cont. applies to expenditure incurred on or after the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, except that expenditure to which this section does not otherwise apply shall not be treated for the purposes of this subsection as incurred on or after that date either—

(a) by virtue of subsection (6) of section two hundred and

sixty-five, subsection (2) of section two hundred and seventy-nine or subsection (1) of section three hundred and nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (under which, for the purposes of initial allowances, expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade by a person about to carry it on is treated as incurred on the first day on which he does carry it on); or

(b) by virtue of subsection (4) of section two hundred and

sixty-five and subsection (2) of section two hundred and seventy-seven of that Act (under which certain expenditure is treated as incurred on the coming to an end of pre-1945 allowances for mills, factories, etc.).

(5) This section shall not apply to any expenditure on the provision of a ship in respect of which an initial allowance may be given by virtue of the proviso to subsection (5) of the said section two hundred and seventy-nine (which relates to ships under construction or contracted for on or before the tenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-one); but, subject to that, where there is a contract for the sale of a ship and either—

(a) the price becomes payable before the fifteenth day of

April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, but the ship is delivered in performance of the contract on or after that date; or

(b) the price is payable in instalments, some of which are

payable before that date and some of which are payable on or after that date;

so much of the price as becomes payable before that date but after the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, shall for the purposes of the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to initial allowances be deemed to have become payable on that date, and this section shall apply to the expenditure accordingly.

(6) This section shall not affect the law relating to the excess profits levy, and accordingly shall be included among the enactments referred to in paragraph (a) of sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 3 of the Ninth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1952 (under which certain enactments relating to initial allowances are to be treated for certain purposes of the excess profits levy as if they had not been passed).

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

303

17. —(1) Subsection (1) of section two hundred and seventy- Part in one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which defines "industrial —com. building or structure " for the .purposes of Chapter I of Part X Capital

of that Act to mean a building or structure in use for the pur- allowances poses listed in paragraphs ia) to if) of the subsection) shall be JjKJJrj?55 amended by inserting the word "or " at the end of paragraph if) building), and adding a new paragraph—

" (g) for the purposes of a trade which consists in the catching or taking of fish or shellfish "

(2) The references in paragraph (e) of the said subsection (1) and in subsection (3) of the said section to a foreign plantation shall (without prejudice to the generality of the definition in subsection (5» be extended so as to include any land outside the United Kingdom used for husbandry or forestry, and the reference in the said subsection (3) to the growing and harvesting of crops shall be correspondingly extended.

(3) No allowance or charge shall be made by virtue of this section for any year of assessment earlier than the year 1953-54, and in any case in which, on the day immediately preceding any such year of assessment, a building or structure is to be treated as an industrial building or structure by virtue only of this section, subsection (5) of section two hundred and sixty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which provides for treating part of the expenditure on a building or structure as written off in years in which no annual allowance or scientific research allowance is made in respect of it), shall apply with the omission of proviso (a) (which excludes the operation of the subsection in the case of industrial buildings and structures).

(4) This section shall not apply for the purposes of the excess profits levy.

18. —(1) Subject to the next following subsection. Chapter I Allowances for

of Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to capital expenditure allowances for industrial buildings and structures), shall have of

effect in relation to capital expenditure incurred by a person on D am®8# repairs to any part of a building or structure as if it were capital expenditure incurred by him in the construction for the first

time of that part of the building or structure, and for the purposes of this subsection any expenditure incurred for the purposes of a trade on repairs to a building or structure shall be deemed, to be capital expenditure if it is not expenditure which would be allowed to be deducted in computing, for the purposes of income tax, the profits or gains of the trade.

(2) Where under section one hundred and one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to the repairs allowance under Schedule A), a repayment of tax for any year of assessment is made to a person wholly or partly in respect of capital expenditure incurred by him on repairs to any building or structure.

304

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part in

—corn.

Changes in ownership of trade, etc.

then for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section the amount on which tax is so repaid, and would not have been but for that expenditure, shall be deemed not to have been capital expenditure, and any allowance or charge for an earlier year of assessment shall be adjusted accordingly, if need be by an additional assessment.

(3) Part X of the Income Tax Act, 1952, shall have effect, and this section shall be construed, as if this section were contained in Chapter I of the said Part X.

(4) This section shall be deemed always to have had effect, with the necessary adaptations in relation to years of assessment earlier than the year 1952-53 of references to provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1952:

Provided that subsection (2) shall not affect any assessment which has become final and conclusive before the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

Computation of profits, etc.

19.—(1) Where in any year of assessment there is a change in the persons engaged in carrying on any trade, .profession or vocation, then (subject to the provisions of this section) the amount of the profits or gains thereof on which tax is chargeable for any year of assessment, and the persons on whom it is chargeable, shall be determined as if the trade, profession or vocation had been permanently discontinued at the date of the change and a new trade, profession or vocation had been then set up and commenced.

(2) Where there is in any year of assessment a change on which a trade, profession or vocation is treated under the foregoing provisions as permanently discontinued, and a person engaged in carrying on the trade, profession or vocation immediately before the change continues to be so engaged immediately after it, then—

(a) the trade, profession or vocation carried on by him

immediately before and immediately after the change shall, notwithstanding the discontinuance, be treated as the same trade, profession or vocation for the purposes of subsection (3) of section fifteen of this Act and of sections three hundred and forty-two and three hundred and forty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relate to the carry forward of losses), except as respects the computation of profits or gains and losses;

(b) in respect of a loss sustained by him in the trade, pro-

fession or vocation in the part of the said year before the change, relief shall ibe given under the said section three hundred and forty4wo from the assessment relating to the part of the year after the change as if it were an assessment for a subsequent year;

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

305

(c) for the purposes of the said section three hundred and forty-two (but not of the said section three hundred and forty-three) there shall be treated as a loss so sustained in the part of the year before the change his share of the non-effective amount (if any) of any allowances falling by virtue of Part X or XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, to be made in charging the profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation for that part of the year.

For - the purposes of paragraph (c) of this subsection, the persons engaged in carrying on the trade, profession or vocation immediately before the change shall be treated as entitled to any such allowances in the shares in which they are then entitled to the profits of the trade, profession or vocation, and " the non-effective amount*’ means, in relation to any allowances, the amount to which, because of an insufficiency of profits or gains, effect cannot be given in charging the profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation.

(3) Where there is such a change as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and a person engaged in carrying on the trade, profession or vocation immediately before the change continues to be so engaged, immediately after it, the persons so engaged immediately before and the persons so engaged immediately after the change may, by notice signed by them and sent to the surveyor at any time within twelve months after the date of the change, elect that the subsection shall not apply to treat the trade, profession or vocation as discontinued or a new trade, profession or vocation as set up and commenced.

(4) Where there is in any year of assessment a change in the persons engaged in carrying on a trade, profession or vocation, and subsection (1) of this section does not apply by reason of a notice under the last foregoing subsection, then—

(a) tax in respect of the trade, profession or vocation for

that year shall be assessed and charged separately on those so engaged before the change and on those so engaged after it, but the amount on which tax is chargeable shall be computed as if there had been no such change in that year and shall be apportioned as may be just, and subsection (1) of section three hundred and twenty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to procedure on apportionments under Part X of that Act), shall apply to an apportionment under this paragraph as it applies to an apportionment under the said Part X; and

(b) if, after the change but before the end of the following

year of assessment, there is a permanent discontinuance of the trade, profession or vocation (including a change

Part III

—cont.

306

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part HI —cont.

Payments

between

associated

companies

in respect of

losses.

CH. 34

treated as such), then on that discontinuance section one hundred and thirty of the Income Tax Act, 1952, shall apply, as respects any period before the first-mentioned change, to the persons charged or chargeable for that period as it would apply if no such change had taken place and they had been charged to tax accordingly for the subsequent period up to the discontinuance.

(5) There shall be made such additional assessments, reductions of assessments or repayments of tax as may in any case be required in order to give effect to this section.

(6) In the case of the death of a person who, if he had not died, would, under the provisions of this section, have become chargeable to income tax for any year, die tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate; and where, under those provisions, an election may be made by any person, it may in the case of his death be made by his executors or administrators instead of him.

(7) For the purposes of this section, a change in the personal representatives of any person or in the trustees of any trust shall not be treated as a change in the persons engaged in carrying on any trade, profession or vocation carried on by those personal representatives or trustees as such.

(8) In this section, " trade, profession or vocation " means a trade, profession or vocation chargeable under Case I or II of Schedule D.

i(9) As respects changes occurring in the year 1953-54 or any subsequent year of assessment the foregoing subsections shall have effect in substitution for sections one hundred and forty-five and one hundred and forty-six of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and references to section one hundred and forty-five shall be construed as referring to this section.

20.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where a company has a deficit for tax purposes during any accounting period of the company, and receives a subvention payment in respect of that period from an associated company having a surplus for tax purposes in the corresponding period, then in computing for the purposes of income tax die profits or gains or losses of those companies the payment shall be treated as a trading receipt receivable by the one company on the last day of the accounting period during which it has the deficit, and shall be allowed as a deduction to the other company as if it were a trading expense incurred on that day.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, a payment made by one company to another shall be treated as a subvention payment within the meaning of this section if, but only if, it

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

307

is made under an agreement providing for the paying company Part m to bear or share in losses or a particular loss of the payee com- —cont. pany, and is not a payment which (apart from this section) would be taken into account in computing profits or gains or losses of either company or on which (apart from this section and from any relief from tax) the payee company would be liable to bear tax by deduction or otherwise:

Provided that a payment in respect of any accounting period of the payee company shall not be treated as a subvention payment unless made in or before the year of assessment following that in which the period ends.

(3) If a company receives subvention payments from one or more associated companies in respect of the same accounting period to an aggregate amount exceeding its deficit for tax purposes during that period, or if a company makes subvention payments to one or more associated companies to an aggregate amount exceeding its surplus for tax purposes in the period which is the corresponding period in relation to those payments, the excess shall be disregarded for the purposes of this section; and, where payments to or from more than one company are in question, the payments shall be treated as abating in such manner as may be agreed between all the companies concerned or, in default of agreement, determined by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue:

Provided that where the period which is the corresponding period in relation to any subvention payment made by a company includes the whole or part of the ,period which is the corresponding period in relation to another subvention payment made by it, this subsection shall apply to those payments as if the whole period comprised in the said periods were the corresponding period in relation to those payments.

(4) Where a subvention payment is made to a company in respect of more than one accounting period of the company, or is made to or by a company canying on more than one trade, the payment shall be apportioned in such manner as appears to the Commissioners concerned to be just in order to determine the part to be attributed for the purposes of this section to any period or trade.

(5) For the purposes of this section the question, as respects any period, whether a company has a deficit or surplus for tax purposes, or what is the amount of that deficit or surplus, shall be determined by deducting from—

(a) the aggregate amount—

(i) of any profits or gains arising in that period from a trade carried on by it wholly or partly in the United Kingdom (computed in accordance with the provisions, other than this section, applicable to Case I of Schedule D); and

308

Ch. 34

Finance Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ. 2

Part in —cont.

(ii) of any income for the year of assessment in which that period ends (computed in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Acts) other than profits or gains arising from any such trade;

(b) the aggregate amount—

(i) of any loss sustained by it in the period in any such trade (computed in the same manner as profits or gains under the provisions, other than this section, applicable to Case I of Schedule D); and

(ii) of any allowances in respect of any such trade under Part X or XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952. for the said year of assessment, other than those given by way of deduction in computing profits or gains or losses; and

(iii) of any payments made by it in the said year of assessment to which section one hundred and sixty-nine or one hundred and seventy of the said Act applies, other than payments to which the said section one hundred and seventy applies by virtue of section three hundred and eighteen of the said Act or which are deductible in computing the profits or gains or losses of a trade carried on by it:

Provided that, where the period is longer or shorter than a year, the amounts referred to in sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (a) and sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) of paragraph of this subsection shall be proportionately increased or reduced.

(6) In relation to a subvention payment made to a company in respect of any of its accounting periods, the corresponding period of the paying company shall be—

(a) if any of its accounting periods coincides with that

accounting period of the payee company, that period; and

(b) in any other case, such period as the Commissioners of

Inland Revenue may determine, being a period of the same length as that accounting period of the payee company.

(7) Where a company makes a subvention payment to another, and the whole or part of its profits or gains arising in the period in which the expense is treated as incurred under subsection (1) of this section are, in computing tax, either—

(a) treated as profits or gains of each of two or more years

of assessment; or

(b) not treated as profits or gains of any year of

assessment;

then such adjustment (if any) shall be made, in a case to which paragraph (a) of this subsection applies, of the assessment for any year mentioned in that paragraph other than the first or, in a case to which paragraph ib) applies, of the assessment for the

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

309

year next following the end of the said period, as may be necessary to secure that (so far as may be) the aggregate amount of the assessments made on the company is reduced by an amount neither more nor less than die subvention payment.

(8) There shall be made such additional assessments, reductions of assessments or repayments of tax as may in any case be required in order to give effect to this section; and where the operation of this section in relation to any subvention payment affects a loss in respect of which a company has received a repayment of tax under section three hundred and forty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952, so much of the repayment as would not have been made if account had been taken of the operation of this section in relation to the subvention payment may, if not otherwise made good, be assessed under Case VI of Schedule D and recovered from the company accordingly.

(9) For the purposes of this section, " company " includes any body corporate, but references to a company shall be taken to apply only to a company resident in the United Kingdom and carrying on a trade wholly or partly in the United Kingdom:

Provided that this section shall apply in relation to a company whose business consists mainly in the making of investments and the principal part of whose income is derived therefrom, as if that business were the carrying on of a trade, and in the case of such a company, any payment which is directed by this section to be treated as a trading receipt or a trading expense shall be treated as a payment chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D or as an expense of management, as the case may be.

(10) For the purposes of this section, a company making a subvention payment to another shall be treated as the other’s associated company if, but only if, at all times between the beginning of the payee company’s accounting period in respect of which the payment is made and the making of the payment one of them is the subsidiary of the other, or both are subsidiaries of a third company, and for this purpose "subsidiary" has the meaning assigned to it for certain purposes of the profits tax by section forty-two of the Finance Act, 1938.

(11) Sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (b) of subsection (5) of this section shall not be taken to apply to any part of the allowances for a year of assessment earlier than the year referred to in the sub-paragraph, notwithstanding that it is carried forward to the year so referred, to under subsection (2) of section three hundred and twenty-three or subsection (1) of section three hundred and twenty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(12) In relation to subvention payments falling to be included in computing the profits or gains or losses of the payee company for the year 1953-54 or any subsequent year of assessment this section shall apply, in the case of the paying company, to a

Part III —coni.

310

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part m

—com.

Unremittable

overseas

profits.

past year of assessment and, in the case of either company, for the purposes of the profits tax to a past chargeable accounting period.

(13) This section shall not apply for the purposes of the excess profits levy.

21.—(1) Where a person is chargeable to income tax, the profits tax or the excess profits levy by reference to the amount of any profits or income arising in a territory outside the United Kingdom (hereafter in this section referred to as "overseas income "), then for the purposes of those taxes this section shall apply to the overseas income in so far as—

(a) he is prevented from transferring the amount of the

overseas income to the United Kingdom, either by the laws of that territory or any executive action of its Government or by the impossibility of obtaining foreign currency in that territory; and

(b) he has not realised the overseas income outside that

territory for a consideration in sterling or a consideration in some other currency which he is not prevented from transferring to the United Kingdom.

Overseas income to which this section applies is hereafter in this section referred to as unremittable.

(2) Where a person chargeable as aforesaid gives written notice of his desire to be assessed in accordance with this subsection, then, in the first instance, account shall not be taken of the overseas income to the extent to which he shows to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that the following conditions are satisfied with respect to it, that is to say—

(a) that it is unremittable; and

(b) that paragraph (a) of the foregoing subsection would continue to apply notwithstanding any reasonable endeavours on his part,

and tax shall be assessed and charged on all persons concerned and for all periods accordingly; but, on the Commissioners of Inland Revenue ceasing, as respects any part of the income, to be satisfied that the said conditions are satisfied, such additional assessments, reductions of assessments and repayments of tax shall be made as may be necessary to take account of it, and of any tax payable in respect of it under the law of the territory where it arises, according to their value at the date when, in the opinion of those Commissioners, the said conditions cease to be satisfied with respect to it, and may be so made at any time not later than six years after that date.

(3) Any notice under the last foregoing subsection shall relate to all tax (whether income .tax, profits tax or excess profits levy) with which the person giving the notice is or may become chargeable by reference to the overseas income to which die notice

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

311

relates, and shall be delivered to the surveyor before an assess- Part m ment made by reference to that income otherwise than in accordance with that subsection (or, in the case of a person chargeable to more than one tax by reference to it, an assessment to each of those taxes) has become final and conclusive; and there shall be made all such additional assessments, reductions of assessments or repayments of tax as may be required by reason of any such notice.

(4) In the case of the death of a person who, if he had not died, would, under subsection (2) of this section, have become chargeable to any income tax, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators, and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate.

(5) Subject to subsection (2) of this section, the amount of any unremittable overseas income shall be determined by reference to the generally recognised market value in the United Kingdom (if any) or, in the absence of any such value, according to the official rate of exchange of the territory where the income arises.

(6) Any appeal against an assessment which involves a question as to the operation of this section shall be made to the Special Commissioners, and not to the General Commissioners.

(7) In relation to any profits tax or excess profits levy chargeable by reference to the profits of a body corporate, that body corporate shall be deemed to be the person chargeable for the purposes of this section, notwithstanding that the tax is chargeable on another body corporate under the provisions relating to subsidiary companies.

(8) This section shall, in the case of any person, apply to overseas income by reference to which he is chargeable to income tax for any year of assessment not earlier than the year 1952-53 (but not so as to affect tax chargeable by reference thereto for any earlier year) and, for the purposes of the profits tax and excess profits levy, also to profits arising in any chargeable accounting period in or before which any such income arises; and, where the time mentioned in subsection (3) of this section for delivering a notice under subsection (2) in relation to any overseas income has come to an end or comes to an end within three months of the commencement of this Act, the notice may be delivered at any time within those three months and, if the person entitled to give die notice has died, may be given by his executors or administrators.

22.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, section four Relief for hundred and seventy-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which copyright enables a person in certain circumstances to'treat for tax r°yaltlcs» ctc purposes a lump sum payable to him in respect of the copyright

312

Part m

—cont.

Compulsory slaughter of farm animals (election for " the herd basis ’*).

Ch. 34 Finance A, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

in a work of his in such a way as to spread the charge to tax over more than one year), shall apply to any payment of or on account of royalties or sums payable periodically as it applies to a lump sum payment, except that it shall not by virtue of this section apply to payments in respect of the copyright in any work which only become receivable more than two years after its first publication.

(2) A claim under the said section four hundred and seventy-one with respect to any payment to which it applies by virtue only of this section shall have effect as a claim with respect to all such payments in respect of the copyright in the same work which are receivable by the claimant, whether before or after the claim; and, notwithstanding anything in subsection (4) of that section, such a claim may be made at any time not later than the fifth day of April next following the expiration of three years after the work’s first publication.

(3) Any reference in this section to a work’s first publication is a reference to the first occasion on which the work or a reproduction of it is published, performed or exhibited.

(4) This section shall apply to payments falling to be included in computing profits or gains for the year 1953-54 or any subsequent year of assessment, and in relation to such payments shall authorise the making of additional assessments for years of assessment earlier than the year 1953-54.

23.—(1) Where the whole or a substantial part of a production herd kept by a fanner for the purposes of his farming is slaughtered by the order of any Ministry, Government department or local or public authority under the law relating to diseases of animals in such circumstances that compensation is payable in respect of it, then subject to the provisions of this section an election for the herd basis thereupon made by the fanner in relation to that herd and any other production hods of the same class so kept by him shall be valid, notwithstanding that it is not made within the time required by sub-paragraph

(3) of paragraph 2 of the Twentieth Schedule to the Income Tax Act, 1952.

(2) Subject to subsection (6) of this section, an election for the herd basis made by virtue of this section shall only be valid if made not later than twelve months after the end of the first year of assessment for which the tax chargeable on the farmer in respect of the profits or gains of his farming finally falls to be computed by reference to the facts of a period in which the compensation is relevant:

Provided that where that year is the second year of assessment within the meaning of section one hundred and twenty-nine of

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

313

the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which relates to the assessment of new businesses), and notice is given under subsection (2) of that section, the election shall be valid if made not later than the giving of that notice.

(3) An election for the herd basis made by virtue of this section shall, notwithstanding anything in sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph 2 of the said Twentieth Schedule, have effect for the purposes of income tax only for the year of assessment mentioned in the last foregoing subsection and subsequent years of assessment, and for the purposes of the profits tax and excess profits levy only for chargeable accounting periods not falling wholly before the period by reference to the facts of which the profits or gains are computed for the purposes of income tax for the year of assessment so mentioned:

Provided that for the purposes of income tax the election shall have effect also for earlier years of assessment for the purposes of any claim under section three hundred and forty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which enables trading losses to be set off against general income), which is made by the farmer for relief in respect of his farming, if the relief falls to be computed wholly or partly by reference to the facts of a period in which the compensation is relevant.

(4) For the purposes of this section compensation shall be deemed to be relevant in any period if, but only if, it falls (or would but for an election under this section fall) to be taken into account as a trading receipt in computing the profits or gains or losses of that or an earlier period.

(5) The Twentieth Schedule to the Income Tax Act, 1952, shall have effect, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall be construed, as if those provisions were contained in that Schedule, and paragraph 8 of that Schedule shall apply in relation to those provisions as it applies in relation to paragraphs 1 to 7 of that Schedule.

(6) This section shall have effect (with the necessary adaptations of references to provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1952) as respects past years of assessment and past chargeable accounting periods in any case where an election for the herd basis made by virtue thereof will not have effect for purposes of income tax (otherwise than under the proviso to subsection (3) of this section) for a year of assessment earlier than the year 1951-52; and an election for the herd basis or claim for relief under section three hundred and forty-one of the Income Tax Act, 1952, if made by virtue of this subsection may, notwithstanding anything in the Income Tax Acts, be made at any time not later than the end of the year 1953-54.

Part in

—cont.

314

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part in

—cont.

Chargejof tax on sums ' applied outside U.K. in repaying certain loans.

24.—(1) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section one hundred and thirty-two of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which provides that in certain cases tax chargeable under Case IV or V of Schedule D on the income arising from securities or possessions out of the United Kingdom shall be computed by reference to the sums received in the United Kingdom), any such income which is applied outside the United Kingdom by a person ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom in or towards satisfaction—

(a) of a debt for money lent to him in the United Kingdom

or for interest on money so lent; or

(b) of a debt for money lent to him outside the United

Kingdom and received in or brought to the United Kingdom; or

(c) of a debt incurred for satisfying in whole or in part a

debt falling within paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection;

shall be treated as received by him in the United Kingdom (and for the purposes of paragraph (b) of the said subsection (3) as so received from remittances payable in the United Kingdom).

(2) Where a person ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom receives in or brings to the United Kingdom money lent to him outside the United Kingdom, but the debt for that money is wholly or partly satisfied before he does so, the foregoing subsection shall apply as if the money had been received in or brought to the United Kingdom before the debt was so satisfied, except that any sums treated by virtue of that subsection as received in the United Kingdom shall be treated as so received at the time when the money so lent is actually received in or brought to the United Kingdom.

(3) Where a person is indebted for money lent to him, income applied by him in such a way that the money or property representing it is held by the lender on behalf of or to the account of the said person in such circumstances as to be available to the lender for the purpose of satisfying or reducing the debt by set-off or otherwise shall be treated as applied by the said person in or towards its satisfaction, if under any arrangement between the said .person and the lender the amount for the time being of the said person's indebtedness to the lender or the time at which it is to be repaid in whole or in part depends in any respect directly or indirectly on the amount or value held by the lender as aforesaid.

(4) For the purposes of this section—

(a) a debt for money lent shall, to the extent to which that money is applied in or towards satisfying another debt, be deemed to be a debt incurred for satisfying that

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

315

other debt, and a debt incurred for satisfying in whole or in part a debt falling within paragraph (c) of subsection <1) of this section shall itself be treated as falling within that paragraph; and (b) " lender " includes, in relation to any money lent, any person for the time being entitled to repayment.

(5) This section shall not have effect in relation to income applied in or towards satisfaction of a debt for money lent before the fifteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, or of a debt incurred for satisfying in whole or in part any such debt, unless it is so applied after the end of the year 1953-54.

Double taxation relief

25.—(1) Where a person chargeable to income tax in respect of a trade under Case I of Schedule D is liable to foreign tax in respect of any income arising from the trade, being foreign tax for which relief may be given by way of credit, repayment or set-off under Part XIII of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and the conditions of the next following subsection are satisfied, he may in claiming the relief under the said Part XIII in respect of that income claim a postponement under this section of the relevant capital allowances operating to reduce that income for purposes of income tax for any year of assessment

(2) The conditions referred to in the foregoing subsection are—

(a) that the law under which the foreign tax is chargeable

provides for deductions or allowances to be given corresponding to capital allowances, but on a different basis such that they operate to reduce the income in question (if at all) to a less extent than the capital allowances to which the claim relates, but are calculated to operate to a greater extent than the corresponding capital allowances to reduce income arising subsequently; and

(b) that the relief falling to be given as aforesaid in respect

of the income in question is less than it would be if the capital allowances to which the claim relates operated to reduce the income to the same extent only as the deductions or allowances so provided for.

(3) Where a person claims a postponement under this section of capital allowances for any year of assessment, then for the purpose of making the assessment for that year die amount of those allowances shall be reduced by such amount as may be necessary to secure that they operate to reduce the income only to the extent mentioned in paragraph (b) of the last foregoing subsection (or such less amount as the claimant may require), and for the purpose of making the assessment for the

Part in

—cont.

Postponement

of capital

allowances

to secure

double

taxation

relief.

316

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Part III

—cont.

Removal of special limit on unilateral relief for double taxation of profits or income.

following year that amount shall be added to the amount of the allowances for that year, and be deemed to be part of those allowances, or, if there are no such allowances for that year, be deemed to be the allowances for that year.

(4) Where a person claiming relief under Part XIII of the Income Tax Act, 1952, in respect of any income is not chargeable to income tax for any year of assessment by reference to the facts of the period in which that income arises, this section shall apply in relation to the relevant capital allowances operating to reduce that income for the purposes of the profits tax as it would apply in relation to them if they operated to reduce the income for purposes of income tax.

(5) For the purposes of any claim under this section there shall be taken into account such only of the relevant capital allowances and the deductions or allowances operating to reduce the income in question for purposes of the foreign tax as are calculated to give relief in respect of the same expenditure or the same assets.

(6) In this section—

(a) " capital allowances " means allowances under Parts X

and XI of the Income Tax Act, 1952, and " relevant capital allowances", in relation to any trade, means capital allowances falling to be given by way of deduction in charging the profits or gains of the trade to income tax;

(b) " foreign tax " means tax chargeable under the laws of

any territory outside the United Kingdom.

(7) This section applies, with any necessary adaptations, in relation to a profession, employment, vocation or office, and in relation to the occupation of woodlands where the profits or gains thereof are assessable under Schedule D, as it applies in relation to a trade.

(8) This section shall not authorise the postponement of any part of the capital allowances for a year of assessment earlier than the year 1953-54, notwithstanding that it is carried forward to that or a subsequent year of assessment under subsection (2) of section three hundred and twenty-three of the Income Tax Act, 1952.

26.—(1) Proviso (a) to subsection (2) of section three hundred and forty-eight of the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which limits the credit to be allowed by way of unilateral relief from double taxation), shall not have effect in the case of income to which this section applies, that is to say—

(n) for the purposes of income tax for the year 1953-54 or any subsequent year of assessment, any income by reference to which that tax is chargeable; and

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

317

(b) for the purposes of the profits tax and the excess profits levy—

(i) any income included in the foregoing paragraph for the purposes of the income tax there mentioned; and

(ii) any income by reference to which income tax is not chargeable, but which either arises in a chargeable accounting period beginning at or after the end of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, or arises in a chargeable accounting period beginning before and ending after the end of that month, and falls to be apportioned to the part of the period after the end of that month on an apportionment made by reference to the number of months or fractions of a month in the two parts of the period.

(2) Paragraph 2 of Part II of the Seventeenth Schedule to the Income Tax Act, 1952 (which, in the case of unilateral relief, postpones any deduction for profits tax purposes of unrelieved foreign tax), shall not apply to the foreign tax in respect of any income in the case of which this section applies.

(3) There shall be made all such additional assessments, reductions of assessments and repayments of tax as may be necessary in consequence of the coming into force of this section.

Termination, etc., of excess profits levy

27.—(1) The period of charge to the excess profits levy shall end with the year nineteen hundred and fifty-three; and

(a) subsection (5) of section forty-five of the Finance Act, 1952 (under which a company can require the profits or loss for an accounting period of which part but not all falls after the beginning of the period of charge to be apportioned in accordance with its accounts, if sufficient accounts are available), shall have effect as if for the words "after the beginning of the period of charge " there were substituted the words " within the period of charge "; and

(b) paragraph 10 of the Ninth Schedule to that Act (which enables deductions to be spread over more than one accounting period) shall not apply to a deduction for expenditure incurred more than twelve months after the end of the period of charge.

(2) Where the functions of a body corporate consist wholly or mainly in the holding of investments, the body corporate, by notice in writing given to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue at any time within twelve months after the end of the period of

Part ID

—cont.

Termination

and

amendment of excess profits levy.

318

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part in charge to the excess profits levy, or such longer time as the Com-—cont. missioners in their discretion may allow,—

(a) may, if it is not a member of a group within the mean-

ing of the Twelfth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1952, elect that section fifty-two of that Act (which makes special provision for calculating excesses and deficiencies of profits in the case of investment companies) shall not apply or be deemed ever to have applied to k;

(b) may, if it is the principal member of a group within the

meaning of that Schedule, being a group in which the functions of each of the members consist wholly or mainly in die holding of investments, elect that the said section fifty-two shall not apply or be deemed ever to have applied either to it or to any other member of the group;

(c) may, if it is the principal member of a group within the

meaning of that Schedule, not being such a group as aforesaid but being a group such that substantially the whole of the functions of a single body corporate which combined all the functions of the members of the group would consist in the holding of investments, elect that subsection (2) of the said section fifty-two shall not prevent or be deemed ever to have prevented the section from applying either to it or to any other member of the group;

and such additional assessments, reductions of assessments and repayments of tax shall be made as are necessary to give effect to the election:

Provided that, where an election is made by a body corporate under paragraph (b) or (c) of this subsection, there shall not by virtue of the election be recoverable from any other body corporate any greater amount of tax or any greater sum under paragraph 20 of the said Twelfth Schedule (which enables the principal member of a group to recover from another member sums paid by the principal member on account of the tax in respect of the profits of the other member), than would have been recoverable if the election had not been made.

(3) The Finance Act, 1952, shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, as if section fifty-six (which relates to the allowance for additional output of certain minerals) applied to any mineral and to the winning of it from a natural deposit of a wasting nature as it applies in the case of metals, oil and asbestos, and provided for notice under subsection (1) to be given at any time within twelve months after the end of the period of charge or such longer time as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in their discretion may allow; and such additional assessments, reductions of assessments and repayments of tax shall be made as are necessary to give effect to this subsection.

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

319

Miscellaneous Part m

... —cont.

28.—(1) Where a distribution made by an iron and steel Iron and steel company for the time being owned by the Realisation Agency, companies being a distribution within the meaning of section thirty-six of the Finance Act, 1947, by way of dividend or cash bonus or of profits levy), assets in kind, is certified under this section by the Treasury, then subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) for the purposes of the profits tax no part of the distribution shall be treated either—

(i) in computing, in the case of that company, its gross relevant distributions to proprietors, as a distribution made by it; or

(ii) in computing, in the case of any other such company, its net relevant distributions to proprietors, as income received by k; and

(b) for the purposes of the excess profits levy the distribution shall be treated, as regards the company making it. as if the net amount or value distributed were a sum paid by it in cash by way of repayment of its share capital, and, as regards any such company to which the distribution is made, as if any part received by it of that net amount or value were a sum received by it in cash in respect of an issue of its share capital.

(2) Where any such company capitalises a distributable sum within the meaning of section thirty-one of the Finance Act,

1951, by means of an issue of fully paid redeemable preference shares, and the issue is certified under this section by the Treasury, then for the purposes of the said section thirty-one (under which a capitalisation of distributable sums and a reduction of share capital are in certain cases to be treated for profits tax purposes as together amounting to a distribution of profits) the capitalisation of that sum and any redemption of those shares shall be disregarded.

(3) The Treasury may certify under this section a distribution or an issue of redeemable preference shares, if they are satisfied that it is made for the purpose of facilitating the performance by the Realisation Agency of its functions in returning any undertaking or property to private ownership.

(4) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section shall not apply to so much of any distribution as is made to any such company, unless that company elects that the paragraph shall so apply and, if franked investment income of that company falls to be treated as franked investment income of any other body corporate by virtue of a notice under section twenty-two of the

320

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 E 2

Part IH

—con/.

Assessments, etc., in Isles of Sdlly.

Finance Act, 1937, given before, and in force at the time of, the election, that body corporate makes the like election.

Any election under this subsection shall be made by notice in writing given to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue within three months after the date when the distribution is certified under this section by the Treasury, or such longer period as those Commissioners may allow.

(5) For the purposes of this section, an iron and steel company shall be deemed to be owned by the Realisation Agency if, but only if, the Realisation Agency owns all the ordinary share capital of that company or the company is one of a set of companies such that the Realisation Agency owns ordinary share capital of one or more of those companies and no person other than the Realisation Agency and those companies owns any of the ordinary share capital of those companies; and for this purpose " ordinary share capital ", in relation to any company, means any issued share capital (by whatever name called) of the company, other than capital the holders whereof have a right to a dividend at a fixed rate or a rate fluctuating in accordance with the standard rate of income tax, but have no other right to share in the profits of the company.

(6) In this section " the Realisation Agency " means the Iron and Steel Holding and Realisation Agency set up by the Iron and Steel Act, 1953, and " iron and steel company " means a company becoming a subsidiary of the Realisation Agency under that Act.

29.—(1) Subject to the power of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue (under the proviso to subsection (1) of section six of the Income Tax Act, 1952) to transfer lands from one division to another, the Isles of Scilly shall be, and be deemed always to have been, part of the income tax division of West Penwith for purposes of income tax and the profits tax:

Provided that no assessment or charge to tax, or relief from tax by repayment or otherwise, which would not have been made or given if this section had not been passed shall be made or given for a year of assessment earlier than the year 1954-55, or (in the case of the profits tax) a chargeable accounting period falling before the end of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

(2) For the purposes of the proviso to the foregoing subsection, the parts falling before and after the end of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, of an accounting period ending after it but beginning before it shall be treated as separate chargeable accounting periods, and the enactments relating to the profits tax shall apply accordingly.

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

321

(3) The allowances and reliefs to be given to any person for Part m the purposes of income tax for any year of assessment after the year 1953-54, and (so far as it depends on income tax allowances and charges by virtue of paragraphs 1 and 2 of Part I of the Eighth Schedule to the Finance Act, 1947) the profits tax payable by any person for any chargeable accounting period, shall be the same as if for the year 1953-54 and all earlier years of assessment any person who would have been assessable and chargeable for any purpose in the Isles of Sdlly but for their omission from any division had been properly assessed and charged in the Isles of Sdlly with all such income tax as he would have been assessable and chargeable with there if they had been included in a division, and as he was not assessable and chargeable with elsewhere, and had been given all such allowances in assessing and charging the tax and all such reliefs from tax so assessed and charged as he could have been given in respect of any trade, profession, employment or vocation not carried on by him elsewhere in the United Kingdom:

Provided that for the purposes of this subsection the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to initial allowances shall be deemed not to have had effect for the year 1953-54 or any earlier year of assessment.

Part IV

Miscellaneous and General

30.—tl) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may accept. Extension in satisfaction or part satisfaction of any estate duty or settle- °o ment estate duty, any objects which are or have been kept in any property building— satisfaction.

(a) if they have determined to accept, or have accepted, of.^th

under section fifty-six of the Finance (1909-1910) Act,

1910, the building or any interest therein in satisfaction or part satisfaction of duty; or

(b) if the building or any interest therein belongs to Her Majesty in right of the Crown or of the Duchy of Lancaster, or belongs to the Duchy of Cornwall, or belongs to a Government Department or is held for the purposes of a Government Department; or

(c) if the building is one of which the Minister of Works is

guardian under the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913; or

() if the building or any interest therein is vested in the National Trust;

in any case where it appears to the Treasury desirable for the objects to remain associated with the building.

L

s

322

Ch. 34

Finance Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part IV (2) In the case of objects which the said Commissioners have —cont. accepted or determined to accept under the foregoing subsection, sections fifty and fifty-one of the Finance Act, 1946 (which deal with matters arising on the acceptance of property under section fifty-six of the said Act of 1910), shall apply as they apply in the case of property accepted or to be accepted under the said section fifty-six with the appropriate adaptations of references to a lease or to rent payable under a lease, and no stamp duty shall be payable on any conveyance or transfer of property to the said Commissioners under this section.

(3) For the purposes of subsection (2) of section forty of the Finance Act, 1930 (which section provides for exemption from death duties in the case of objects to which the section applies, but by subsection (2) thereof imposes a charge to death duty in the event of the subsequent sale of any such objects unless the sale is to the National Gallery, the British Museum or certain other institutions), the acceptance under subsection (1) of this section of any objects to which the said section forty applies shall not be treated as a sale of the objects, and subsection (2) of the said section forty shall not apply to any objects accepted under subsection (1) of this section in respect of any death occurring before the objects were so accepted.

(4) In this section " the National Trust " means the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty or the National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty; and references in paragraphs (a) to (dj of subsection (1) of this section to a building include references to a part of a building.

Stamp duties. 31.—(1) There shall be exempt from all stamp duties instru-

ments of the following descriptions, being instruments made or executed for the purposes of any savings committee, savings group or other similar body affiliated to the National Savings Committee or the Scottish Savings Committee, that is to say,—

(a) any receipt given by or to a person acting for any such

body with respect to the payment, repayment or application of contributions or subscriptions, and any order given to obtain repayment of a contribution or subscription; and

(b) any receipt given on the recoupment of disbursements

or expenses to a person so acting or otherwise on an adjustment of the accounts of such a person, and any agreement or bond whereby a person so acting makes himself responsible for money, stamps or other things supplied for the purposes of the body he acts for.

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

323

(2) As from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and Part IV fifty-three, the provisions of Part VI of the Finance Act, 1947, —corn. doubling the rates of the stamp duties chargeable under or by reference to the headings Conveyance or Transfer on sale and

Share Warrant and Stock Certificate to bearer in the First Schedule to the Stamp Act, 1891, shall not apply to the duty on a conveyance or transfer on sale of new local authority stock or to duty chargeable by reference to the amount of the duty on such a conveyance or transfer; and the duty payable under section one hundred and fifteen of the Stamp Act, 1891 (which relates to compositions for the duty on transfers of stock), on any account delivered under that section on behalf of a local authority shall be reduced by one shilling for every one hundred pounds of new local authority stock included in the account and shown in a separate part of it.

In this subsection the expression " new local authority stock " means any stock, within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1933, or the Local Government (Scotland) Act,

1947, issued by a local authority after the beginning of the year nineteen hundred and fifty-three, whether issued under either of those Acts or not; and the expression " local authority " means any authority being, within the meaning of the Local Loans Act,

1875, an authority having power to levy a rate and any local authority within the meaning of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, and includes also any statutory authority, commissioners or trustees to whom section two hundred and seventy of the last-mentioned Act applies.

(3) This section shall be construed as one with the Stamp Act,

1891.

32.—(1) So much of Part IV of the Finance (No. 2) Act, Excess profits 1945, as requires any undertakings or authorities to be given as ta* p|j?t"war a condition for the making of a payment of or on account of re un ’ a post-war refund of excess profits tax shall cease to have effect.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, any undertaking or authority given for the purposes of the said Part IV before the commencement of this Act shall become inoperative on that commencement.

(3) Where, by virtue of paragraph 3 of Part II of the Sixth Schedule to the said Act, a payment of or on account of a post-war refund would fall to be made to any company as having been the principal member of a group but for the fact that the company has ceased to exist, then in so far as the payment would represent excess profits tax paid by some other member of the group it shall be payable to that other member.

324

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part IV

—cont.

Proceedings for customs and excise penalties, etc.

(4) Sections forty-three to forty-five of the said Act (which provide for charging income tax for the year 1946-47 or 1947-48 on all sums paid as or on account of post-war refunds, and for the deduction of tax at the standard rate for the year 1946-47) shall have effect, and be deemed always to have had effect, notwithstanding any time limit imposed by any other enactment on the assessment or recovery of income tax, and the time for making any assessment to income tax which may be required by reason of the operation of those sections in relation to any payment of or on account of any post-war refund shall, if it would expire earlier, be extended to three years after the end of the year of assessment in which the payment is made.

(5) Without prejudice to the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals), neither subsection (2) of this section nor any repeal made by this Act in Part IV of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945, shall affect the operation of the said Part IV or of any undertaking or authority given for the purposes thereof, so far as relates to, or to the consequences of, any dealing before the commencement of this Act with a payment of or on account of a post-war refund.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in the said section thirty-eight or in the last foregoing subsection, where the trade or business carried on by any person has been permanently discontinued before the date of the commencement of this Act, no sum shall by reason of the discontinuance be recoverable under paragraph

(c) of subsection (1) of section forty-one of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945, if—

(< a)during the period between the discontinuance and the said date there has at all times been another trade or (business in relation to which he could have given such undertakings and authorities as, under the proviso to the said subsection (1), would have excluded the application of the said paragraph (c) to the discontinuance; and

(b) he has not, before the said date, refused to give those undertakings and authorities; and

(c) the advisory panel have not, before the said date,

reported under subsection (3) of section forty-two of the said Act that the sum has become due to the Crown.

33.—(1) It is hereby declared that any act or omission in respect of which a pecuniary penalty (however described) is imposed by the customs or excise Acts as defined by the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, is an offence under those Acts within the meaning of Part XI of the said Act of 1952, and in particular

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

325

of section two hundred and eighty-three of that Act (which provides for the punishment of such offences on summary conviction or, in certain cases, on conviction on indictment).

(2) This section applies to the enactments relating to purchase tax as it applies to the customs or excise Acts, and references therein to the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, include references to that Act as applied in relation to penalties under the said enactments by paragraph 1 of the Ninth Schedule to the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940.

34. —(1) The permanent annual charge for the National Debt for the financial year ending with the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, shall be the sum of six hundred and fifteen million pounds instead of the sum of three hundred and fifty-five million pounds.

(2) Any amount applied out of revenue during the said year in redeeming or -paying off any description of debt shall be deemed to be expenditure within the meaning of sections four and five of the Sinking Fund Act, 1875.

35. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1953.

(2) Part I of this Act shall be construed as one with the Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

(3) Part II of this Act shall be construed as one with Part V of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940,

(4) Part III of this Act—

(a) so far as it relates to income tax, shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts;

(b) so far as it relates to the profits tax, shall be construed

as one with Part III of the Finance Act, 1937, and the other enactments relating to the profits tax;

(c) so far as it relates to the excess profits levy, shall be

construed as one with Part V of the Finance Act, 1952.

(5) Any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall, except so far as the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended or applied by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

(6) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to matters in respect of which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to Northern Ireland, but nothing in this subsection shall affect the application to Northern Ireland of section thirty-three of this Act.

(7) The enactments specified in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that Part II of that Schedule shall have effect subject to subsection (5) of section thirty-two of this Act.

Part IV — con.

Provisions as to permanent annual charge for the

National Debt and as to the Old Sinking Fund.

Short title, construction, extent and repeals.

326

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Bliz. 2

Section 4.

Section 10.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Duties on Exposed Cinematograph Film

1. Where the rate of duty applicable to any class or description of exposed cinematograph film under the Third Schedule to the Finance Act, 1939, amounts in the case of any goods of that class or description to less than ten per cent, of the value of those goods, the general ad valorem duty shall be charged on those goods under Part I of the Import Duties Act, 1932, at such reduced rate as is equal to the rate of duty so applicable.

2. The rates of duty shown in the Second Schedule to the Import Duties (Consolidation) Order, 1949, in respect of exposed cinematograph film described in sub-paragraph (iii) of paragraph (20) of Group XVIII shall be shown in the second column instead of in the third column; and in relation to such film paragraph 1 of this Schedule shall have effect in substitution for sub-paragraph (3) of Article 4 of that Order.

3. The provisions of subsection (2) of section four of this Act may be revoked or varied as if they were contained in an order of the Treasury made under the Import Duties Act, 1932, and the foregoing provisions of this Schedule may be revoked or varied as if they were contained in an order of the Treasury made under section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1933, in pursuance of such an agreement as is mentioned in that section.

SECOND SCHEDULE Relief and reduction of Purchase Tax on certain goods

1. In paragraph (b) of Group 18 (which relates to wireless batteries) the words " other than dry batteries of not more than 6 volts " in the first column shall be omitted, and for the word "First * in the second column there shall be substituted the word "Exempt".

2. In paragraph (a) of Group 19 (which relates to musical instruments)—

(a) sub-paragraph (ii) (which relates to certain organs) shall be omitted; and

(b) in sub-paragraph (iv) the words " except instruments comprised in sub-paragraph (ii) of this paragraph and * in the first column shall be omitted, and for the word "First * in the second column there shall be substituted the word "Exempt*,

and in paragraph (b) of that Group (which relates to player piano records and gramophone records) the words " Player piano records and * shall be omitted.

3. In paragraph (a) of Group 21 (which relates to umbrellas and sunshades) for the word "Second * in the second column there shall be substituted the word "First *.

1953

Finance A, 1953

Ch. 34

327

4. For Group 29 (which relates to fancy or ornamental articles) there shall be substituted the following Group:—

44 Group 29

Fancy or ornamental articles suitable for personal or domestic use, and of a kind produced in quantity for general sale, being articles which are not comprised in any other Group Second *

5. In paragraph (b) of Group 35 (which relates to bicycles and tricycles), in sub-paragraph (i) after the words 44 being road vehicles " in the first column there shall be added the words44 of more than 8 cwt. unladen weight *.

6. In paragraph (c) of the said Group 35 (which exempts certain vehicles from tax) after the word 44 Caravans " in the first column there shall be inserted the following entry:—

44 Vehicles of a type approved by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis as conforming to the conditions of fitness for the time being laid down by him for the purposes of the London Cab Order, 1934/*

THIRD SCHEDULE Repeals Part I

Customs, Excise and Purchasb Tax

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Finance Act, 1928 e In section six, the words 44 and on any component part of a mechanical lighter, other than a flint".

7 A 8 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1944 Section three.

c. 23.

11A12 Geo. 6. The Finance Act, 1948 Subsection (2) of section twenty.

c. 49.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 47. The Finance Act, 1949 Section three. In section eight, in subsection (1), the words 44 and of any component part of a mechanical lighter other than a flint" and the words "or component part of a gas lighter'*; and in subsection (3), the words 44 or to a component part of a gas lighter " and the words 44 or part, as the case may be ".

15 A16 Geo. 6. A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33. The Finance Act, 1952 In section ten, in subsection (1). the words from44 (which are '* to 44 the goods) ".

2nd Sch. —cont.

Section 35.

328

Ch. 34

Finance A, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

3rd Sch. —cont. Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 A16 Geo. 6. The Customs and Excise In section two hundred and

A 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44. Act, 1952. twenty-one, in subsection (1) in paragraph (</), the words from " and of imported wheels’* to the end of the

paragraph; in paragraph (*), the words " or imported wheels for striking a flint *’ and the words " or (ii) wheels removed for exportation or for shipment as stores ’*; and in paragraph (/), the words "or on wheels for striking a flint imported without payment of duty * and the words " or wheels

Part n Excess Profits Tax Refunds

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

4 A 5 Geo. 6. c. 30.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21.

The Finance Act, 1941 The Finance Act, 1942

Subsection (1) of section twenty-eight from "if such conditions " to " whatsoever)

Section thirty-seven from "if such conditions " to " what-

9 & 10 Geo. 6. The Finance (No. 2) Act, c. 13. 1945.

10 All Geo.6. c. 35.

The Finance Act, 1947

soever) ".

In section thirty-eight, the words " and the requirements of the four next following sections are complied with sections thirty-nine to forty-two; subsection (2) of section forty-six; in section forty-seven the words " on the giving, or giving and approval, of the requisite undertakings and authorities*, the words " and if the requisite undertakings and authorities are given, or given and approved* and the words " and the said undertakings and authorities shall, with the necessary modifications, have effect accordingly*; subsection (4) of section fifty; in the Sixth Schedule, paragraph 4 and paragraph 9 from " and any reference *’ onwards.

Section sixty-five.

1953

Finance Act, 1953

Ch. 34

329

Part HI Miscellaneous

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 10. The Income Tax Act, 1952. Sections one hundred and forty-five and one hundred and forty-six; subsection (3) of section one hundred and fifty-five; proviso (a) to subsection (2) of section three hundred and forty-eight; paragraph 2 of Part II of the Seventeenth Schedule.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Sinking Fund Act, 1875

Local Loans Act, 1875

Interpretation Act, 1889

Stamp Act, 1891

Finance (1909-1910) Act, 1910

Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amend*

ment Act, 1913

Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916

Finance Act, 1925

Finance Act, 1928

Finance Act, 1929

Finance Act, 1930

Import Duties Act, 1932

Finance Act, 1933

Local Government Act, 1933

Finance Act, 1937

Finance Act, 1938

Finance Act, 1939

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940

Finance Act, 1944

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945

Finance Act, 1946

Finance Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Finance Act, 1948

Finance Act, 1949

Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949

Finance Act, 1950

Finance Act, 1951

Income Tax Act, 1952

Finance Act, 1952

Customs and Excise Act, 1952

Iron and Steel Act, 1953

38 & 39 Vict. c. 45.

38 & 39 Vict. c. 83.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 39.

10 Edw. 7. & 1 Geo. 5. c. 8.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 32.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 11.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 36.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 21.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 28.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 8.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 19. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6.

c. 54.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 46.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 23.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 13.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 35.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 49.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 47.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 89 14 Geo. 6. c. 15.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 43.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 33.

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 15.

3rd Sch. —cont.

L*

330

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Issue of £2,200,549,519 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March, 1954.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict.

c. 2.

CHAPTER 35

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four; and to appropriate the supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[31st July 1953.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four, the sum of two thousand two hundred million, five hundred and forty-nine thousand, five hundred and nineteen pounds.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person, by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two thousand two hundred million, five hundred and forty-nine thousand, five hundred and nineteen pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

331

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

Appropriation of Grants

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned Appropriation in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated sums .voted Fund towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty ^v?cesP y amounting, as appears by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of four thousand and eighty-five million, four hundred and forty-nine thousand, seven hundred and nine pounds, seventeen shillings and tenpence are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the said sums granted out of the Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed, under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to 54 Vict, be applied as appropriations in aid of the grants for the services c-24* and purposes specified in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4.—(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on Navy, Army and Air Services respectively is not made to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department, or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to the service of the department by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

L* 2

Sanction of Treasury for temporary application of surpluses on certain votes for Navy, Army and Air Services, to meet deficiencies on other votes for the same service.

332

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Sanction in connection wi Navy, Army and Air expenditure f( 1951-52.

14 & 15 Geo. 6 c. 44.

15 & 16 Geo. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 38.

Declaration required in certain cases before receipt of sums appropriated.

Short title.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporal application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the Navy, Army and Air Services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Acts, 1951 and 1952, surpluses arising on certain votes for Navy, Army and Air Services together with the sums granted by this Act for those services, for the year ended on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-two, have been applied towards making good deficits on those services respectively as shown in the statements set out in Schedule (C) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application, as shown in the said statements, of those surpluses and of the said sums is hereby sanctioned.

6. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act for half-pay or Navy, Army, Air, or Civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect of any payment if either—

(a) such a declaration has been subscribed within a period of twelve calendar months preceding the date of the payment, or such longer period as the Treasury may in any particular case or class of cases allow; or

(b) the payment is made through a banker who has entered

into an undertaking in such form as may be approved by the Treasury with respect to the notification of circumstances coming to the knowledge of the banker which might affect the right to such payments of the person to whom the payment is made.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

t

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the Appropriation Act, 1953.

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

333

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A) and (B) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A) Section 3.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund 4,085,449,709 17 10

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants Scctio* 3.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

1951- -52 and 1952-53 £ s. . £ s.

Part 1. Navy (Excess),

1951-52 10 0 0 1,763,988 17 3

Part 2. Army (Excess)

1951-52 2,731,080 7 8 1,488,468 7 0

Part 3. Air (Excess)

1951-52 10 0 0 •-554,174 12 0

Part 4. Civil (Excesses)

1951-52 22,435 10 2 2,861,992 3 6

Part 5. Ministry of De-

fence (Supplementary), 1952-

53 10 0 0 •-66,010 0 0

Part 6. Navy (Supplemen-

tary), 1952-53 3,000,000 0 0 1,500,000 0 0

Part 7. Army (Supplemen-

tary), 1952-53 35,000,000 0 0 •—1,880,000 0 0

Part 8. Civil and Revenue

Departments (Supplementary),

1952-53 209,900,445 0 0 • -4,583,277 0 0

£ 250,653,990 17 10 530,987 15 9

* Deficit.

334

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Appropriations of Grants.

SCHEDULE (B).—Appropriation of Grants—continued

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

1953-54 £ s. . £ y. .

Part 9. Ministry of Defence 19,512,000 0 0 150,000 0 0

, 10. Navy 329,500,000 0 0 75,000,000 0 0

, 11. Army 526,000,100 0 0 110,770,000 0 0

, 12. Air 498,000,000 0 0 103,118,000 0 0

Total, Defence ...£ 1,373,012,100 0 0 289,038,000 0 0

Part 13. Civil, Class I 16,152,735 0 0 6,987,132 0 0

, 14. Civil, Class II ... 89,846,325 0 0 3,059,522 0 0

, 15. Civil, Class m ... 84,795,438 0 0 11,320,556 0 0

, 16. Civil, Class IV ... 305,344,288 0 0 20,060,290 0 0

, 17. Civil, Class V ... 908,843,637 0 0 89,036,925 0 0

, 18. Civil, Class VI ... 323,472,965 0 0 104,316,650 0 0

, 19. Civil, Class VII... 66,178,767 0 0 16,855,065 0 0

, 20. Civil, Class VIA 231,340,843 0 0 9,256,251 0 0

, 21. Civil, Class IX ... 69,951,371 0 0 21,765,480 0 0

, 22. Civil, Class X ... 97,006,500 0 0 17,912,760 0 0

Total, Civil ...£ 2,192,932,869 0 0 300,570,631 0 0

Part 23. Revenue Departments 268,850,750 0 0 18,349,800 0 0

Grand Total £ 4,085,449,709 17 10 608,489,418 15 9

1953

Appropriation Act, 1953

Ch. 35

335

SCHEDULE (A)

SCHED. (A).

Grants out of thb Consolidated Fund

s. .

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1952—

Under Act 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 8 2,753,535 17 10

For the service of the year ended on the 31st day. of March, 1953—

Under Act 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 6 160,855,920 0 0

Under Act 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 8 87,044,535 0 0

For the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March, 1954—

Under Act 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 8 1,634,246,200 0 0

Under this Act 2,200,549,519 0 0

Total

...£4,085,449,709 17 10

336

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 1

Part 1.

Navy (Excess),

1951-52.

Navy (Excess), 1951-52

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Sum granted, and sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good an excess on the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1952 £ 10 £ 1,763,988 17 3

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

337

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 2. Army (Excess), 1951-52.

Army (Excess), 1951-52

- Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Sum granted, and sum which £ . £ s. .

may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good an excess on the grants for

ArmyS ervices for the year ended on the 31st day of

March, 1952 2,731,080 7 8 1,488,468 7 0

338

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Psart 3.

Air (Excess), 1951-52.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 3

Air (Excess), 1951-52

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Sum granted, and sum which £ £

may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good an excess on the grants for Air Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March, 1952 10 •-554,174 12 0

* Deficit.

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

339

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 4

SCHED. (B). Bart 4.

Civil (Excesses), 1951-52.

Civil (Excesses), 1951-52

Sums granted, and sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to make good excesses on certain grants for Civil Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1952, viz:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote. £ s. . £ J. .

Class III 8. County Courts 10 0 0 17,353 9 6

Class VI 8. Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries 7,681 19 2 122,294 14 8

Class VH 4. Public Buildings Overseas 14,701 17 8 10,262 8 2

11. Peterhead Harbour 21 13 4 —

Class IX 1. Ministry of Supply 10 0 0 1,102,186 2 1

17. Tin 10 0 0 1,609,895 9 1

Total, Civil (Excbssbs), 1951-52 £ 22,435 10 2 2,861,992 3 6

340

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

1 & 2 BUZ. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 5. Ministry of Defence (Supplementary), 1952-53.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 5

Ministry of Defencb (Supplementary), 1952-53

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted to defray the charge of the Ministry of Defence for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1953, viz.:—

Suras not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Defence; expenses in connection with International Defence Organisations including contributions and a contribution towards certain expenses incurred in the United Kingdom by the Government £ £

of the United States of America ... 10 •-66,010

* Deficit.

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

341

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 6 Sched. (B.)

Part 6.

Navy (Supplementary), 1952-53 (Su^e-

Schedulb of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which mental, may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to 1952-53.’ meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Navy Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1953, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. Pay, Ac., of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines £ 1,500,000 £ 100,000

2. Victualling and Clothing for the Navy 2,650,000 *-2,400,000

3. Medical Establishments and Services 20,000 1

4. Civilians Employed on Fleet Services 150,000 1

6. Scientific Services Cr 1,150,000 50,000

7. Royal Naval Reserves ... Cr 100,000 —

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &c.— Section I—Personnel Section II—Materiel Section HI—Contract Work 1,000,000 2,700,000 Cr 1,850,000 175,000 3.500.000 1.500.000

9. Naval Armaments Cr 3,800,000 *-500,000

10. Works, Buildings and Repairs at Home and Abroad 1,660,000 *-160,000

11. Miscellaneous Effective Services Cr 335,000 300,000

13. Non-effective Services 550,000 30,000

14. Merchant Shipbuilding and Repair 5,000 5,000

15. Additional Married Quarters ... — *-1,100,000

Total, Navy (Supplementary) 1952-53 £ 3,000,000 1,500,000

* Deficit, »

342

CH. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

1 & 2 B 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 7.

Army

(Supple-

mentary),

1952-53.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 7

Army (Supplementary), 1952-53

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto to meet expenditure beyond the sum already provided in the grants for Army Services for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1953, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

Vote. £ £

1. Pay, &c., of the Army 11,300,000 *-690,000

2. Reserve Forces (to an additional

number not exceeding 6,000,

other ranks, for the Regular

Reserve and to an additional

number not exceeding 29,000, all

ranks, for the Army Emergency

Reserve), Territorial Army,

Home Guard and Cadet Forces 400,000 —

4. Civilians 3,800,000 *-630,000

5. Movements 4,500,000 —

6. Supplies, &c 4,400,000 *-300,000

7. Stores 7,500,000 *-250,000

8. Works, Buildings and Lands ... 1,950,000 *-410,000

9. Miscellaneous Effective Services 150,000 400,000

10. Non-effective Services 1,000,000 —

Total, Army (Supplementary)

1952-53 £ 35,000,000 1,880,000

• Deficit,

1953

Appropriation Act, 1953

Ch. 35

343

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue

Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1953, viz.:—

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1952-53.

CIVIL

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Class I.

Vote.

25b. For expenses connected with the Coronation of Her Majesty the Queen

£ £ 232,000 135,000

Class n.

2. For sundry expenses connected with Her Majesty’s Foreign Service; special grants, including grants in aid; and various other services

13,715,510

•-1,343,000

6. For sundry Commonwealth services, including certain grants in aid; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in the Republic of Ireland; a grant in aid to the Republic of Ireland in respect of compensation to transferred officers; and certain expenditure in connection with former Burma services -

197,650

2,500

7. For expenses connected with oversea settlement

102,090

46,300

9.

For sundry Colonial and Middle Eastern services under Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and certain grants in aid -

Carried forward -£

• Deficit.

10

14,247,260

*—1,159,200

344

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplemental y), 1952-53.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward -

- 14,247,260

•—1,159,200

Class III.

Vote.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Prison Commissioners and of the prisons in England and Wales

236,500

239,500

7. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of Criminal Appeal and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, War Pensions (Special Review) Tribunals, and the Lands Tribunal; payments to jurors; trial of election petitions; and a grant in aid

12,000

7,767

8. For salaries and expenses in connection with County Courts

10

3.240

15. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish prisons, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics -

61,800

13,000

18.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land Court -

Carried forward - - £

200

14,557,770

•—895,693

* Deficit

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

345

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Brought forward -Class IV. Vote. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for 14,557,770 •—895,693

youth welfare - 3. For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum (Natural History), 8,598,000 1,205,000

including a grant in aid - 6. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery and the Tate Gal- 11,500

lery, Millbank, including a grant in aid 9. For the salaries and expenses of the 1,900 50

Wallace Collection - 14. For public education in Scotland, including certain grants in aid of the Education (Scotland) Fund; for the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, including a grant in aid; and for a 1,300 500

grant in aid of the education of Poles 16. For the salaries and expenses of the National Library, Scotland, including 1,203,724 132,276

a grant in aid 891 —

Carried forward -£ * Deficit. 24,375,085 442,133

Sched. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53.

346

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class V.

Supply

Giants

Appropriations in Aid

- 24,375,085

442,133

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government, Rent Control Tribunals, Local Valuation Panels and Courts, and the National Parks Commission; grants and other expenses in connection with water supply, sewerage, coast protection, flood emergency and certain civil defence services; grants to local authorities in connection with planning and re-development, national parks, &c.; grants to development corporations established for the purposes of new towns; a grant in aid of the North Devon and West Somerset Relief Fund; a contribution to the Ironstone Restoration Fund; remanet and sundry other services - 443,650

2. For grants and other payments in

respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation, and of services in relation to emergency housing, in England and Wales 2,490,000

10.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the National Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; non-contributory old age pensions, including pensions to blind persons; assistance grants, &c.; expenses of reception centres, re-establishment centres, &c.; and the maintenance of certain classes of Poles in Great Britain (Revised sum)

19,700,000

185,000

Carried forward -

-£| 47,008,735

627,133

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

347

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53.

Brought forward

- 47,008,735

627,133

Class V.—continued

Vote.

14. For the provision of a comprehensive health service for Scotland and other services connected therewith, including the treatment abroad of respiratory tuberculosis, certain training arrangements, the central purchase of medical supplies, certain expenses in connection with civil defence, and sundry other services -

1,155,000

*-280,000

15. For grants and other payments in respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation in Scotland

314,000

Class VI.

i. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, including assistance and subsidies to certain industries; certain grants in aid; and other services

10

4.

For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council

Carried forward - - -£

14,818,000 682,100

63,295,745 1,029,233

* Deficit.

348

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

I & 2 Buz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue

Departments

(Supple-

mentary),

1952-53.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward

Supply

Grants

- 63,295,745

Appropriations

in Aid

1,029,233

Class VI.—continued

Vote.

8. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including grants, grants in aid and expenses in respect of agricultural education and research; services in connection with live stock; land settlement; land drainage; purchase, adaptation, development and management of land; agricultural credits and marketing; the guarantee of a minimum price for home-produced wool; the prevention of food infestation; agricultural training and settlement schemes; fishery organisation, research and development; and sundry other services - - -

2,975,000

470,000

9. For certain food production services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries

2,632,500

*-250000

11. For the survey of Great Britain and

other mapping services -

12. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund

19.

21.

For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts in England and Wales, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises - - -

For certain food production services of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland

Carried forward -

16,000

250,000

10

795,000

-£| 69,964,255

18,000

28,990

1,296,223

* Deficit.

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

349

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CTVIL—continued Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 69,964,255 1,296.223

Class VI.—continued

Vote. 22. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish fishery services, including assistance to the near and middle distance and inshore fishing industry and to fishermen’s co-operative societies, &c., and a grant in aid of piers or quays 63,130 •-131,000

23. For the salaries and expenses of the members of the Herring Industry Board; for grants in respect of the expenses of the Herring Industry Board, including certain advances by way of grant in aid; for a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund; and for grants to herring fishermen and certain other persons for assistance in the provision of boats and equipment 86,500

Class VII.

2. For expenditure in respect of Houses of Parliament buildings - 52,000 4,000

3. For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain, including a grant in aid - 953,000 340,000

4. For expenditure in respect of public buildings overseas - 139,500 14,500

5. For expenditure in respect of Royal Palaces, including a grant in aid - 29,000 —

Carried forward -£ • Deficit. 71,287,385 1,523,723

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53.

350

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Brought forward -Class VII.—continued Vote. 6. For expenditure in respect of Royal 71,287,385 1,523,723

parks and pleasure gardens - 7. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous works services, including 10,000 5,000

certain grants in aid 8. For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of other Commonwealth countries and of foreign powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of 398,990 *-161,000

Government Property Department - 9. For stationery, printing, paper, binding and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of parliamentary 144,400 50,000

debates 825,000 *-570,000

Class VIII. 1. For war pensions and allowances (including cost of treatment) arising out of the war of 1914-18 to merchant seamen and fishermen and their

dependants 25,400 —

Carried forward -£ * Deficit. 72,691,175 847,723

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

351

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

72,691,175

847,723

Class VIII.—continued

Vote.

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions; payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; a grant in aid; grants to ex-prisoners-of-war and others in respect of the distribution of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom; and other services, including payment of National Service Grants and certain expenses connected with the National Health Services

3. For pensions, compensation allowances

and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory payments -

4. For superannuation and other non-

effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances, supplementary pensions, and certain other expenses in connection with superannuation in respect of civil employment - - - -

Carried forward -£

• Deficit.

8,900,000 *—

53,000

450,000 —

82,094,175 I 802,723

SCHED. (B).

Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53.

352

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Sched. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Department (Supplementary), 1952-53.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued

Brought forward -Class IX.

Vote.

1.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply for the administration of supply, (including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto); for the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances; for administrative services in connlction with the iron and steel, non-ferrous and light metals and engineering industries; and for miscellaneous services

2. For expenditure of the Ministry of

Supply on assistance to industry, scrap metal recovery, trading services, and iron and steel war terminal services

3. For expenditure of the Ministry of

Supply on the supply of munitions, aircraft, electronics equipment, common-user and other articles for the Government service, and on miscellaneous supply -

4. For the expenses of operating the Royal

Ordnance Factories -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Materials - - -

6. For expenditure of the Ministry of

Materials on trading services and assistance to industry, including a grant in aid - - - - - -

Carried forward -

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

82,094,175

16,000,000

5,750,010

23,299,900

2,600,000

10

33,248,000

-£|162,992,095

802,723

500,000

850,000

2,990,000

*-15,000

*—852J77

Deficit.

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

353

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 8—continued

CIVIL—continued Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 162,992,095 *—852,277

Class IX.—continued

Vote. 7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food; the cost of trading services, including certain subsidies; a grant in aid; and sundry other services, including certain expenses in connection with civil defence - 20,899,350

17. For expenditure of the Ministry of Matenals in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves - 20,140,000 *-4,148,000

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Post Office including telegraphs and telephones, and certain grants in aid 5,869*000 417,000

Total, Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53 £ 209,900,445 *—4,583,277

SCHED. (B). Part 8. Civil and Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1952-53.

* Deficit.

M

354

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 9.

Ministry of Defence,

1953-54.

Schedule of Sum granted, and of the sum which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charge of the Ministry of Defence, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954,

viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 9

MINISTRY OF DEFENCE

Sums not exceeding

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Defence; expenses in connection with International Defence Organisations, including a grant in aid; and a grant in aid of certain expenses incurred in the United Kingdom by the Government of the United States of America -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

19,512,000 150,000

1953

Appropriation Act, 1953

Ch. 35

355

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10

NAVY

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, including provision for officers, seamen, boys and Royal Marines, and members of the Women's Royal Naval Service and the Naval Nursing Service, to a number not exceeding 151,000, in addition to reserve forces, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote. 1. For the pay, &c., of the Royal Navy and Royal Marines - £ 49,860,000 £ 488,000

2. For victualling and clothing for the Navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at home and abroad 18,300,000 7,412,000

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments at home and abroad 1,385,000 59,000

4. For civilians employed on fleet services 7,518,000 75,000

5. For educational services - 948,000 89,000

6. For scientific services, including a grant in aid to the National Institute of Oceanography - 14,671,000 661,000

7. For the Royal Naval Reserve, the Royal Fleet Reserve and the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve, See. - 1,534,000 100

Carried forward -£ 94,216,000 1 8,784,100 i

M2

Schso. (B). Part 10. Navy,

I953-54

356

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCBED. (B). Part 10. Navy, 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 10—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward -

Vote.

8. Section I. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of Dockyards and Naval Yards at home and abroad -, Section II. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., including the cost of establishments of Dockyards and Naval Yards at home and abroad -, Section HI. For contract work for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance. Sue

94,216,000 8,784,100

34,691,000 294,000

62.692.000 15,500,000

58.702.000 38,676,000

9. For naval armaments

- 28,812,000

5,570,000

10. For works, buildings and repairs at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants and other charges connected therewith

18,040,000

1,405,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective services

8,800,900

3,079,900

12. For the Admiralty Office

6,910,000

12,000

13. For non-effective services - 16,607,000

14. For the Directorate of Merchant Ship-

building and Repairs and of certain

ship repair facilities - 29,000

196,000

10,000

15. For certain additional quarters at home -

Total, Navy Services

married

100

-£329,500,000

1,473,000

75,000,000

1953

Appropriation Act, 1953

Ch. 35

357

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 11

ARMY

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, including provision for Land Forces to a number not exceeding 554,000, all ranks, in addition to the Reserve Forces, Territorial Army, Home Guard, Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote. 1. For the pay, &c., of the Army - £ 126,290,000 £ 13,100,000

2. For the Reserve Forces (to a number not exceeding 55,000, other ranks for the Regular Reserve and 145,000, all ranks, for the Army Emergency Reserve), Territorial Army (to a number not exceeding 312,900, all ranks), Home Guard (to a number not exceeding 60,000, all ranks). Cadet Forces and Malta Territorial Force 18,290,000 180,000

3. For the salaries, wages, &c., of civilian staff of the War Office - 3,020,000 50,000

4. For civilians 60,090,000 1,190,000

5. For movements 35,070,000 350,000

6. For supplies, &c. - 53,610,000 14,260,000

7. For stores 175,500,000 68,500,000

8. For works, buildings and lands - 32,400,000 4,160,000

9. For miscellaneous effective services - 3,820,000 3,260,000

10. For non-effective services - 17,910,000 220,000

11. For certain additional married quarters 100 5,500,000

Total, Army Services - -£ 526,000,100 110,770,000

SCHED. (B), Part 11. Army, 1953-54.

35*

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Sched. (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 12-

Part 12.

Air,

1953-54.

AIR

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, including provision for officers, airmen and airwomen for Air Force Service to a number not exceeding 302,000, all ranks, in addition to reserve and auxiliary services.

viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Vote.

1. For the pay, &c., of the Air Force - 85,570,000 2,620,000

2. For the reserve and auxiliary services

(to a number not exceeding 155,000, all ranks, for the Royal Air Force Reserve and 11,000, all ranks, for the Royal Auxiliary Air Force) 1,690,000 1,000

3. For the salaries, wages, c., of civilian

staff of the Air Ministry - 3,980,000 117,000

4. For the salaries, wages, &c., of civilians

at outstations 26,930,000 2,550,000

5. For movements 12,700,000 1,000,000

6. For supplies 90,480,000 7,410,000

7. For aircraft and stores - 195,250,000 71,000,000

8. For works and lands - 70,000,000 16,080,000

9. For miscellaneous effective services, including a grant in aid to the Royal

Society 6,810,000 2,080,000

10. For non-effective services - 4,590,000 260,000

Total Air Services - - -£ 498,000,000 103,118,000

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

359

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 13 Sched. (B).

v ' Part 13.

Civil.

Class I.

CIVIL.—Class I 1953-54.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

House of Lords -

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

House of Commons, including a grant in aid to the Kitchen Committee

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

117,793 13,243

927,134 5,087

3. For expenses in respect of the registration of electors -

575,000

4. For the salaries and other expenses in the Department of Her Majesty’s Treasury and subordinate departments, including the salary and expenses of the Secretary of State for the Co-ordination of Transport, Fuel and Power, and the additional salary payable to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster -

3,324,798

65,500

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Her Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council - - 29,769

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Office of the Lord Privy Seal - - 7,380

1,950

7.

For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales

Carried forward - - -£

82,524 2,650

5,064,398 I 88,430

360

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 13. Civil. Class I. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part

Vote

8.

Brought forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 5,064,398

88,430

For the salaries and expenses of the Civil Service Commission

352,500

60,075

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Comptroller and Auditor General; and remanet expenses of the National Insurance Audit Department - - -

10. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government Actuary

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government Chemist

12. For a grant in aid of the Government

Hospitality Fund -

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Royal Mint, including the withdrawal of coin from circulation, the purchase of metals and production of coinages, medals, badges, dies for postage and other stamps, and Her Majesty’s seals -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office and Pensions Commutation Board -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments

417,641

26,226

246,081

80,000

37,050

26,874

650

100

5,555,600

3,300 36,800

832,387 —

94,649 6,000

17.

For the salaries of the establishment under the Public Works Loan Commission and the expenses of the Commission

Carried forward -£

100

7,117,382

54,221

5,865,700

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

361

SCHEDULE (B)—Part 13—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 7,117,382 5,865,700

Vote. 18. For payments to the Local Loans Fund in respect of advances in Northern Ireland and to make good certain sums written off from the assets of the Local Loans Fund 207,691

19. For the salaries and other expenses of Royal Commissions, committees, special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand - 191,000

20. For Her Majesty’s foreign and other secret services 5,000,000

21. For the salaries and expenses of the Tithe Redemption Commission 100 324,800

22. For the purchase and sale of silver and for handling and storage charges - 1,008,000

23. For certain miscellaneous expenses, including certain grants in aid - 155,219 1,500

24. For expenses connected with the Coronation of Her Majesty the Queen 693,000 513,000

24a. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain miscellaneous advances 155,857

25. For the salaries and expenses of the Office of the Secretary of State for Scotland and of the Scottish Home Department, and the salary of a Minister of State; expenses in connection with private legislation; expenses on, and subsidies for, certain transport services; grants and expenses in connection with services relating to children and young persons and with probation services; grants in connection with physical training, coast protection works, services in Development Areas, school crossing patrols, &c.; certain grants in aid; and sundiy other services 1,594,194 273,632

26. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Record Office - 30,292 8,500

Total, Civil, Class I - -£ 16,152,735 6,987,132

M*

SCHED. (B) Part 13. Civil. Class I. 1953-54.

362

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Sched (B). SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14

Part 14.

Civil.

Class II.

1953-54. CIVIL.—Class H

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, ' which will come in course of payment during the year ending

on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote. 1. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, including Her Majesty’s Missions and Consulates abroad, and the £ £

salary of a Minister of State- 2. For sundry grants and services connected with Her Majesty’s Foreign Service, including grants in aid (including a supplementary sum of 12,738,500 1,265,200

£2,210,010) 3. For salaries and expenses of the German Section of the Foreign Office, the Control Commission for Germany, any Mission which Her Majesty may establish in Germany, supplementary staff for Her Majesty’s Consulates in Germany and the staff of the British Commandant in Berlin, including non-effective services, supplies and services essential to the occupation, expenses of any mixed tribunals or boards set up by intergovernmental agreement in relation to Germany, and sundry other 21,249,790 411,143

services - - - 2,749,619 451,000

4. For a grant in aid of the British Council 5. For grants in aid of expenses of the United Nations and of technical 1,679,200

assistance for economic development 2,075,000 —

Carried forward -£ 40,492,109 2,127,343

1953

Appropriation Act, 1953

Ch. 35

363

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Scheo. (B). Part 14.

Civil. Class n. 1953-54.

Brought forward - 40,492,109

Vote.

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, including oversea establishments 1,769,807

2,127,343

35,150

7. For sundry Commonwealth services, including certain grants in aid; the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in the Republic of Ireland; a grant in aid to the Republic of Ireland in respect of compensation to transferred officers; and certain expenditure in connection with former Burma services - - -

1,815,304

12,000

8. For expenses connected with oversea settlement -

197,300

600

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies and the salary of the Minister of State for Colonial Affairs -

997,319

29,185

10. For sundry Colonial services including grants in aid; and certain expenditure in connection with the liabilities of the former Government of Palestine

24,093,226

88,800

11.

For the expenses of the Overseas Food Corporation, including a loan to the East African Railways and Harbours Administration -

Carried forward -£

731,559

738,444

70,096,624

3,031,522

M*2

364

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

1 & 2 ELiz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 14.

Civil. Class n. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 14—continued

Supply Grants Appropriations in. Aid

£ £

Brought forward - Vote 12. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts for the development of the resources of colonies, protectorates, protected states and trust territories, and the 70,096,624 3,031,522

welfare of their peoples - 13. For schemes made under the Colonial Development and Welfare Acts for the development of the resources of the South African High Commission Territories and the welfare of 17,500,000 28,000

their peoples 14. For certain expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United 480,000

Kingdom and a grant in aid - 1,769,701

Total, Civil, Class 11 - -£ 89,846,325 3,059,522

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

365

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15

CIVIL.—Class III

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sched. (B). Part 15.

Civil. Class m. 1953-54.

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department and Minister for Welsh Affairs and subordinate officers; grants towards the expenses of the probation of offenders, of courts of summary jurisdiction and of school crossing patrols; certain grants in aid; and sundry services, including certain services arising out of the war -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

4,716,505

906,925

2. For grants and expenses in connection with civil defence, including certain expenditure arising out of the war -

17,274,890

2,013,600

3. For expenses in connection with the police services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training; grants in respect of expenditure incurred by police authorities; a grant in aid of the Police Federation; a contribution to the International Criminal Police Commission; and fees to deputy metropolitan magistrates - - - -

32,745,671

152,830

4.

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Prison Commissioners and of the prisons in England and Wales

Carried forward - - -£

7,170,399 1,890,000

61,907,465 4,963,355

366

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 15.

Civil. Class HI. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - 61,907,465

Vote

5. For grants in respect of the expenses of the managers of approved schools in England and Wales; grants to local authorities in respect of their expenditure in connection with the care and welfare of children and young persons; grants towards the expenses of voluntary homes; and expenses in connection with training in child care 8,909,900

4,963,355

545,100

6. For expenses in connection with the

fire services in England and Wales, including the cost of inspection and training, grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities and certain other expenses; and for remanet expenditure in connection with the National Fire Service, England and Wales- -

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

State Management Districts in England and Wales, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

4,371,670

100

26,000

1,409,015

8.

For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature, Court of Criminal Appeal and Courts-Martial Appeal Court as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund; the salaries and expenses of the Judge Advocate General and the Judge Advocate of the Fleet, Pensions Appeal Tribunals, and the Lands Tribunal; payments to jurors; trial of election petitions; and a grant in aid -

Carried forward - - -£

1,092,396 1,538,350

76,281,531 8,481,820

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

367

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

SCHED. (B).

Part 15.

Civil. Class m. 1953-54.

Brought forward - 76,281,531

Vote.

9. For salaries and expenses in connection

with the County Courts - 306,190

8,481,820

835,460

10. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry -

100

502,470

11. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Public Trustee -

100

417,800

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Law Officers’ Department; the salaries and expenses of the Department of Her Majesty’s Procurator-General and Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty’s Treasury, and of the Department of the Director of Public Prosecutions; and the costs of prosecutions and other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary Agency

478,438

127,700

13. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses - -

62,030

14. For grants and expenses in connection with civil defence in Scotland, including certain expenditure arising out of the war- - - - -

1,576,207

92,500

15.

For the salary and expenses of the Inspector of Constabulary, the cost of special services, and grants in respect of Police expenditure in Scotland, including a grant in aid of the Scottish Police Federation

3,298,305

1,500

Carried forward

82,002,901

10,459,250

368

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Blkz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 15.

Civil. Class m. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Brought forward - 82,002,901

Vote.

16. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish prisons, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics- - 659,945

10,459,250

128,900

17. For grants in respect of the expenses

of the managers of approved schools in Scotland

18. For expenses in connection with the

fire services in Scotland, including the cost of inspection and training, grants in respect of expenditure incurred by fire authorities and joint fire committees and certain other expenses -

262,050

429,183

6,600

2,650

19. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts in Scotland, including the cost of provision and management of licensed premises -

100

343,955

20. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land Court -

17,094

625

21. For the salaries and expenses of the Lord Advocate’s Department and other law charges, including the provision of free legal assistance, and the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice and of Pensions Appeal Tribunals

188,054

224,000

22.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registers of Scotland

Carried forward -£

100

121,315

83,559,427

11,287,295

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

369

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 15—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - Vote. 23. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal of Northern Ireland as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeal Tribunals in Northern Ireland, and other expenses, including certain expenses in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland 83,559.427 11,287,295

and a grant in aid - 24. For charges in connection with land purchase in Northern Ireland, and the expenses of management of guaranteed stocks and bonds issued for the purposes of Irish land 39,931 33,161

purchase 1,196,080 100

Total, Civil, Class III - -£ 84,795,438 11,320,556

SCHED. (B). Part 15.

Civil. Class m. 1955-54.

370

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 16.

Civil. Class IV. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16

CIVIL.—Class IV

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants in aid, grants in connection with physical training and recreation, and grants to approved associations for youth welfare

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

227,096,012

17,497,280

2. For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum, including a grant in aid

392,448

52,080

3. For the salaries and expenses of the British Museum (Natural History), including a grant in aid -

273,977

5,800

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Museum, including a grant in aid

31,267

600

5. For the salaries and expenses of the London Museum, including a grant in aid

19,554

20

6. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery and the Tate Gallery, Millbank, including a grant in aid

96,122

377

7.

For the salaries and expenses of the National Maritime Museum, including a graqt in aid -

Carried forward -£

34,364

227,943,744

40

17,556,197

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

371

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 16—continued

Vote.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

Brought forward -

For the salaries and expenses of the National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid

For the salaries and expenses of the Wallace Collection -

For grants in aid to certain institutions and bodies concerned with science, learning and the arts, and for other services in connection therewith -

For a grant in aid of the expenses of, and for loans to, universities, colleges, &c., in Great Britain, and the cost of certain post-graduate studentships -

For grants and grants in aid to the British Broadcasting Corporation -

13. For public education in Scotland,

including grants in aid of the Education (Scotland) Fund; the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, the education of Poles, and other educational services, including certain grants in aid -

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, Scotland, the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, and the National Museum of Antiquities of Scotland, including certain grants in aid -

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

Total, Civil, Class IV - -£

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

£ 227,943,744 £ 17,556,197

21,305 2,000

29,873 5,200

1,155,011 336

27,104,900 100

17,550,000 —

31,480,922 2,491,020

37,673 420

20,860 5,017

305,344,288 20,060,290

SCHED. (B).

Part 16.

Civil. Class IV. 1953-54.

372

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (fi).

Part 17.

Civil. Class V. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17

CIVIL.—Class V

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Housing and Local Government, RentControlTribunals, Local Valuation Panels and Courts, and the National Parks Commission; grants and other expenses in connection with water supply, sewerage, coast protection, flood emergency, and certain civil defence services; grants to local authorities in connection with planning and re-develop-ment, town development, national parks, &c.; grants to development corporations established for the purposes of new towns; a contribution to the Ironstone Restoration Fund; remanet and sundry other services -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

9,305,555 520,000

2. For grants and other payments in respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation, and of food and other services in relation to emergency housing, in England and Wales ...

57,671,620

9,146,500

3.

For Exchequer Equalisation Grants and Exchequer Transitional Grants to local authorities in England and Wales

61,800,000

Carried forward

-£128,777,175

9,666,500

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

373

Vote.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17—continued

Brought forward -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

- 128,777,175

9,666,500

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health and the Board of Control; grants and other expenses in connection with miscellaneous health services, residential accommodation for the aged, infirm, &c.; expenditure on measures for civil defence; and sundry other services, including a grant in aid of the expenses of the World Health Organisation (including a supplementary sum of £302,314) - For the provision of a comprehensive health service for England and Wales and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939, the treatment abroad of respiratory tuberculosis, certain training arrangements, the central purchase of medical and other supplies necessary for the service, and certain expenses in connection with civil defence (including a Supplementary sum of £2,402,625) - For a grant in aid of the Medical Research Council - For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General

of Births, &c

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and National Service, including expenses in connection with the inspection of factories; grants to local authorities, associations and other bodies in respect of employment exchange and other services; expenses of training, transfer, rehabilitation and resettlement and in connection with national service; a grant in aid of the International Labour Organisation; expenses of the Industrial Court and the Industrial Disputes Tribunal; and sundry other services

4,536,314

372,031,985

1,805,846

457,740

19,275,000

568,600

64,713,240

250,900

3,886,000

Carried forward

-£526,884,060

79,085,240

SCHED. (B). Part 17.

Civil. Class V. 1953-54.

374

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B).

Part 17.

Civil. Class V. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17—continued

Brought forward

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

526,884,060

79,085,240

Vote.

9. For grants to local authorities, &c., in respect of employment and development schemes, including adjustments of grant in certain cases -

595,000

10.

For sums payable by the Exchequer to the National Insurance Fund and the Industrial Injuries Fund and for payments in respect of family allowances (Revised sum) - - -

182,037,000

13,000

11.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the National Assistance Board and of certain Appeal Tribunals; non-contributory old age pensions, including pensions to blind persons; assistance grants and expenses of reception centres, &c.; and the maintenance of certain classes of Poles in Great Britain -

127,770,000

1,260,000

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Registry of Friendly Societies -

68,770

4,700

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Central Land Board -

1,144,000

12,100

14.

For the salaries and expenses of War Damage Commission

Carried forward -

the

1,253,000

-£839,751,830

275,300

80,650,340

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

375

Vote.

15.

16.

17.

18. 19.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 17—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 839,751,830 80,650,340

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Health for Scotland and the General Board of Control for Scotland; and for grants and other expenses in connection with water and sewerage services, town and country planning and the creation of new towns; and certain expenses in connection with civil defence and other services 3,366,510 64,000

For the provision of a comprehensive health service for Scotland and other services connected therewith, including medical services for pensioners, &c., disabled as a result of war, or of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September, 1939, the treatment abroad of respiratory tuberculosis, certain training arrangements, the central purchase of medical supplies, certain expenses in connection with civil defence, and sundry other services (including a Supplementary sum of £275,000) - 47,126,000 7,422,080

For grants and other payments in respect of the provision and improvement of housing accommodation in Scotland - 12,338,000 560,120

For Exchequer Equalisation Grants and certain other grants to local authorities in Scotland - - - 6,200,000 330,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland - 61,297 10,385

Total, Civil, Class V - -£ 908,843,637 89,036,925

Sched. (B). Part 17.

Civil. Class V. 1953-54.

376

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B), Part 18.

Civil. Class VI. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18

CIVIL.—Class VI

Schedule of Sums granted and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and subordinate departments, including assistance and subsidies to certain industries; certain grants in aid; and other services (including a Supplementary sum of £18,010) -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

6,115,865

1,955,850

2. For services in Development Areas

4,815,060

3. For financial assistance to industrial undertakings in Development Areas, including remanet expenditure in respect of similar assistance in former Special Areas -

1,510,010

4. For the salaries and expenses of the Export Credits Guarantee Department, and for payments under guarantees given after consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council -

5,133,000

8,760,000

5. For payments under Special Guarantees given in the national interest by the Board of Trade on which consultation with the Export Guarantees Advisory Council is not required -

1,482,000

440,000

6.

For expenditure of the Board of Trade in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves

36,000

500

Carried forward -

19,091,935

11,156,350

1953

Appropriation Act, 1953

Ch. 35

377

Vote.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 18—continued

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants in Aid

£ £

Brought forward - 19,091,935 11,156,350

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Materials - 836,000 2,300

For expenditure of the Ministry of Materials on trading services and

assistance to industry, including grants in aid 8,317,020 31,000

For expenditure of the Ministry of Materials in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves - 37,268,010 5,300,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Supply for the administration of supply (including research and development, inspection, storage, disposal and capital and ancillary services related thereto); for the supply of atomic energy and radioactive substances; for administrative services in connection with the iron and steel, non-ferrous and light metals and engineering industries; and for miscellaneous services - 240,750,000 30,150,000

For expenditure of the Ministry of Supply on assistance to industry, scrap metal recovery, and iron and steel war terminal services 380,000 157,000

For expenditure of the Ministry of Supply on the supply of munitions, aircraft, electronics equipment, common-user and other articles for the Government service, and on miscellaneous supply ... 8,250,000

For the expenses of operating the Royal Ordnance Factories 8,500,000 57,520,000

For expenditure of the Ministry of Supply in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves 80,000

Total, Civil, Class VI - -£ 323,472,965 104,316,650

SCHED. (B). Part 18.

Civil. Class VJ. 1953-54.

378

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B), Part 19.

Civil. Class VTL 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19

CIVIL.—Class Vn

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Works -

Supply

Grants

7,007,670

Appropriations in Aid

3,832,000

2. For expenditure in respect of Houses

of Parliament buildings - 483,100

3. For expenditure in respect of sundry

public buildings in Great Britain, including a grant in aid - - - 27,965,000

4. For expenditure in respect of public

buildings overseas - 1,971,500

2,000

6,873,885

60,030

5. For expenditure in respect of Royal

Palaces, including a grant in aid -

6. For expenditure in respect of Royal

parks and pleasure gardens -

7. For expenditure in respect of miscel-

laneous works services, including certain grants in aid (including a Supplementary sum of £250,000) -

496,600

716,000

818,690

27,000

62,900

831,000

8.

For rates and contributions in lieu of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the Crown for the public service, and for rates on buildings occupied by representatives of other Commonwealth countries and of foreign powers; and for the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department

Carried forward -£

11,485,000 433,000

50,943,560 I 12,121,815

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

379

Scheo. (B). Part 19.

Civil. Class VII. 1953-54.

Brought forward - £ 50,943,560 £ 12,121,815

Vote. 9. For stationery, printing, paper, binding, and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of parliamentary debates 13,593,707 4,540,000

10. For the salaries and expenses of the Central Office of Information - 1,381,000 188,500

11. For the construction of a harbour of refuge at Peterhead - 48,000 —

12. For expenditure in respect of public works and buildings in Ireland 212,500 4,750

Total, Civil, Class VII -£ 66,178,767 16,855,065

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 19—continued

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

380

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 20.

Civil. Class Vni. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20

CIVIL.—Class VII

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Vote.

1.

2.

3.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, including grants, grants in aid and expenses in respect of agricultural education and research; services in connection with live stock; land settlement; land drainage; purchase, adaptation, development and management of land; agricultural credits and marketing; the guarantee of a minimum price for home-produced wool; the prevention of food infestation; agricultural training and settlement schemes; fishery organisation, research and development; and sundry other services (including a Supplementary sum of £15,999,990) -

For certain food production services of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries (including a Supplementary sum of £4,289,990) -

For the salaries and allowances of the White Fish Authority and of the Scottish Committee; allowances to the members of the White Fish Industry Advisory Council; grants and loans in respect of certain expenses of the Authority, including grants in aid; and a grant in aid of the White Fish Marketing Fund -

Carried forward -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

42,213,241

38,894,630

913,700

-£ 82,021,571

2,984,785

4,408,820

7,393,605

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

381

SCHEDULE (B)—Part 2D—continued

Brought forward -

Vote.

4. For the survey of Great Britain and other mapping services -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

82,021,571

7,393,605

2,713,400

430,150

5. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of Crown Lands

80,418

SCHED. (B).

Part 20.

Civil. Class VIII. 1953-54.

6. For grants in aid of the Agricultural

Research Council and the Nature Conservancy 1,157,000

7. For a grant in aid of the Development

Fund 1,618,000

8. For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund (including a Supplementary sum of £700,000)

7,591,000

9.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Food; the cost of trading services, including certain subsidies; a grant in aid; and sundry other services, including certain expenses in connection with civil defence - - -

109,628,668

132,050

10. For expenditure of the Ministry of Food in connection with the procurement and maintenance of strategic reserves

15,162,000

100,000

11.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland, including grants, grants in aid and expenses in respect of prevention of food infestation; land settlement; purchase, adaptation, development and management of land; improvement of livestock; works in the congested districts; land drainage; agricultural education and research, agricultural marketing and credits; agricultural training and settlement schemes; and sundry other services

3,616,667

628,590

Carried forward -

-£|223,588,724

8.684,395

382

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 20.

Civil. Class Vm. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 20—continued

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Brought forward - £ 223,588,724 £ 8,684,395

Vote. 12. For certain food production services of the Department of Agriculture for Scotland 5,554,900 417,730

13. For salaries and expenses in connection with the administration of Scottish fishery services, including assistance to the near and middle distance and inshore fishing industry and to fishermen’s co-operative societies, &c., and a grant in aid of piers or quays (including a Supplementary sum of £250,000) 1,528,819 154,126

14. For the salaries and expenses of the members of the Herring Industry Board and allowances to members of the Herring Industry Advisory Council; grants in respect of certain expenses of the Herring Industry Board, including grants in aid; and a grant in aid of the Herring Marketing Fund 668,400

Total, Civil, Class VIII -£ 231,340,843 9,256,251

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

383

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 21

CIVIL.—Class IX

SCHED. (B). Part 21.

Civil. Class IX. 1953-54.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants

Appropriations in Aid

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport, including expenses of the Transport and Transport Arbitration Tribunals, advances to the Transport Fund, and sundry other services -

2,578,000

1,569,500

2. For a grant in aid of the Road Fund; for other expenditure in connection with roads; for payments to local authorities in reimbursement of expenses incurred in the collection of motor vehicle duties, &c., and the registration of motor vehicles; and for other services -

34,473,500

770,000

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Coastguard and the cost of certain Mercantile Marine Services

435,850

100,280

4. For shipping and certain special services, including war terminal services and certain expenses in connection with inland transport -

3,310,000

15,217,500

5.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Civil Aviation, including a grant in aid and certain other grants and subsidies

11,674,000

2,895,000

Carried forward -

-£ 52,471,350

20,552,280

384

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 21.

Civil. Class IX. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 21—continued

Brought forward -

Vote.

6. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Fuel and Power, loans to industry for fuel-saving equipment, assistance to gas and electricity services in Development Areas, expenses in connection with the nationalisation of the coal and gas industries, and a grant in respect of coal-mining subsidence damage

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

52,471,350

20,552,280

3,491,200

538,000

7. For the supply, storage and distribution of petroleum products and certain other special services of the Ministry of Fuel and Power, including expenditure on civil defence - - j 8,300,000

93,000

8.

For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Museum of Practical Geology 5,688,821 582,200

Total, Civil, Class IX - -£ 69,951,371 21,765,480

1953

Appropriation Act, 1953

Ch. 35

385

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 22 Sched.

Part

Class

CIVIL.—Class X 1953-

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants Appropriations in Aid

Vote 1. For war pensions and allowances (including cost of treatment) arising out of the war of 1914-18 to merchant seamen and fishermen and their dependants - £ 222,000 £

2. For payments in respect of pensions, gratuities and allowances for disablement or death arising out of war, or out of service in the Armed Forces after the 2nd day of September 1939; sundry contributions in respect thereof; a grant in aid; grants to ex-prisoners-of-war and others in respect of the distribution of Japanese assets in the United Kingdom; and other services, including payment of National Service Grants (Revised sum) 82,259,500 726,000

3. For pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and to widows of such members, including annuities to the National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra-statutory payments 1,105,000

Carried forward -£ 83,586,500 726,000

N

*.x-pa

386

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (B). Part 22. Civil. Class X. 1953-54.

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 22—continued

Brought forward -

Vote.

4. For superannuation and other non-effective annual allowances, additional allowances, gratuities, compassionate allowances, supplementary pensions, and certain other expenses in connection with super-. annuation in respect of civil employment

Supply

Grants

83,586,500

Appropriations in Aid

726,000

8,69.6,000

408,960

5.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, the Ministry of National Insurance and the Ministry of Pensions and National Insurance, including certain expenses in connection with national insurance, industrial injuries insurance, family allowances, workmen’s compensation, war pensions and sundry other services -

Total, Civil, Class X - -£

4,724,000 16,777,800

97,006,500 17,912,760

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

387

SCHEDULE (B).—Part 23

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1954, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Giants in Aid

£ £

Vote.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department,

including a grant in aid 11,820,200 675,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department - 32,415,550 145,000

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including telegraphs and

telephones, and certain grants in aid 224,615,000 17,529,800

Total, Revenue Departments £ 268,850,750 18,349,800

SCHED. (B).

Part 23. Revenue Departments. 1953-54.

Ch. 35

Appropriation Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

388

SCHED. (C).

Part I.

Navy Services.

Sn2i SCHEDULE (C).—Part I

DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Navy Services, 1951-52, Votes Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

1. Pay, Ac., of the Royal £ s. . £ s. . £ s. . £ s. .

Navy and Royal

Marines 994,375 17 4 — — 17,873 14 6

2. Victualling and Cloth-

ing for the Navy ... 3. Medical Establish- . " 24,005 11 4 455,346 14 5

ments and Services — 42,580 17 6 483,443 15 10 —

4. Civilians employed on

Fleet Services — — 14,096 13 0 5,768 4 5

5. Educational Services — — 62,501 3 7 5,037 13 2

6. Scientific Services ... — — 577,140 1 9 92,985 9 5

7. Royal Naval Reserves — — 103,165 17 3 1,386 12 1

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs, Maintenance, &c.:

Section I—Personnel — 177,483 12 6 101,981 6 7

Section 11—Materiel 1,929,349 5 8 — 1,202,658 4 8

Section III—Contract

Work 152,621 14 2 — — 757,156 13 11

9. Naval Armaments ... — — 675,207 8 11 1,160,162 3 7

10. Works, Buildings, and Repairs at Home and Abroad

633,102 10 1 — — 12,585 15 8

11. Miscellaneous Effec-

tive Services 329,104 16 9 — — 613,599 9 3

12. Admiralty Office — — 1,952 0 3 9,771 4 8

13. Non-effective Services 14. Merchant Shipbuild- — — 104,345 17 9 2,429 1 3

ing and Repair Ser-

vices — 1,081 6 8 6,009 19 2 —

15. Additional Married

Quarters — — 64,747 13 2

Balances Irrecoverable

and Claims Abandoned 19,544 7 9 — —

4,058,098 11 9 43,662 4 2 2,294,099 14 6 4,438,742 7 7

Excess Vote — — 10 0 0 —

4,058,098 11 9 ' 43,662 4 2 -J 2,294,109 14 6 , - - V 4,438,742 7 7

v 'I'

£4,101,760 15s. lid. £6,732,852 2s. Id.

' V

Net Surplus £2,631,091 6s. 2d

1953

Appropriation , 1953

Ch. 35

389

SCHEDULE (Q.—Part II

SCHED. (C).

Part U. Army Services. 1951-52. Section 5.

Army Services, 1951-52, Votes DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

£ s. . £ s. . £ s. . £ s. .

1. Pay, Ac., of the Army 1,180,686 19 0 — — 405,781 5 9

2. Reserve Forces, Terri-

torial Army, Home

Guard and Cadet

Forces 35,205 19 7 — — 45,675 7 11

3. War Office — — 2,221 17 0 1,404 18 7

4. Civilians 501,746 2 2 — — 20,569 14 0

5. Movements 732,874 18 4 — — 12,286 1 8

6. Supplies, Ac. 2,081,434 5 5 — — 456,084 8 4

7. Stores — — 3,183,718 12 5 736,422 18 0

8. Works. Buildings and

Lands 3,019,546 4 4 — — 38,723 8 0

9. Miscellaneous Effec-

tive Services 246,547 11 5 298,336 0 11 — —

10. Non-effective Services — — 701,705 4 4 69,856 5 8

11. Additional Married

Quarters ...' 223,070 13 7 — — —

Balances Irrecoverable

and Claims Abandoned 86,081 14 7 — — —

8,107,194 8 5 298,336 0 11 3,887,645 13 9 1,786,804 7 11

Excess Vote — — 2,731,080 7 8 —

8,107,194 8 5 298,336 0 11 6,618,726 1 5 1,786,804 7 11 i

£8,405,530 9s. 4d. £8,405,530 9s. 4d.

﻿390

Ch. 35

Appropriation , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHED. (C).

Part III. Air Services. 1951-52. Section 5.

SCHEDULE (Q.—Part IH

DEFICITS SURPLUSES

Air Services, 1951-52, Votes Excesses of actual over estimated gross Expenditure Deficiencies of actual as compared with estimated Receipts Surpluses of estimated over actual gross Expenditure Surpluses of actual as compared with estimated Receipts

1. Pay, Ac., of the Air Force £ s. . £ s. . 90,987 2 6 £ s. . 758,994 2 4 £ s. .

2. Reserve and Auxiliary Services 33,234 18 8 — — 394 15 11

3. Air Ministry — 14,794 8 5 59,510 7 10 —

4. Civilians at Out-stations — 124,115 0 6 183,628 4 10 —

5. Movements — — 138,040 1 5 139,838 17 10

6. Supplies — — 979,682 3 6 328,084 16 4

7. Aircraft and Stores ... — — 478,112 16 1 200,358 11 3

8. Works and Lands ... 1,918,435 13 9 — — 546,006 12 0

9. Miscellaneous Effective Services — 116,750 0 9 105,223 19 6

10. Non-effective Services — — 49,777 15 2 25,298 1 5

11. Additional Married Quarters 240,315 6 7 — — —

Balances Irrecoverable and Claims Abandoned 18,345 0 11 — — —

Excess Vote 2,210,330 19 11 229,896 11 5 2,764,495 11 11 10 0 0 1,345,205 14 3

2,210,330 19 11 229,896 11 5 t 2,764,505 11 11 1,345,205 14 3

£2,440,227 11s. 4d. 1 £4,109,711 6s. 2d. J

Net Surplus £1,669,483 14s. lOd.

v^»

1953

Ch. 36

391

Post Office

Act, 1953 CHAPTER 36

Post Office Act, 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Postmaster-General and officers

Section

1. Appointment of Postmaster-General.

2. General powers of Postmaster-General.

Postmaster-General privilege

3. Exclusive privilege of Postmaster-General.

4. Infringement of Postmaster-General’s privilege.

General provisions as to transmission of postal packets

5. Postage to be charged on postal packets.

6. General provisions relating to postage, etc.

7. Provisions as to postage etc. not prepaid or insufficiently prepaid.

8. Conditions of transit of postal packets.

9. Decision as to postal packets.

10. Cash on delivery service.

11. Prohibition on sending by post of certain articles.

12. Registration of newspapers at Post Office.

13. Publications registrable as newspapers.

14. Supplements to registered newspapers.

15. Power of Treasury to carry into effect postal arrangements with other

countries.

16. Application of customs Acts to postal packets.

17. Power to detain postal packets containing contraband.

18. Recovery of postage.

19. Post Office mark evidence of amount of postage, etc.

Money orders

20. Money orders.

21. Special provisions as to postal orders.

22. Issuing money orders with fraudulent intent.

23. Forgery and stealing of money orders.

24. Arrangements with other countries as to money orders.

Conveyance of mail bags by ships and aircraft

25. Outward bound ships.

26. Inward bound ships and aircraft.

27. Owner’s letters.

28. Retention of postal packets after delivery of part thereof to Post

Office.

29. Carriage of parcels by coasting ships.

30. Remuneration of owners and masters or commanders of ships or

aircraft.

31. Exemption of certain ships from harbours rates, etc.

32. Penalty for opening of mail bag by master or commander of ship or

aircraft.

Conveyance of mail bags by railway undertakers

33. Power to require provision of regular mail trains.

34. Additional provisions as to regular mail train services.

35. Remuneration for regular mail train services.

36. Alteration of regular mail train services.

37. Review of agreements and awards as to regular mail train services.

38. Conveyance of mail bags by railway otherwise than as part of regular

mail train services.

392 Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

, 1953

Section

39. Bye-laws, etc., of railway undertakers.

40. Service of notices on railway undertakers.

41. Offences relating to conveyance of mails by railway.

42. Conveyance of mail bags on ships used by railway undertakers.

43. Extension of meaning of expression " railway *\

Conveyance of mail bags by tramways and public service vehicles

44. Power to require services by tramways and certain public service

vehicles.

45. Additional provisions as to conveyance of mail bags by tramways and

public service vehicles.

Land

46. Holding of land by Postmaster-General.

47. Power of Postmaster-General to acquire land.

48. Power of Postmaster-General to dispose of land.

49. Consent of Treasury to acquisition or disposal of land.

Extension of postal facilities and accommodation

50. Indemnity on account of extending Post Office accommodation.

51. Power of local authority to contribute towards new post office or

extra postal facilities.

General offences

52. Stealing mail bag or postal packet.

53. Unlawfully taking away or opening mail bag.

54. Receiver of stolen mail bag or postal packet.

55. Fraudulent retention of mail bag or postal packet.

56. Criminal diversion of letters from addressee.

57. Stealing, embezzlement, destruction, etc., by officer of Post Office of

postal packet.

58. Opening or delaying of postal packets by officers of the Post Office.

59. Carelessness, negligence or misconduct of persons employed in carrying

or delivering mail bags, postal packets, etc.

60. Prohibition of placing injurious substances in or against post office

letter boxes or telephone kiosks.

61. Prohibition of affixing placards, notices, etc., on post office letter

boxes, etc.

62. Prohibition of imitation of post office stamps, envelopes, forms and

marks.

63. Prohibition of fictitious stamps.

64. Prohibition of false notice as to reception of letters, etc.

65. Obstruction and molestation of officers of the Post Office.

66. Prohibition of sending offensive or false telephone messages or false

telegrams, etc.

67. Provision against hawking opposite General Post Office.

68. Endeavour to procure the commission of any felony or misdemeanour.

Legal proceedings

69. Summary, proceedings.

70. Venue.

71. Provisions as to form of proceedings.

72. Evidence of thing being postal packet, and of consent of Postmaster-

General to prosecution.

73. Power to compound actions, etc.

74. Application of fines.

75. Offences also punishable at common law or under some other Act.

76. Recovery of sums from officers of Post Office.

Miscellaneous and general

77. Exemption from toll.

78. Provision as to post office letter boxes.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

393

Section

79. Surrender of clothing by officer of Post Office on ceasing to be officer.

80. Post Office expenses.

81. Post Office regulations and warrants.

82. Signature of Treasury warrants, consents, etc.

83. Exercise of powers on behalf of Postmaster-General.

84. Exemption of Postmaster-General from stamp duty.

85. Alienation of Post Office duties by Crown.

86. Exemption of officers of Post Office from certain offices.

87. Interpretation.

88. Application to Northern Ireland—general.

89. Application to Channel Islands—general.

90. Application to Isle of Man—general.

91. Repeals and savings.

92. Short title.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Provisions with respect to acquisition of land in the United Kingdom by the Postmaster-General.

Second Schedule—Section sixty-five of the Post Office Act, 1908, as originally enacted.

Third Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the Post Office with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactme

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) Any person from time to time appointed in that behalf Appointment

by Her Majesty by letters patent shall be the master of the Post of Postmaster-Office by the style of Her Majesty’s Postmaster-General. General.

(2) Upon and by virtue of the appointment of any person to be Her Majesty’s Postmaster-General, the benefit of all contracts, bonds, securities and things in action vested in his predecessor at the time of the predecessor ceasing to hold office shall be transferred to and vested in, and enure for the benefit of, the person so appointed, in the same manner as if he had been contracted with instead of his predecessor and as if his name had been inserted in all such contracts, bonds and securities instead of the name of his predecessor.

2. The Postmaster-General may appoint for the purposes of Genera* the Post Office such officers, deputies, agents and servants as

seem to him necessary and, subject to the provisions of this Act, General may establish such posts and post offices as he thinks expedient, and collect, receive, forward, convey and deliver in such manner as he thinks expedient all postal packets transmitted within or to or from the British postal area or a British postal agency.

Act, 1949.

Postmaster-General and officers

N*

394

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Exclusive privilege of Postmaster-General.

Postmaster-General's privilege

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the Postmaster-General shall within the British postal area have the exclusive privilege of conveying from one place to another, and of performing all the incidental services of receiving, collecting, despatching and delivering, all letters:

Provided that, subject to compliance with such terms, conditions and restrictions as the Postmaster-General thinks fit and to the concurrence of the Treasury, the Postmaster-General may either generally or in the case of any particular person authorise—

(a) letters to be sent, conveyed and delivered otherwise than by post;

(b) the collection of letters otherwise than by an officer of the Post Office, whether to be despatched by post or otherwise.

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall make unlawful—

(a) the conveyance and delivery of a letter personally by

the sender thereof;

(b) the sending, conveyance and delivery of a letter by means of a private friend who himself delivers that letter to the addressee;

(c) the sending, conveyance and delivery of a letter con-

cerning the private affairs of the sender or addressee thereof by means of a messenger sent for the purpose by the sender of the letter;

(d) the sending, conveyance and delivery otherwise than by

post of any document issuing out of a court of justice or of any return or answers thereto;

ie) the sending and conveyance of letters from merchants

who are the owners of a merchant ship or commercial aircraft, or of goods carried in such a ship or aircraft, by means of that ship or aircraft and the delivery thereof to the addressee by any person employed for the purpose by those merchants, so, however, that no payment or reward, profit or advantage whatsoever is given or received for the conveyance or delivery of the letters;

if) the sending, conveyance and delivery of letters by land by means of a common carrier, being letters concerning and for delivery with goods carried by him, so, however, that no .payment or reward, profit or advantage whatsoever is given or received for the conveyance or delivery of those letters:

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

395

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise any person to make a collection of letters for the purpose of their being sent or conveyed in any manner authorised by this subsection.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing subsection, the following persons are expressly forbidden to carry a letter or to receive, collect or deliver a letter, even if they receive no payment or reward for doing so, that is to say—

(a) except for such letters as are mentioned in paragraph (e)

of the last foregoing subsection, owners of, or any person on board, any ship or aircraft on a voyage or flight between, to or from places in the British postal area;

(b) except for such letters as are mentioned in paragraph (

of the last foregoing subsection, common carriers by land or their servants or agents;

(c) save as provided in section forty-four of this Act or

in section two of the Motor Vehicles and Road Traffic Act (Northern Ireland), 1930 (which relates to the conveyance of mails by public service vehicles in Northern Ireland), owners, drivers or conductors of public service vehicles:

Provided that this subsection shall not make unlawful the receipt, carriage or delivery of letters between places in the British postal area by any person which would otherwise be lawful by virtue of paragraph (a) or, if that person is a passenger, paragraph (b) or (c) of file last foregoing subsection.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression " letter " includes a packet, so, however, as not to include a newspaper or a parcel unless a communication not forming part of a newspaper is contained therein.

4.—(1) Without prejudice to subsection (3) of this section, if, save as permitted by or under this Act, any person does any of the following things, that is to say—

(a) sends or causes to be sent, or tenders or delivers in order

to be sent, or conveys, or performs any service incidental to conveying, otherwise than by post, any postal packets within the exclusive privilege of the Postmaster-General; or

(b) makes a collection of any such postal packets for the

purpose of conveying or despatching them either by post or otherwise,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds for every packet, whether the packet is sent or is intended to be sent singly or together with some other packet or thing, and if he is in the practice of doing any of the said things

N* 2

Infringement of Postmaster-General’s privilege.

396

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Postage to be charged on postal packets.

to an additional fine not exceeding one hundred pounds for every week during which the practice has continued.

(2) In any proceedings for the recovery of a fine under this section, it shall lie upon the person proceeded against to prove that the act in respect of which the fine is alleged to have been incurred was done lawfully.

(3) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this section, compliance with the last foregoing section shall be enforceable by civil proceedings by the Crown for an injunction or for any other appropriate relief.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland, for the reference to an injunction there shall be substituted a reference to an interdict.

General provisions as to transmission of postal packets

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this and any other Act, there shall be charged by the Postmaster-General for the use of Her Majesty in respect of postal packets which are conveyed or delivered for conveyance by post under the authority of the Postmaster-General such postage and other sums as the Treasury may by warrant provide:

Provided that—

(a) petitions and addresses forwarded to Her Majesty by post shall be exempt from postage;

(b) petitions and addresses to Her Majesty, and petitions addressed to either House of Parliament, sent by post to a member of either House of Parliament shall be exempt from postage if the petitions or addresses do not exceed thirty-two ounces in weight and are sent without covers or in covers open at the sides.

In the application of this subsection to Northern Ireland, the expression " Parliament " includes the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

(2) A warrant under this section may—

(a) fix or provide for the determination of the rates of post-

age and the other sums, if any, to be charged in respect of postal packets and postal facilities under this Act;

(b) make provision as to the scale of weights and the circumstances according to which those rates and sums are to be charged;

(c) confer upon the Postmaster-General power, with or with-

out the consent of the Treasury, to remit in whole or in part any postage or other sums chargeable in such cases or classes of cases as he may determine:

Provided that the inland letter rate shall not be less than one penny.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

397

6..—(1) Except as the Postmaster-General may otherwise General direct and subject to the provisions of this Act and any Post provisions Office regulations made thereunder, all postage and other sums chargeable in respect of postal packets by virtue of the last foregoing section shall be chargeable as stamp duties and the enactments relating to stamp duties shall apply accordingly:

Provided that, notwithstanding anything in those enactments, any person in the service or employment of the Post Office may sell postage stamps at any .place and in any manner without any licence or authority under those enactments.

(2) The Postmaster-General or the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may. under rules made by the Treasury or made with the sanction of the Treasury by the Postmaster-General or those Commissioners, stamp any paper sent to him or them for the purpose of being stamped as covers or envelopes of postal packets with stamps denoting the appropriate postage on payment of the amount of the stamps required to be impressed and, except where that amount exceeds ten pounds, of such further fee as the Treasury may direct.

(3) The Postmaster-General, in the exercise of any powers for the time being vested in him in relation to spoiled, unused or misused stamps, may make repayments or give other stamps in return for any spoiled, unused or misused stamps either of a value equal to the face value thereof or, if he thinks fit, of any less value.

(4) The marks used by the Postmaster General for the purpose of cancelling stamps used for the payment of postage on postal packets may consist of such words or devices as the Postmaster General may in his discretion think proper, including words or devices constituting advertisements in respect of the use of which as postmarks payment is made by any persons to the Postmaster General.

7.—(1) Where the postage or any other sum chargeable for Provisions as the transmission of an inland postal packet other than a telegram to postage, etc. is required to be prepaid and has not been, or has been in-sufficiently, prepaid by the sender, there shall be payable by the prepaid. addressee on the delivery of the packet, or, if the packet is refused or cannot for any other reason be delivered, by the sender—

(a) where the non-payment or deficiency is in respect of postage, an amount equal to double the amount of the postage or, as the case may be, of the deficiency;

(h) where the non-payment or deficiency is in respect of a

sum other than postage, an amount equal to that sum or, as the case may be, to the amount of the deficiency:

Provided that—

(i) in the case of a packet consisting of votes or parliamentary

proceedings, paragraph (a) of this subsection shall have

398

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 E. 2

Conditions of transit of postal packets.

effect, subject to such conditions, if any, as the Treasury may by warrant prescribe, as if the word "double" were omitted;

(ii) the Treasury may by warrant provide that, in the case of such other packets and subject to such conditions, if any, as may be prescribed in the warrant, such lesser amount than that specified in paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be payable as may be so prescribed.

(2) Where, on the delivery to him of an inland postal packet, the addressee has paid any amount thereon in accordance with the foregoing subsection and desires to reject the packet, the Postmaster-General may, on the application of the addressee and subject to Post Office regulations, charge to the sender the said amount together with the additional postage and other charges, if any, for returning the packet to him, and the sender shall pay any sum so charged; and on the payment by the sender of that sum the Postmaster-General shall repay to the addressee the amount paid by him under the foregoing subsection.

8.—(1) Post Office regulations may make provision as to—

(a) the time and mode of posting and delivery of postal

packets and of the payment of postage and other sums payable in respect thereof under this Act;

(b) the registration of, giving of receipts for, or giving or.

obtaining of certificates of posting or delivery of, any postal packet, and any sums to be paid in addition to postage for that registration, receipt or certificate;

(c) special conditions and regulations in respect of the

transmission by post of postal packets consisting of •books or papers (including letters to or from blind persons) impressed or otherwise prepared for the use of • the blind, or of paper posted to any person for the purpose of being so impressed or prepared, or of any article specially adapted for the use of the blind;

id)stamps and covers for postal packets;

ie) the form, dimensions and maximum weight of postal

packets;

if) what may be enclosed in postal packets;

ig)the use for making communications of packets not charged with postage as letters;

ih) the extent to which written matter may be permitted on the covers of postal packets and the character and position of that written matter;

(/) what circulars or commercial, legal or other documents shall be charged with oostage otherwise than as letters;

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

399

O') what matlcs or indications referring to the contents of a registered newspaper may be written or printed on the newspaper or on the cover thereof without causing the packet to be charged with postage as a letter;

(A) the postponement of the despatch or delivery from a post office of printed or sample packets or post-cards to avoid delay in the despatch or delivery of letters;

(/) the re-direction of postal packets and the transmission of postal packets so redirected either free of charge or subject to such postage or other charges as may be specified in the regulations;

(m) the disposal of postal packets in course of transmission by post in cases where it appears to the satisfaction of the Postmaster-General that the addressee is dead,

and otherwise as to the conditions, prohibitions and restrictions subject to which postal packets may be posted, forwarded, conveyed or delivered; and different regulations may be made for different cases or different circumstances.

(2) Save as provided in section nine of the Crown Proceedings Act, 1947, the registration of or giving of a receipt for a postal packet, or the giving or obtaining of a certificate of posting or delivery of a postal packet, shall not render the Crown in any manner liable for the loss of the packet or the contents thereof.

(3) If any postal packet is posted or sent by post in contravention of this Act or of any warrant or regulation made thereunder, the transmission thereof may be refused and the packet may, if necessary, be detained and opened in the post office and may be returned to the sender thereof or forwarded to its destination, subject in either case to any Post Office regulations as to additional postage or other charges, or may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of as the Postmaster-General may direct.

(4) Where for any reason any postal packet can neither be delivered nor be returned to the sender, that packet may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of as the Postmaster-General may direct.

9. If any question arises whether any postal packet is a Decision as to letter or any other description of postal packet within the packets, meaning of this Act or of any warrant or regulations made thereunder, the decision of the Postmaster-General thereon shall

be final.

10. —i(l) The Postmaster-General may conduct in accordance Cash on

with such provisions as may be contained in Post Office regu- deliYery lations a cash on delivery service in respect of— service.

(a) inland postal packets;

400

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

(b) postal packets transmitted between the British postal

area and a British postal agency or between such agencies;

(c) postal packets transmitted between the British postal

area or a British postal agency and any other country or place the postal administration of which has made an arrangement with the Postmaster-General for the purposes of this section.

(2) The regulations made for the purposes of this section may prescribe the terms on which and the conditions subject to which a cash on delivery packet may be posted, conveyed and delivered* and in particular may—

(a) authorise the Postmaster-General to withhold delivery

of such a packet until the sums payable in respect thereof have been paid; and

(b) provide for the remission to the senders of such packets

by means of money orders of the sums payable to them in respect of the packets.

(3) Where a cash on delivery packet is delivered in the British postal area or a British postal agency without the sums payable in respect thereof having been paid, the Postmaster-General may by notice in writing require the addressee within the time specified in the notice either to pay the said sums or to redeliver the packet intact to the Postmaster-General, and if the addressee fails to comply with the notice the Postmaster-General shall be entitled to recover the said sums as a debt due to him from the addressee.

(4) The provisions of this Act as to the recovery of postage or other sums payable in respect of a postal packet shall apply in relation to any sums payable in respect of a cash on delivery packet, and a certificate of the amount of any sum payable as last mentioned purporting to be signed by the Postmaster-General or on his behalf by an officer of the Post Office duly authorised by or under section eighty-three of this Act shall, in any legal proceedings for the recovery of any such sums, be sufficient proof of the facts stated therein unless the contrary is shown.

(5) In this section, the expression " cash on delivery service " means a service whereby the Postmaster-General or other postal administration undertakes at the request of the sender of a postal packet to collect, or secure the collection of, a sum of money on his behalf from the addressee as a condition of delivery; and the expression " cash on delivery packet " means a postal packet in respect of which such an undertaking as aforesaid is given.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

401

11. —(1) A person shall not send or attempt to send or procure to be sent a postal packet which—

(a) save as the Postmaster General may either generally or

in any particular case allow, encloses any explosive, dangerous, noxious or deleterious substance, any filth, any shaip instrument not properly protected, any noxious living creature, or any creature, article or thing whatsoever which is likely to injure either other postal packets in course of conveyance or an officer of the Post Office; or

(b) encloses any indecent or obscene print, painting, photo-

graph, lithograph, engraving, cinematograph film, book, card or written communication, or any indecent or obscene article whether similar to the above or not; or

(c) has on the packet, or on the cover thereof, any words,

marks or designs which are grossly offensive or of an indecent or obscene character.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of the foregoing subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months.

(3) Post Office regulations may be made for preventing the sending or delivery by post of any such articles as are mentioned in paragraph (b)or (c) of subsection (1) of this section or of any postal packet having thereon, or on the cover thereof, any words, marks or designs of a libellous character.

(4) The detention in the Post Office of any postal packet on the grounds of a contravention of this section or of any regulations made thereunder shall not exempt the sender thereof from any proceedings which might have been taken if the packet had been delivered in due course of post

12. —*(1) The proprietor or printer of any publication such as is specified in the next following section may register it in a register of newspapers kept for that purpose at the General Post Office in London in such form and with such particulars as the Postmaster-General may direct:

Provided that the Postmaster-General may refuse to permit the registration under this section of any publication printed and published outside the British postal area unless arrangements have been made to his satisfaction for maintaining a responsible representative of the publication in the United Kingdom.

(2) Any such registration shall be in respect of a period of twelve months commencing on such date in each year as the Postmaster-General may direct, and there shall be payable on each registration such fee not exceeding five shillings as may be prescribed by Post Office regulations.

Prohibition on sending by post of certain articles.

Registration of newspapers at Post Office.

402

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Publications registrable as newspapers.

Supplements to registered newspapers.

(3) A publication for the time being on the said register—

(a) shall be a registered newspaper within the meaning of

this Act and of any warrant made thereunder; and

(b) shall be a newspaper within the meaning of any arrange-

ment with the government or postal administration of any other country for securing advantages for newspapers sent by post.

(4) The Postmaster-General may from time to time revise the register kept under this section and remove therefrom any publication not registrable by virtue of the next following section.

(5) The decision of the Postmaster-General on the admission to or removal from the said register of a publication shall be final.

13. —(1) A publication shall be registrable under the last foregoing section as a newspaper if—

(a) it consists wholly of political or other news, or of articles

relating thereto or to other current topics, or mainly of such news or articles and- partly of advertisements; and

(b) it is printed and published in the British postal area or

some other part of Her Majesty’s dominions, or in a British protectorate or protected state, a mandated territory or a trust territory, or in India or the Republic of Ireland; and

(c) it is published in numbers at intervals of not more than

seven days; and

() it has the full title and the date of publication printed

at the top of the first page, and the whole or part of the title and the date of publication printed at the top of every subsequent page.

(2) A publication which is not registrable by virtue of the foregoing subsection by reason only of the proportion of advertisements to other matter therein shall nevertheless be registrable if it was stamped as a newspaper before the fifteenth day of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five.

14. A publication shall be deemed to be a supplement to, and be transmissible by post as, a registered newspaper if—

(a) it is published with a registered newspaper; and

(b) it consists wholly or mainly of matter like that of the newspaper, or of advertisements, printed on paper, or wholly or partly of pictorial matter illustrative of articles in the newspaper; and

(c) the whole or part of the title of the newspaper is printed

at the top of every page or at the top of every sheet or side on which any such pictorial matter appears; and

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

403

(d) all sheets of the publication are put together in some one part of the newspaper, whether gummed or stitched up with the newspaper or not:

Provided that Post Office regulations may modify the provisions of this section so far as they apply to a publication which consists wholly of pictorial matter illustrative of articles in the newspaper.

15. Where an arrangement has, either before or after the com- Power of mencement of this Act, been made by Her Majesty with the gov- Treasury to eminent of any other county or by the Postmaster-General with «ury "to any other postal administration with respect to the conveyance by

post of any postal packets between the British postal area and with other places outside that area, or between places outside that area, countries, whether through that area or not, the Treasury may by warrant make such regulations as may seem to them necessary for carrying the arrangement into effect, and may make provision as to the charges for the transit of postal packets, single or in bulk, the scale of weights to be adopted, and the accounting for and paying over to any other postal administration of any money received by the Postmaster-General.

16. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the enact-Application ments for the time being in force relating to customs shall apply of customs in relation to goods contained in postal packets to which this 1,0813 section applies brought into or sent out of the United Kingdom

by post from or to the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man or any place outside the British postal area as they apply in relation to goods otherwise imported, exported or removed into or out of the United Kingdom from or to any of those islands or any such place.

(2) The Treasury, on the recommendation of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise and the Postmaster-General, may by statutory instrument make regulations—

(a) for specifying the postal packets to which this section applies;

(b) for making modifications or exceptions in the application of the said enactments to such packets;

(c) for enabling officers of the Post Office to perform for

the purposes of the said enactments and otherwise all or any of the duties of the importer, exporter or person removing the goods;

() for carrying into effect any arrangement with the

government or postal administration of any other country with respect to foreign postal packets;

(e) for securing the observance of the said enactments and,

without prejudice to any liability of any person under

404

Ch. 36

Post Office

.Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Power to detain postal packets containing contraband.

those enactments, for punishing any contravention of the regulations; and different regulations may be made for foreign and inland postal packets respectively.

(3) The provisions of this Act as to the recovery of postage or other sums payable in respect of a postal packet shall apply in relation to any customs duty or other charges payable in respect of a postal packet to which this section applies, whether payable to Her Majesty or to the government of any country outside Her Majesty’s dominions, and a certificate of the amount of any such duty or other charges purporting to be signed by the Postmaster-General or on his behalf by an officer of the Post Office duly authorised by or under section eighty-three of this Act shall in any legal proceedings for the recovery of the duty or charges be sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein unless the contrary is shown.

(4) Without prejudice to section thirty-eight of the Interpreta-

tion Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeal and reenactment), sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1 of Part III of the Fifth Schedule to the Exchange Control Act, 1947, shall be construed as if— (

(a) any reference therein to section fourteen of the Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882, were a reference to this section; and

(b) the reference therein to section three of the Post Office (Amendment) Act, 1935, were a reference to paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section.

17.—(1) Without prejudice to the last foregoing section, the Postmaster-General may detain any postal packet suspected to contain any goods chargeable with any customs duty which has not been paid or secured or any goods in the course of importation, exportation or removal into or out of the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man contrary to any prohibition or restriction for the time being in force with respect thereto under or by virtue of any enactment and may forward the packet to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

(2) Where any postal packet has been forwarded to the said Commissioners under this section they may—

(a) in the presence of the person to whom the packet is

addressed; or

(b) if, after notice in writing from them requiring his

attendance left at or forwarded by post to the address on the packet, the addressee fails to attend, or if the address on the packet is outside the British postal area, then in his absence, open and examine the packet.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

405

(3) Where the said Commissioners open and examine a postal packet under this section, then—

(> if they find any such goods as aforesaid they may detain the packet and its contents for the purpose of taking proceedings with respect thereto;

(6) if they find no such goods, they shall either deliver the packet to the addressee upon his paying any postage and other sums chargeable thereon or, if he is absent, forward the packet to him by post.

18. —(1) All postage and other sums payable under this Act in respect of postal packets may be recovered as a debt due to the Crown.

(2) Where dny sum not exceeding twenty pounds is due from any person for postage or in respect of postal packets, that sum may, without prejudice to any other mode of recovery, be recovered in England, Wales or Northern Ireland summarily as a civil debt.

19. —(1) The official mark of any sum on any postal packet as due in respect of that packet, whether the mark is the mark of the Post Office or of any other postal administration and whether the sum is marked as being due to the Postmaster-General or otherwise, shall in every court in the British postal area be sufficient proof of the liability of the packet to the sum so marked unless the contrary is shown, and the sum shall be recoverable in any such court as postage due to Her Majesty.

(2) In any proceedings for the recovery of postage or other sums due in respect of postal packets, die production of the packet in respect of which any such postage or sum is sought to be recovered having thereon a stamp or other endorsement of the Post Office or any other postal administration indicating that the packet has been refused or rejected or is unclaimed or cannot for any other reason be delivered, shall be sufficient proof of the fact indicated unless the contrary is shown.

(3) In any such proceedings as aforesaid, a certificate purporting to be signed by the Postmaster-General or on his behalf by an officer of the Post Office duly authorised by or under section eighty-three of this Act that any mark, stamp or endorsement is such a mark, stamp or endorsement as is mentioned in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be sufficient proof thereof unless the contrary is shown.

(4) In any such proceedings as aforesaid, the person from whom any postal packet in respect of which any postage or sum is sought to be recovered purports to have come shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to be the sender of the packet

Recovery of postage.

Post Office mark evidence of amount of postage, etc.

406

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Money orders.

Special provisions as to postal orders.

Money orders

20. —(1) So long as the Treasury think fit, the Postmaster* General may provide for the remission of small sums of money through post offices established by him by means of money orders, and may demand and receive for the use of Her Majesty in respect of those money orders such rates of poundage as may be fixed by Post Office regulations, and all poundage so received shall be deemed to be part of the Post Office revenue.

(2) Post Office regulations may make provision with respect to money orders, and to the payment thereof, and to the persons by or to whom they are to be paid, and the times and places at which and otherwise as to the mode in which they are to be paid.

(3) Subject to the said regulations, the Postmaster-General may repay the amount of any money order to the person to whom the order is issued, or his executors or administrators, whether the order remains in the possession of that person or not, and upon that repayment all liability on the part of the Postmaster-General, or any officer of the Post Office, or the Post Office revenue, or the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the money order shall, as against the payee of the money order and the holder thereof and every other person whomsoever, cease.

(4) No interest shall be payable in respect of any money order.

(5) No action or other legal proceeding shall be instituted against the Crown or against any officer of the Post Office or any person whomsoever in respect of any compliance with the said regulations, or otherwise in relation thereto, or in respect of the payment of any such money orders being refused or delayed by or on account of any accidental neglect, omission or mistake by or on the part of any officer of the Post Office, or for any other cause whatsoever, without fraud or wilful misbehaviour on the part of any officer of the Post Office.

21. —(1) The Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, may authorise his officers or any of them to issue money orders in a special form to be prescribed from time to time by him, and those money orders (in this Act referred to as " postal orders ") shall be paid in the manner and subject to the conditions prescribed by Post Office regulations and the amounts for which they may be issued and the poundage payable in respect thereof shall be such as may be so prescribed:

Provided that—

(a) the poundage payable in respect of a postal order for an amount not exceeding twenty-one shillings shall not exceed threepence; ib) after the expiration of such period after the date of the issue of a postal order as may be prescribed by Post Office regulations, the order shall be payable only on

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

407

payment in manner prescribed by the regulations of a commission equal to the amount of the original poundage.

(2) If the regulations so provide, the Postmaster-General may authorise any person holding office under the Crown to issue postal orders, and a person so authorised shall, for the purpose of the issue and payment of postal orders, be deemed to be an officer of the Postmaster-General and of the Post Office within the meaning of this Act.

(3) Any person acting as a banker in the British postal area who, in collecting in that capacity for any principal, has received payment or been allowed by the Postmaster-General in account in respect of any postal order, or of any document purporting to be a postal order, shall not incur liability to anyone except that principal by reason of having received the payment or allowance or having held or presented the order or document for payment; but this subsection shall not relieve any principal for whom any such order or document has been so held or presented of any liability in respect of his possession of the order or document or of the proceeds thereof.

(4) The enactments relating to the punishment of offences connected with stamp duties (including the enactments relating to the punishment of fraud) shall apply in like manner as if any poundage or commission chargeable for a postal order were stamp duty, and for the purposes of this subsection sections fourteen and fifteen of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891 (being provisions applicable to Scotland which relate to paper used for stamp duties and implements used in the manufacture of that paper) shall have effect as if the paper used for postal orders were paper provided by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for receiving the impression of a die.

(5) The last foregoing subsection shall apply to the Channel Islands and to the Isle of Man as if the enactments therein mentioned extended to those islands in like manner as they extend to Scotland.

22.—(1) If any officer of the Post Office grants or issues any money order with a fraudulent intent, he shall be guilty of felony and be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years.

(2) If any officer of the Post Office re-issues a money order previously paid, he shall be deemed to have issued the order with a fraudulent intent for the purposes of this section.

Issuing money orders with fraudulent intent.

408

Forgery and stealing of money orders.

Arrangements with other countries as to money orders.

Outward bound ships.

Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Act, 1953

23. —(1) A money order shall be deemed to be an order for the payment of money and a valuable security within the meaning of this Act and of the Forgery Act, 1913, and of the Larceny Act, 1916, and of any other enactment relating to forgery or stealing which is for the time being in force in any part of the British postal area.

(2) If any person with intent to defraud obliterates, adds to or alters any such lines or words on a money order as would, in the case of a cheque, be a crossing of that cheque, or knowingly offers, utters or disposes of any money order with such fraudulent obliteration, addition or alteration, he shall be guilty of felony and be liable to the like punishment as if the order were a cheque.

24. Where an arrangement is made with a government or postal administration of any other country for the transmission of small sums through post offices under the charge of the Postmaster-General and the postal administration of the other country by means of money orders, the four last foregoing sections shall, so far as is consistent with the tenor thereof, and subject to any modifications prescribed by Post Office regulations, apply in like manner as if an order issued in pursuance of the arrangement, whether by an officer of the Post Office or by an officer of the other postal administration, were a money order within the meaning of those sections:

Provided that—

(a) any Post Office regulations relating to any money orders

issued in pursuance of any such arrangement as aforesaid may differ from the regulations relating to any other money orders; and

(b) any money orders issued in pursuance of any such arrangements as aforesaid may be of such amount and in such form and subject to such conditions respecting poundage, commission, the periods during which they are payable, and other matters, as may be prescribed by Post Office regulations.

Conveyance of mail bags by ships and aircraft

25.—(1) Every master of a ship outward bound shall receive on board his ship every mail bag tendered to him by an officer of the Post Office for conveyance, and having received it shall deliver it, on arriving at the port or place of his destination, without delay.

(2) If the master of any such ship fails to comply with this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

409

26. —(1) The three next following subsections shall apply inward bound in relation to a ship or aircraft inward bound carrying any postal s*"ps and packets within the exclusive privilege of the Postmaster-General,aircraft*

not being packets to which the next following section applies.

(2) The master of the ship or commander of the aircraft shall collect all such postal packets on board his ship or aircraft and enclose them in some bag or other covering sealed with his seal and addressed to the Postmaster-General and shall without delay deliver them to the proper officer of the Post Office demanding them or, if no demand is made by that officer, then at the post office with which he can first communicate.

(3) If the master of the ship or the commander of the aircraft does not duly comply with the provisions of the last foregoing subsection he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(4) The master of the ship or commander of the aircraft shall not break bulk on board his ship or aircraft in any port or place before he has complied with the provisions of subsection (2) of this section and if he does so he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(5) An officer of customs and excise may refuse to permit bulk to be broken on board any inward bound ship or aircraft until he is satisfied that any postal packets brought in that ship or aircraft which are required to be delivered under subsection (2) of this section have been so delivered.

(6) An officer of customs and excise may search any inward bound ship or aircraft for, and seize, any postal packets within the exclusive privilege of the Postmaster-General and forward any such packets seized to the nearest post office; and subsection

(3) of section eight of this Act shall apply in relation to any packet so forwarded.

27. —(1) The two next following subsections shall apply to any letter addressed to the owner, charterer or consignee of a ship or aircraft inward bound or to the owner, consignee or shipper of any goods carried in such a ship or aircraft, being a letter which, not being excepted from the exclusive privilege of the Postmaster-General, complies with the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that the addressee is described in the address or super-

scription on the letter as such owner, charterer, consignee or shipper; and

(b) in the case of a letter addressed to an owner, consignee

or shipper of goods, that it also appears by the ship’s manifest or by the manifest and declaration of the aircraft that the addressee has goods on board the ship or aircraft.

410 Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

, 1953

(2) Any such letter required to be delivered to a person at the place of arrival of the ship or aircraft shall be delivered to that person by the master of the ship or the commander of the aircraft free of inland postage and that person shall be entitied to the delivery thereof before the delivery of any other postal packets to the Post Office.

(3) Any such letter required to be delivered to a person at any other place in the British postal area shall be delivered by post on payment of inland postage only.

(4) If any person with intent to evade any postage falsely superscribes any letter as being for the owner, charterer or consignee of the ship or aircraft conveying the letter or for the owner, consignee or shipper of goods carried in that ship or aircraft, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

Retention of 28. If any person, being the master or commander, one of postal packets the officers or crew, or a passenger, of a ship or aircraft inward after delWery^ bound, knowingly has in his baggage or in his possession or to Post Office, custody any postal packet, except a postal packet not within the exclusive privilege of the Postmaster-General, after the master of the ship or commander of the aircraft has sent any part of the postal packets on board the ship or aircraft to the Post Office, he shall for every such packet be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds; and if he detains any such packet after demand made either by an officer of customs and excise or by any person authorised by the Postmaster-General to demand the postal packets on board the ship or aircraft, he shall for every postal packet detained be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

Carriage of parcels by coasting ships.

29.—(1) Without prejudice to section forty-two of this Act, in the case of any mechanically-propelled ship which carries on regular communications between a port in the United Kingdom and any other port or place in the United Kingdom, or which is a home-trade ship within the meaning of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894, not being a ship owned or worked by railway undertakers, the Postmaster-General may require the person by whom that ship is owned or worked to carry parcels in that ship.

(2) The remuneration for any services rendered by a ship under this section shall be determined by agreement between the Postmaster-General and the person owning or working the ship or, in default of agreement, by the Transport Tribunal; and any remuneration so determined shall be paid direct to that person.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

411

30. Without prejudice to the last foregoing section. Post Office regulations may provide for the allowance to owners or masters of ships or owners or commanders of aircraft in respect of postal packets or any description thereof conveyed by them on behalf of the Post Office, and also to pilots, crew and others in respect of postal packets or any description thereof brought by them to any post office from any ship or aircraft, of such gratuities under such conditions and restrictions as the Postmaster-General may from time to time think fit.

31. —(1) Nothing in any enactment passed after the twenty-eighth day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-five which incorporates the Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, and nothing in any scheme or order made under or confirmed by any such enactment, shall extend to charge with rates or duties, or to regulate or subject to any control, any ship employed by or under the authority of the Postmaster-General for the conveyance under contract of postal packets as defined by this Act, not being a ship also conveying passengers or goods for hire or reward, or any mail bag as so defined conveyed by any such ship or by any other ship whatsoever.

(2) The said Act of 1847, as incorporated with any such enactment, scheme or order as aforesaid, shall accordingly have effect as if in section twenty-eight thereof for the words from " or any packet boat " to " any such packet boat or packet " there were substituted the words " or any vessel employed by or under the authority of the Postmaster-General for the conveyance under contract of postal packets as defined by the Post Office Act, 1953, not being a vessel also conveying passengers or goods for hire or reward, or any mail bag as so defined conveyed by any such vessel.,

32. —(1) If the master of a ship or the commander of an aircraft—

(a) opens a sealed mail bag with which he is entrusted

for conveyance; or

(b) takes out of a mail bag with which he is entrusted for

conveyance any postal packet or other thing,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding two hundred pounds.

(2) If any person to whom postal packets have been entrusted by the master of a ship or the commander of an aircraft to deliver to the Post Office, breaks the seal, or in any manner wilfully opens them, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Remuneration of owners and masters or commanders of ships or aircraft.

Exemption of certain ships from harbour rates etc.

Penalty for opening of mail bag by master or commander of ship or aircraft.

412

Ch. 36

1 & 2 ELiz. 2

Post Office

Act, 1953

Power to require provision of regular mail trains.

Additional provisions as to regular mail train services.

Conveyance of mail bags by railway undertakers

33. —(1) The Postmaster-General may by notice in writing require any railway undertakers, as from the day specified in the notice (being not less than twenty-eight days from the service thereof), to convey either by ordinary trains or, if necessary, by special trains, at such times as the Postmaster-General may direct, all mail bags tendered to the undertakers, together with any officers of the Post Office accompanying those mail bags.

(2) Any railway undertakers on whom any such notice is served shall, as from the day specified therein, provide at then-own cost such vehicles attached to ordinary trains, or, as the case may be, such special trains, as may be sufficient for the conveyance of mail bags to the satisfaction of the Postmaster-General (in this Act referred to as " regular mail trains ") and shall in all respects comply with the notice, and shall receive, take up, deliver and leave any such mail bags and officers of the Post Office as aforesaid at such places on the railway, on such days, at such times in the day, and subject to all such reasonable requirements and restrictions as to speed of travelling, places, times and duration of stoppages, and times of arrival, as the Postmaster-General may from time to time direct.

(3) The rate of speed of any regular mail train shall not be altered unless six months’ notice of the intended alteration has been given to the Postmaster-General.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the two last foregoing subsections, a regular mail train shall not be required to travel at any time on any part of a railway at a speed in excess of the maximum speed for the time being prescribed by the railway undertakers for the safe running of trains on that part of the railway.

34. —(1) The Postmaster-General may, if he thinks fit, in relation to any regular mail train—

(a) require that the whole of the inside of any vehicle used

for the conveyance of mail bags shall be exclusively appropriated for that purpose;

(b) where the train is a special train, require by notice in

writing that the whole of the train shall be appropriated to the service of the Post Office to the exclusion of all other traffic except such as he may sanction.

(2) The Postmaster-General may require any railway undertakers to provide and equip separate vehicles fitted up as the Postmaster-General may direct for the purpose of sorting postal packets therein (in this Act referred to as " sorting carriages "), and the railway undertakers shall attach sorting carriages to such regular mail trains as the Postmaster-General may direct.

(3) Where the Postmaster-General desires to send mail bags, together with any officers of the Post Office accompanying them, by any railway in Her Majesty’s vehicles instead of in vehicles

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

413

provided by the railway undertakers, the railway undertakers shall, at the request of the Postmaster-General, cause those vehicles, together with any officers of the Post Office and mail bags carried therein, to be conveyed by the usual or proper trucks or frames on their railway.

(4) The royal arms shall be painted on the outside of every sorting carriage instead of any other marking prescribed by law in respect of railway vehicles; but the want of the royal arms on any vehicle belonging to or used by the Post Office shall not form an objection to the running of that vehicle on any railway.

(5) For the greater security of mail bags conveyed by regular mail trains, the railway undertakers shall comply with such reasonable directions respecting the conveyance, delivery and leaving of mail bags and officers of the Post Office accompanying them and vehicles used for the conveyance thereof as the Postmaster-General may from time to time give, and the undertakers shall be responsible for any failure on the part of their officers or servants to comply with any such directions:

Provided that no officer of the Post Office shall interfere with or give orders to an engine driver or other person having charge of a railway engine, but if any cause of complaint arises it shall be stated to the officer of the railway undertakers having charge of the train or to the chief officer of the undertakers on duty at any station upon the railway.

35. Railway undertakers shall be entitled to be paid by the Remuneration Postmaster-General such reasonable remuneration for any regular for regular mail train services performed by them under this Act as may be

agreed between the Postmaster-General and the undertakers or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by the Transport Tribunal :

Provided that the performance of any such services shall not be suspended, postponed or deferred by reason only that the remuneration to be paid for the services has not been either agreed or determined as aforesaid.

36. —(1) Notwithstanding any agreement or award as to the Alteration of remuneration to be paid by the Postmaster-General to any rail- regular mail way undertakers for any regular mail train services performed bytram them, the Postmaster-General may, by notice in writing—

(a) require the undertakers, as from the day specified in the notice (being not less than twenty-eight days from the service thereof), to render such additional services as may be specified therein; or

(b) direct that, as from the day specified in the notice, those services or such part thereof as may be so specified shall be discontinued.

414

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Review of agreements and awards as to regular mail train services.

(2) As from the day specified in any such notice, any agreement or award as to remuneration for the regular mail train services provided by the railway undertakers shall cease to have effect, and the remuneration to be paid for any such services performed on or after that day as increased or reduced by such a requirement or direction as aforesaid shall be such as may be fixed by a new agreement between the Postmaster-General and die undertakers or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by the Transport Tribunal:

Provided that the provision of any services as so increased or reduced shall not be suspended, postponed or deferred by reason only that the remuneration to be paid therefor has not been either agreed or determined as aforesaid.

(3) Where any dispute as to remuneration is referred to the Transport Tribunal under the last foregoing subsection, that tribunal may award any compensation they consider reasonable to be paid to the railway undertakers for any loss that may be occasioned to the undertakers by the alteration or discontinuance of the services previously performed by them by means of any train or vehicle specially required by the Postmaster-General to be forwarded for the conveyance of mail bags.

(4) Where the day specified in any notice given under this section for the discontinuance in whole or in part of any regular mail train services is less than six months from the service of the notice, then, if the services are directed to be discontinued without cause stated or for any stated cause other than the default of the undertakers in the performance of any of the services required of them by the Postmaster-General or the breach by the undertakers of any agreement with the Postmaster^General, the Postmaster-General shall pay to the undertakers such full and fair compensation for all loss occasioned by the discontinuance as may be agreed between the Postmaster-General and the undertakers or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by the Transport Tribunal.

37. Where any agreement or award fixing the amount of remuneration to be paid to any railway undertakers for regular mail train services performed by them has been in force for a period of three years, the undertakers may, if they consider themselves aggrieved by the terms fixed by the agreement or award, by notice under their common seal require that the agreement or award shall be referred to the Transport Tribunal in order that it may be determined whether any and if so what alteration ought to be made therein:

Provided that the provision of any regular mail train services shall not be interrupted or impeded by reason of any such reference to the Transport Tribunal.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

415

38. —(1) Railway undertakers shall, whether or not any Conveyance notice requiring the provision of regular mail trains has been of mail bags given to them by the Postmaster-General under this Act, convey h^railway by any train all mail bags tendered to them for conveyance by thanasHpart that train, whether or not those mail bags are accompanied by of regular an officer of the Post Office, and shall afford all reasonable mail train facilities for the receipt and delivery of mail bags at any of services, their stations without requiring them to be booked or interposing

any other delay, and where the mail bags are accompanied by an officer of the Post Office shall permit that officer to receive and deliver them at any station and render him such assistance as he may require.

(2) Railway undertakers shall be entitled to be paid by the Postmaster-General such reasonable remuneration for any services performed by them under the foregoing subsection as may be agreed between the Postmaster-General and the undertakers or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by the Transport Tribunal.

(3) The Postmaster-General may send any officer of the Post Office with mail bags not exceeding the weight of luggage allowed to any other passenger (or subject to the general rules of the railway undertakers for any excess of that weight) by any passenger train upon the same conditions as any other passenger; and in that case the undertakers shall not be responsible for the safe custody or delivery of the mail bags.

39. Railway undertakers shall not make any byelaws, orders. Bye-laws, etc. rules or regulations which militate against or are contrary or (JiSltSere repugnant to any of the provisions of this Act relating to the 1111 rs‘ conveyance of mails by railway, and if any railway undertakers

make any such byelaws, orders, rules or regulations, whether before or after the Postmaster-General has signified his intention that mail bags or vehicles for their carriage shall be conveyed by their railway, the byelaws, orders, rules or regulations shall, so far as they militate against or are contrary or repugnant to any of the said provisions, be void.

40. Any notice authorised to be served by the Postmaster- Service of

General on railway undertakers under this Act may be served !Sw!ion either- SSXton.

(a) by delivering it to any director of the railway under-

taking or to the secretary or clerk thereof or, in the case of the British Transport Commission, to such person as the Commission may have appointed in that behalf or, in default of any such appointment, to the secretary thereof; or

(b) by leaving it at any station belonging to the undertakers.

416

Offences relating to conveyance of mails by railway.

Conveyance of mail bags on ships used by railway undertakers.

Extension of meanin g of expression * railway.’*

Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Act, 1953

41. If any railway undertakers—

(a) refuse or neglect to convey any mail bags tendered to them for that purpose by any officer of the Post Office;

(b) refuse to convey on their railway any sorting carriiage or other vehicle when required so to do by the Postmaster-General under the provisions of this Act;

(c) refuse or neglect to receive, take up, deliver or have

any mail bags, officers of the Post Office, sorting carriages or other vehicles at such places, at such times, on such days, and subject to such reasonable requirements and restrictions as to speed of travelling, places, times, and duration of stoppages, as the Postmaster-General may direct; or

() fail to observe such directions respecting the conveyance of mail bags, sorting carriages and other vehicles on their railway as the Postmaster-General may give,

the undertakers shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

42. Where railway undertakers—

(a) own or work; or

(b) are parties to any arrangement for using, maintaining

or working,

any mechanically-propelled ship for the purpose of carrying on communications between any towns or ports, whether situated in the British postal area or not, the provisions of this Act relating to the conveyance by railway of mail bags and any officers of the Post Office accompanying them shall, subject to the necessary modifications, extend to the conveyance of mail bags and any such officers by that ship:

Provided that, without prejudice to section twenty-nine of this Act, paragraph (b) of this section shall not apply in relation to the conveyance of parcels.

43. —(1) For the purposes of this Act the expression "railway" includes any tramroad or tramway authorised by any enactment passed after the first day of January, eighteen hundred and ninety-three which is not a tramway within the meaning of the next following section.

(2) A tramroad or tramway shall be deemed to be authorised as aforesaid if its construction was first authorised or the time for its construction was extended by an enactment passed after the date aforesaid.

(3) In this section the expression " enactment " includes any order confirmed by an Act of Parliament and a certificate granted under the Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864.

1953 Post Office Ch. 36 417

Act, 1953

Conveyance of mail bags by tramways and public service vehicles

44.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following sec-Power to tion, the Postmaster-General may by notice in writing require—

(a) any tramway undertakers to whom this section applies, tramways and

in respect of any tramway owned or worked by them;

(b) the British Transport Commission in respect of any chides.

services of public service vehicles provided by them;

(c) any local authority in Great Britain authorised to run public service vehicles under Part V of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, in respect of services of such vehicles on any route authorised under the said Part V,

to perform such reasonable services with regard to the conveyance of mail bags as the Postmaster-General may from time to time direct.

(2) The remuneration for any services performed in pursuance of this section shall be such as may be from time to time determined by agreement between the Postmaster-General and the person performing the services or, in default- of agreement, by the Transport Tribunal.

(3) In the case of a tramway upon which goods as well as passengers and parcels are carried, the provisions of this Act relating to the conveyance by railway of mail bags and any officers of the Post Office accompanying them shall, subject to the provisions of the next following section, apply in like manner as if the tramway were a railway.

(4) The tramway undertakers to whom this section applies are undertakers authorised by an enactment passed after the first day of January, eighteen hundred and ninety-three to carry on a tramway undertaking, and undertakers shall be deemed to be so authorised if the construction of the tramway was first authorised or the time for its construction was extended by an enactment passed after the date aforesaid.

(5) For the purposes of this and the next following section—

(a) the expression " tramway " means a tramway authorised by any enactment to be constructed wholly along public roads or streets without any deviation therefrom;

(b) the expression " enactment " includes any order confirmed by an Act of Parliament and a certificate granted under the Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864.

o

418

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Additional provisions as to conveyance of mail bags by tramways and public service vehicles.

Holding of land by Postmaster-General.

45.—(1) Where any tramway vehicle or, in Great Britain, any public service vehicle is conveying or intended to convey passengers only and not goods or parcels, nothing in the last foregoing section shall authorise the Postmaster-General to require mail bags to be conveyed therein either—

(a) unaccompanied by an officer of the Post Office travel-

ling as a passenger; or

(b) in excess of the maximum weight for the time being

fixed for the luggage of ordinary passengers.

(2) Where any tramway vehicle is conveying or intended to convey parcels only, nothing in the last foregoing section shall authorise the Postmaster-General to require mail bags to be carried therein in excess of such maximum weight as is for the time being fixed for ordinary parcels, or, if that maximum appears to the Postmaster-General to be so low as to exclude him from availing himself of the use of any such vehicle, then as is for the time being fixed by agreement or, in default of agreement, by the Transport Tribunal.

(3) Where any tramway vehicle or, in Great Britain, any public service vehicle is conveying or intended to convey both parcels and passengers but not goods, nothing in the last foregoing section shall authorise the Postmaster-General to require mail bags to be carried therein in excess of the maximum weight for the time being fixed for ordinary parcels, or for the luggage of ordinary passengers, whichever is the greater.

(4) Mail bags carried in a tramway vehicle conveying passengers or, in Great Britain, in a public service vehicle shall be so carried as not to inconvenience the passengers, so, however, that the custody of the mail bags by any officer of the Post Office accompanying them shall not be interfered with.

(5) Nothing in this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section two of the Motor Vehicles and Road Traffic Act (Northern Ireland), 1930 (which relates to the conveyance of mails by public service vehicles in Northern Ireland).

Land

46.—(1) For the purpose of acquiring and holding land the Postmaster-General for the time being shall be a corporation sole by the name of Her Majesty’s Postmaster-General, and by that name shall have perpetual succession and an official seal.

(2) All land vested in the Postmaster-General shall be held in trust for Her Majesty for the purposes of the Post Office.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

419

(3) In this and the three next following sections the expression " land " includes any estate or interest in or over land and in the application of the said sections to Scotland—

(a) any reference to the acquisition or disposal of land

includes a reference to the acquisition or disposal of land by feu;

(b) any reference to exchange includes a reference to

excamb or excambion;

(c) for any reference to an easement there shall be sub-

stituted a reference to a servitude.

47.—(1) The Postmaster-General may, with the consent of the Treasury, acquire land for the purposes of the Post Office by purchase, exchange, lease, gift or in any other manner whatsoever.

(2) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to any acquisition of land in the United Kingdom under the foregoing subsection.

(3) The Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster may, if they think fit, agree with the Postmaster-General for the sale, and absolutely make sale, for such sum of money as appears to the said Chancellor and Council to be sufficient consideration for the same, of any land belonging to Her Majesty in right of the said duchy which the Postmaster-General may deem it expedient, with the consent of the Treasury, to purchase for the purposes of the Post Office, and the land may be assured to the Postmaster-General and the money shall be paid and dealt with as if the land had been sold under the authority of the Duchy of Lancaster Lands Act, 1855.

(4) In the application of this section to the Isle of Man, any question as to whether any other land is injuriously affected by the use by the Postmaster-General of any land acquired by him thereunder, or as to the amount of compensation payable in respect of any such injurious affection, shall, notwithstanding that the land acquired may not have been compulsorily acquired, be determined by arbitration under and in accordance with the Public Authorities Acquisition of Land Apts, 1923 to 1948 (being Acts of the legislature of the Isle of Man) unless the parties agree on some other method of determination.

(5) Nothing in this section shall prejudice any right conferred on the Postmaster-General by the Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945, the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, or the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, to acquire land compulsorily.

Power of Postmaster-General to acquire land.

420

Power of Postmaster-General to dispose of land.

Consent of Treasury to acquisition or disposal of land.

Indemnity on account of extending Post Office accommodation.

Power of local authority to contribute towards new post office or extra postal facilities.

Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Buz. 2

Act, 1953

48. —(1) The Postmaster-General may, with the consent of the Treasury, sell, exchange, lease, or surrender on any terms, any land for the time being vested in him, or may dedicate any such land by deed for the use of the public (whether as a highway or otherwise), and on any such exchange may give or receive any money for equality of exchange, and may sell either by public auction or by private contract, and may make any stipulations, as to title or otherwise, in any conditions of sale or contract for sale or exchange, and may buy in at any auction, and may rescind or vary any contract for sale or exchange, and may resell or re-exchange any such land.

(2) On any sale, exchange, lease, surrender or dedication, the Postmaster-General may stipulate for, create or reserve all such rights or easements as may be deemed proper.

49. —(1) The consent of the Treasury to the acquisition, sale, exchange, lease, surrender or dedication of land by the Postmaster-General may be given either generally for any class of case or for any particular transaction.

(2) A person dealing with the Postmaster-General in respect of land or rights in or over land, whether as vendor, lessor, purchaser, lessee or otherwise, shall not be bound or entitled to enquire whether the consent of the Treasury has been given to that or any other dealing, or whether that or any other dealing is in fact authorised by any Act relating to the Post Office.

Extension of postal facilities and accommodation

50. The Postmaster-General may contract with, or take security from, any person applying to him to establish any post or telegraph office, or to extend the accommodations of the postal or telegraphic services to any place, for indemnifying the Postmaster-General against any loss he may sustain thereby, and the indemnity may be either for the whole or any part of the loss sustained, and for such time as the Postmaster-General may think necessary.

51. —(1) Where the council of any borough or urban district consider that it would be beneficial to the inhabitants of the borough or district that any new post office should be on a more expensive site, or of a larger size, or of a more ornate building, or otherwise of a more expensive character than the Postmaster-General would otherwise provide, the council may contribute towards the new post office, either by a grant of money or, with the consent of the Minister of Housing and Local Government, by the appropriation of land belonging to the council or by the purchase of land for the purpose.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

421

(2) Where the council of any borough or urban district consider that it would be beneficial to the inhabitants of the borough or district that any post or telegraph office should be established, or any additional postal or other facilities should be provided, by the Postmaster-General in or for the purposes of the borough or district, the council may undertake to pay to the Postmaster-General any loss he may sustain by reason of the establishment or maintenance of the office or the provision of the facilities.

(3) Where the council of any rural district, or the parish council of a parish, or in the case of a parish not having a parish council the parish meeting, consider that it would be for the benefit, in the case of a rural district council, of any contributory place or places within their district or, in the case of a parish council or parish meeting, of their parish, that any post or telegraph office should be established, or any additional postal or other facilities should be provided, by the Postmaster-General whether within or without the area to be benefited, that council or meeting may undertake to pay to the Postmaster-General any loss he may sustain by reason of the establishment or maintenance of the office or the provision of the facilities; and any expenses incurred by a rural district council in pursuance of such an undertaking may be defrayed as special expenses chargeable on the contributory place or places to be benefited:

Provided that a rural district council shall not exercise their powers under this subsection as respects an office established or facilities provided outside a contributory place proposed to be charged unless the parish council, or if there is no parish council the parish meeting, of any parish wholly or partly situated in the contributory place consent to the exercise of the powers.

(4) The council of a borough or urban district may borrow for the purposes of subsection (1) of this section.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall, in their application to Scotland, have effect subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for the reference to the Minister of Housing and Local Government there shall be substituted a reference to the Secretary of State; for references to a borough or urban district and to the council thereof there shall be respectively substituted references to a burgh and to the town council thereof; for references to a rural district and to the council thereof there shall be respectively substituted references to a county and to the county council thereof; for references to a parish council and to a parish there shall be respectively substituted references

Post Office 1 & 2 Eiiz. 2

of, 1953

to a district council and to the district of such a council; for any reference to a contributory place iliere shall be substituted a reference to such a district; and references to parish meetings shall be omitted;

subsection (2), and subsection (3) from the words ‘ and any " onwards, shall be omitted;

any expenses incurred by a county council in pursuance of an undertaking given under subsection (3) shall be defrayed out of a rate levied only in the district of the district council in respect of which the expenses are incurred;

nothing in subsection (3) shall authorise the establishment of an office or the provision of facilities outside the area to be benefited.

(6) This section shall, in its application to Northern Ireland, have effect subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for the reference in subsection (1) to the Minister of

Housing and Local Government there shall be substituted a reference to the Ministry of Health and Local Government for Northern Ireland;

(b) so much of subsection (3) as relates to the powers of

parish councils and parish meetings, and the words in that subsection from "and any" onwards, shall be omitted; and the powers under that subsection of a rural district council shall be limited to the establishment of offices and the provision of facilities within the place to be benefited;

(c) any expenses incurred under this section by the council

of a borough may be paid out of the borough fund or borough rate;

(d) any expenses incurred under this section by the council of an urban district other than a borough may be paid out of the rate out of which the general expenses of the council under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, are defrayed;

(e) any expenses incurred by a rural district council in pursuance of an undertaking under this section may be defrayed as expenses legally incurred in respect of the contributory place or places and shall be apportioned between those places, if more than one, and sections two hundred and thirty-two and two hundred and thirty-three of the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, shall apply accordingly;

(/) subsection (4) shall be omitted.

422 Ch. 36

(b)

(c)

ft

I ()

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

423

(7) This section shall, in its application to the Isle of Man. have effect subject to the following modifications:—

(a) for the reference in subsection (1) to the Minister of Housing and Local Government there shall be substituted a reference to the Isle of Man Local Government Board; and for the references in that subsection to a borough or urban district and to the council thereof there shall be respectively substituted references to a local government district and to the local authority;

(b) any expenses incurred under subsection (1) may be paid as expenses of the local authority out of the district fund, and any money may be borrowed for the purposes of this section in the same manner and subject to the same conditions as if those purposes were purposes of the Local Government Acts, 1916 to 1952, being Acts of the legislature of the Isle of Man, or any other Act of that legislature amending those Acts;

(c) subsections (2) to (4) shall be omitted.

C b) steals any postal packet in course of transmission by post;

(c) steals any chattel, money or valuable security out of a

postal packet in course of transmission by post; or

() stops a mail with intent to rob or search the mail,

he shall be guilty of felony and be liable to imprisonment for life or for any shorter term.

53. If any person unlawfully takes away or opens a mail bag Unlawfully sent by any ship, vehicle or aircraft employed by or under thetaking Post Office for the transmission of postal packets under contract, jJJaiJbag!18 or unlawfully takes a postal packet in course of transmission by

post out of a mail bag so sent, he shall be guilty of felony and be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding fourteen years.

54. If any person receives any mail bag, or any postal packet

or any chattel or money or valuable security, the stealing, taking, or embezzling or secreting of which amounts to a felony under this postal packet. Act, knowing it to have been so feloniously stolen, taken, embezzled or secreted, and to have been sent, or to have been intended to be sent, by post, he shall be guilty of felony and be liable to the same punishment as if he had himself stolen, taken, embezzled or secreted it, and may be

General Offences

52. If any person—

(a) steals a mail bag;

Stealing mail bag or postal packet.

424 Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

, 1953

proceeded against and convicted whether the principal offender has or has not been previously convicted or is or is not amenable to justice.

Fraudulent 55. Any person who fraudulently retains, or wilfully secretes or rct®1^n of keeps, or detains, or who, when required by an officer of the Post Office, neglects or refuses to deliver up—

(a) any postal packet which is in course of transmission by post and which ought to have been delivered to any other person; or

(b) any postal packet in course of transmission by post or any mail bag which has been found by him or by any other person,

shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable to a fine and to imprisonment

Criminal diversion of letters from addressee.

56.—(1) If any person not in the employment of the Postmaster-General wilfully and maliciously, with intent to injure any other person, either opens or causes to be opened any postal packet which ought to have been delivered to that other person, or does any act or thing whereby the due delivery of the packet to that other person is prevented or impeded, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable.to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

(2) Nothing in this section shall apply to a person who does any act to which this section applies where he is parent, or in the position of parent or guardian, of the person to whom the postal packet is addressed.

(3) A prosecution shall not be instituted in pursuance of this section in England or Wales except by the direction or with the consent of the Postmaster-General.

(4) In this section the expression * postal packet " means a postal packet which is in course of transmission by post or which has been delivered by post.

Stealing, embezzlement, destruction etc. by officer of Post Office of postal packet

57. If any officer of the Post Office steals, or for any purpose whatever embezzles, secretes or destroys, a postal packet in course of transmission by post, he shall be guilty of felony and be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years or, if the postal packet contains any chattel, money or valuable security, to imprisonment for life or for any shorter term.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

425

58. —(1) If any officer of the Post Office, contrary to his duty. Opening or opens, or procures or suffers to be opened, any postal packet in Skying of course of transmission by post, or wilfully detains or delays, or ^s^g^kcts procures or suffers to be detained or delayed, any such postal of the packet, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable to Post Office, imprisonment or to a fine, or to both:

Provided that nothing in this section shall extend to the opening, detaining or delaying of a postal packet returned for want of a true direction, or returned by reason that the person to whom it is directed has refused it, or has refused or neglected to pay the postage thereof, or that the packet cannot for any other reason be delivered, or to the opening, detaining or delaying of a postal packet under the authority of this Act or in obedience to an express warrant in writing under the hand of a Secretary of State.

(2) In the application of the foregoing subsection to Northern Ireland, for the reference to a Secretary of State there shall be substituted a reference to the Governor of Northern Ireland; and in the application of that subsection to the Isle of Man, for the reference to a warrant in writing under the hand of a Secretaty of State there shall be substituted a reference to a warrant in writing under the hand of the Lieutenant-Governor issued with the sanction of a Secretary of State.

59. If any person employed to convey or deliver a mail bag. Carelessness, 1

or a postal packet in course of transmission by post, or to negligence or If perform any other duty in respect of a mail bag or such a postal of

packet employed in

(a) without authority whilst so employed, or whilst the mail carrying or

bag or postal packet is in his custody or possession, ^ainJags leaves it, or suffers any person, not being the person postal packets, in charge thereof, to ride in the place appointed for etc. the person in charge thereof in or upon any vehicle used for the conveyance thereof, or to ride in or upon a vehicle so used and not licensed to carry passengers, or upon a horse used for the conveyance on horseback thereof;

(b) is guilty of any act of drunkenness whilst so employed;

(c) is guilty of carelessness, negligence or other misconduct

whereby the safety of the mail bag or postal packet is endangered;

(d) without authority collects, receives, conveys or delivers a postal packet otherwise than in the ordinary course of post;

(e) gives any false information of an assault or attempt at robbery upon him; or

o*

426

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

if

n

Prohibition of placing injurious substances in or against post office letter boxes or telephone kiosks.

Prohibition of affixing placards, notices, etc. on post office letter boxes, etc.

Prohibition of imitation of post office stamps, envelopes, forms and marks.

(/) loiters on the road or passage, or wilfully misspends his time so as to retard the progress or delay the arrival of a mail bag or postal packet in the course of transmission by post, or does not use due care and diligence safely to convey a mail bag or postal packet at the due rate of speed,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

60. —(1) A person shall not place or attempt to place in or • against any post office letter box or telephone kiosk or cabinet

any fire, match, light, explosive substance, dangerous substance, filth, noxious or deleterious substance, or fluid, and shall not commit a nuisance in or against any post office letter box or telephone kiosk or cabinet, and shall not do or attempt to do anything likely to injure the box, kiosk or cabinet or its appurtenances or contents.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding tea pounds, or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months.

61. —(1) A person shall not without due authority affix or attempt to affix any placard, advertisement, notice, fist, document, board or thing in or on, or paint or tar, any post office, post office letter box, telegraph post or other property belonging to or used by or on behalf of the Postmaster-General, and shall not in any way disfigure any such office, box, post or property.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

62. —(1) A person shall not without due authority—

(a) make, issue, or send by post or otherwise any envelope, wrapper, card, form or paper in imitation of one issued by or under the authority of the Postmaster-General or of any other postal administration, or having thereon any words, letters or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the recipient thereof to believe that a postal packet bearing them is sent on Her Majesty’s service;

(b) make on any envelope, wrapper, card, form or paper for the purpose of being issued or sent by post or otherwise, or otherwise used, any mark in imitation of or similar to or purporting to be any stamp or mark of any post office under the Postmaster-General or

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

427

under any other postal administration, or any words, letters or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the recipient thereof to believe that a postal packet bearing them is sent on Her Majesty’s service; or

(c) issue or send by post or otherwise any envelope, wrapper, card, form or paper so marked.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

63.—(1) A person shall not, except for such purposes and Prohibition subject to such conditions as may be prescribed by Post Office of fictitious regulations-

(a) make, knowingly utter, deal in or sell any fictitious

stamp;

(b) have in his possession, unless he shows a lawful excuse,

any fictitious stamp; or

(c) make or, unless he shows a lawful excuse, have in his

possession any die, plate, instrument or materials for making any fictitious stamp.

(2) A person shall not knowingly use for the purposes of the Post Office any fictitious stamp.

(3) If any person acts in contravention of the foregoing provisions of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds:

Provided that, in England or Wales, a prosecution shall not be instituted under this subsection except by order of the Postmaster-Generah

(4) Any stamp, die, plate, instrument or materials found in the possession of any person in contravention of subsection (1) of this section may be seized and shall be forfeited.

(5) The importation into the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man—

(a) of any facsimile, imitation or representation, whether on

paper or otherwise, of any stamp for denoting any rate of postage, whether of the British postal area or of any country outside that area; or

(b) of any die, plate, instrument or materials for making

such a facsimile, imitation or representation,

is hereby prohibited.

o* 2

428 Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Eijz. 2

Act, 1953

(6) In this section the expression " fictitious stamp " means any facsimile, imitation or representation, whether on paper or otherwise, of any stamp for the time being authorised or required to be used for the purposes of the Post Office or of any stamp for denoting a current rate of postage of any country outside the British postal area.

(7) Notwithstanding anything in section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeal and re-enactment), any reference to section sixty-five of the Post Office Act, 1908, in, or in any regulations made under, any other enactment applying or adapting that section for the purposes of that enactment or of any such regulations shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be construed as a reference to the provisions of that section as originally enacted, being the provisions set out in the Second Schedule to this Act.

Prohibition of false notice as to reception of letters, etc.

64.—(1) A person shall not without the authority of the Postmaster-General place or maintain in or on any house, wall, door, window, box, post, pillar or other place belonging to him or under his control, any of the following words, letters or marks, that is to say—

(a) the words " post office " or " postal telegraph office " or " public telephone call office ";

(b) the words " letter box " accompanied with words, letters or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the public to believe that it is a post office letter box; or

(c) any words, letters or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the public to believe that any house or place is a post office, or a place where the public may make telephone calls, or that any box is a post office letter box;

and every person, when required by a notice given by the Postmaster-General to remove or efface any such words, letters or marks as aforesaid, or to remove or effectually close up any letter box belonging to him or under his control which has been a post office letter box, shall comply with the requirement

(2) A person shall not without the authority of the Postmaster-General—

(a) place or maintain in or on any ship, vehicle, aircraft or premises belonging to him or under his control; or

(b) use in any document in relation to himself or any other person or in relation to any ship, vehicle, aircraft or premises.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

429

the words " Royal Mail " or " Royal Air Mail " or any words, letters or marks which signify or imply or may reasonably lead the public to believe that the ship, vehicle, aircraft or premises is or are used by the Postmaster-General or with his authority for the purpose of collecting or conveying postal packets or that he or that other person is authorised by the Postmaster-General to collect or convey such packets; and every person when required by a notice given by the Postmaster-General to remove or efface or cease to use any such words, letters or marks as aforesaid shall comply with the requirement.

(3) If any person acts in contravention of this section, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and, if the offence is continued after a previous conviction, to a fine not exceeding five shillings for every day during which the offence so continues.

65. —(1) If any person wilfully obstructs or molests, or incites anyone to obstruct or molest, an officer of the Post Office in the execution of his duty, or whilst in any post office or within any premises belonging to any post office or used therewith obstructs the course of business of the Post Office, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month, or to both.

(2) Any officer of the Post Office may require any person guilty of any offence under this section to leave a post office or any such premises as aforesaid and, if the person so required refuses or fails to comply with the requirement, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a further fine not exceeding five pounds, and may be removed by any officer of the Post Office, and any constable shall on demand remove or assist in removing any such person.

66. If any person—

(a) sends any message by telephone which is grossly offen-

sive or of an indecent, obscene or menacing character;

(b) sends any message by telephone, or any telegram, which

he knows to be false, for the purpose of causing annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to any other person; or

(c) persistently makes telephone calls without reasonable

cause and for any such purpose as aforesaid,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month, or to both.

Obstruction

and

molestation of officers of the Post Office.

Prohibition of sending offensive or false telephone messages or false telegrams, etc.

430

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Provision

against

hawking

opposite

General Post

Office.

Endeavouring to procure the commission of any felony or misdemeanour.

Summary

proceedings.

Venue.

Provisions as to form of proceedings.

67. If any hawker, newsvendor, or idle or disorderly person stops or loiters on the flagway or pavement opposite the General Post Office in London, or in any part thereof, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

68. If any person solicits or endeavours to procure any other person to commit an offence punishable on indictment under this Act, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanour and be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years.

Legal Proceedings

69. —(1) Proceedings for any offence against this Act punishable on summary conviction may be commenced at any time within one year next after the commission of the offence.

(2) For the purposes of the operation of section thirteen of the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908 (which relates to offences triable either by indictment or summarily), sections fifty-two, fifty-three, fifty-four and fifty-seven of this Act shall have effect in Scotland as if for the word "felony" there were substituted the word "misdemeanour."

70. —(1) An offence against this Act may be tried either in the county or place in which it was actually committed or in any county or place in which the alleged offender is apprehended or is in custody or, where the offence is in respect of a mail, mail bag, postal packet, or money order, or any chattel, money or valuable security sent by post, in any county or place through any part of which the mail, mail bag, postal packet, money order, chattel, money or security passed in due course of conveyance by post; and an offence committed in Scotland may also be tried at any sitting of the High Court of Justiciary.

(2) Where an offence against this Act is committed on any highway, harbour, canal, river, arm of the sea, or other water constituting the boundary of two or more counties or places, it may be tried in any of those counties or places.

(3) The offence of being accessory to or of aiding or abetting an offence against this Act may be tried in any county or place in which the last-mentioned offence may be tried.

71. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of the Indictments Act, 1915, or the Indictments Act (Northern Ireland), 1945, in any legal proceedings for any offence committed or attempted to be committed, or any malicious, injurious or fraudulent act or thing done in, upon or with respect to the Post Office or the Post Office revenue, or any mail bag, postal packet or money order, or any chattel, money or valuable security sent by post, or in any way concerning any property under the

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

431

management or control of the Postmaster-General, it shall be sufficient to allege the property to belong to Her Majesty’s Postmaster-General and to allege any such act or thing to have been done with intent to injure or defraud Her Majesty’s Postmaster-General without in either case naming the person who is Postmaster-General, and it shall not be necessary to allege or to prove upon the trial or otherwise that the mail bag, postal packet, money order, chattel, money, security or property was of any value.

(2) Without prejudice as aforesaid, in any legal proceedings against any officer of the Post Office for any offence committed against this Act, it shall be sufficient to allege that the alleged offender was an officer of the Post Office at the time of the commission of the offence, without stating further the nature or particulars of his employment.

72. —(1) On the prosecution of any offence against this Act, Evidence of whether summarily or on indictment, evidence that any article thin®1bein?e|. is in the course of transmission by post, or has been accepted^ ofconsrat on behalf of the Postmaster-General for transmission by post, of Postmaster-shall be sufficient evidence that the article is a postal packet General to

(2) Where the consent or order of the Postmaster-General is prosecution* required to or for any prosecution, an instrument purporting to be executed by him or on his behalf by an officer of the Post Office duly authorised by or under section eighty-three of this Act and stating that the prosecution has been consented to or ordered by the Postmaster-General shall be sufficient proof of that fact, unless the contrary is shown.

73. The Postmaster-General or any of his officers or agents Power to authorised by him for the purpose may accept from any person compound any fine incurred or alleged to be incurred by that person under actlon8»ctc* this Act, or any part of such a fine, without any legal proceedings

for the recovery thereof, and the Postmaster-General may compromise and compound any legal proceedings commenced by his authority or under his control against any person for recovering any such fine on such terms and conditions as the Postmaster-General in his absolute discretion thinks proper:

Provided that this section shall extend only to England and Wales.

74. —(1) Subject to subsection (2) of this section any fine, the Application pecuniary proceeds of any forfeiture and any other sum recovered of fines*

in respect of an offence against this Act shall, notwithstanding anything in any other enactment, be paid into the Exchequer unless applied as an appropriation in aid under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891.

(2) In the application of the foregoing subsection to England and Wales, nothing therein shall prejudice the operation of

%\1*A

432

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 ELiz. 2

section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, or section one hundred and fourteen of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952 (which relate to the disposal of fines imposed by courts of summary jurisdiction in England and Wales), but any sum paid to the Secretary of State in pursuance of the said section twenty-seven in respect of an offence against this Act shall be deemed to be Exchequer moneys within the meaning of that section and shall be paid by the Secretary of State into the Exchequer unless applied as aforesaid.

4

4

v

i

i1

Offences also 75. Where proceedings are taken before any court against a punishable at person in respect of an offence against this Act which is also an common law Offence punishable at common law or under some Act other than other Act?01™ Act, court may direct that, instead of those proceedings being continued, proceedings shall be taken for punishing that person at common law or under that other Act.

Recovery of sums from officers of Post Office.

76. Where any sum not exceeding twenty pounds is due from any officer of the Post Office or from his sureties in respect of moneys received in the discharge of his duty, it may, without prejudice to any other mode of recovery, be recovered in England, Wales or Northern Ireland summarily as a civil debt and any such sum of whatever amount may be recovered in the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man as a debt due to the Crown.

Miscellaneous and General

Exemption 77.—(1) No person shall demand any toll on the passing of any

from toll. vehicle or horse conveying mail bags at places where tolls are otherwise demandable.

(2) If any person employed to receive the tolls or rates at a gate or bar erected upon a highway, bridge or post road demands toll for any mail or any person, horse or vehicle going or employed to go for any mail bag, or does not permit any such mail, person, horse or vehicle to pass without delay, or wilfully delays or obstructs any such mail, person, horse or vehicle at or in passing a gate or bar, he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) If any person employed to receive the tolls at a ferry demands any toll for any mail, or if any ferryman does not, within fifteen minutes after demand made, convey any mail (if it be possible or safe to do so) across the ferry to the usual landing place, he shall for each offence liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(4) Any toll leviable in Scotland or Northern Ireland which but for the foregoing provisions of this section would be dejnand-able on the passing of any mail shall be accounted for and paid by the Postmaster-General out of moneys provided by Parliament.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

433

78. —(1) Where it appears to the Postmaster-General that any Provision as post office letter box, by reason of being on the premises of any f° post office private person or otherwise, is so situated as not to afford the ettcr boxes, same security against the improper removal of postal packets therefrom or other fraud as exists in the case of other post

office letter boxes, he may declare that that post office letter box shall be a private posting box, and shall affix upon or near the box a notice of its being and of the effect of its being a private posting box, and a postal packet put into that box shall not, for the purpose of any enactment, law or contract whereby the due posting of a postal packet is evidence of the receipt thereof by the addressee, be deemed to have been duly posted.

(2) A certificate purporting to be signed by the Postmaster-General or on his behalf by an officer of the Post Office duly authorised by or under section eighty-three of this Act to the effect that any box or receptacle is or was provided by the permission or under the authority of the Postmaster-General for the purpose of receiving postal packets or any class of postal packets, shall in any legal proceedings be sufficient proof of the facts stated in the certificate unless the contrary is shown.

79. —(1) Where an officer of the Post Office vacates his office Surrender of

(whether by reason of dismissal, resignation, death or otherwise) by

he, or if he is dead his personal representative or the person post acting as his personal representative, shall deliver to the Post- 0n ceasing master-General all articles (whether uniform, accoutrements, to be officer, appointments or other necessaries) which have been issued to

the officer vacating his office for the execution of his duty and are not the property of that officer, and shall deliver the articles in good order and condition, fair wear and tear only excepted.

(2) If any person fails to comply with the provisions of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and also to pay such further sum not exceeding forty shillings as the court may determine to be the value of the articles not delivered, or, if the articles have been delivered but not in good order and condition, of the damage done to the articles.

(3) Any justice of the -peace and in* Scotland any sheriff or magistrate of a burgh may issue a warrant by virtue of which a constable may search for and seize any articles not delivered as required by this section, in like manner as if they were stolen goods and the warrant were a warrant to search for stolen goods.

80. All expenses incurred by the Postmaster-General in the Post Office execution of this Act or otherwise in the management of the expenses. Post Office and not otherwise provided for by any enactment

shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

iklMl

434

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

4

I

i

Post Office regulations and warrants.

Signature of Treasury warrants, consents, etc.

Exercise of powers on behalf of Postmaster-General.

Exemption of Postmaster-General from stamp duty.

81. —(1) The Treasury may by warrant, on the representation of the Postmaster-General, make regulations with respect to any matter which is authorised or required by this Act to be effected by Post Office regulations.

(2) Any power to make warrants conferred by this Act on the Treasury shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and any statutory instrument containing Post Office regulations shall be laid before Parliament after being made.

(3) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as extended by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall have effect—

(a) as if the Postmaster-General were mentioned in the first

column, and the Director-General or any Deputy Director-General, director or assistant secretary of the Post Office were mentioned in the second column, of the Schedule to the former Act; and

(b) as if a warrant of the Treasury under this Act were mentioned in section two of the former Act as well as an order.

82. Any warrant of the Treasury under this Act may be signed in manner provided by the Treasury Instruments (Signature) Act, 1849, and any order, consent, authority or direction of the Treasury (not being a warrant) under this Act may be signed either in manner provided by that Act or under die hand of a secretary or assistant secretary to the Treasury.

83. —(1) Any instrument or document required or authorised to be executed or signed by the Postmaster-General (whether in his corporate capacity or otherwise) may be executed or signed on his behalf by the Director-General or a Deputy Director-General of the Post Office or by such other officers of the Post Office (whether described by name or by reference to their rank or office or class of office) as may be prescribed by Post Office regulations, either generally or as respects any class of instruments or documents, or as may be directed by the Postmaster-General as respects any particular instrument or document.

(2) Any instrument or document purporting to be executed or signed by an officer of the Post Office duly authorised in that behalf by or under this section shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been* duly executed or signed, without proof of the authority or official character of the person purporting to have executed or signed it.

(3) Subject to subsection (1) of this section, any act authorised or required to be done by, to or before the Postmaster-General may be done by, to or before any officer, deputy, servant or agent appointed by him in that behalf.

84. Every deed, instrument, money order, bill, cheque, receipt or other document, made or executed for the purposes of the Post Office by, to, or with Her Majesty or any officer of the Post Office shall be exempt from any stamp duty imposed by

'•k

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

435

any enactment, whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act, except where that duty is declared by the document, or by some memorandum endorsed thereon, to be payable by some person other than the Postmaster-General.

85. In order that such part of the hereditary revenue of the Alienation of Crown arising in and by the Post Office as is vested in Her °®ce Majesty may 'be preserved in the Crown for the future benefit ^own. thereof, it is hereby declared that that revenue or any part

thereof shall not hereafter be alienable, chargeable or grantable by Her Majesty, or her heirs or successors, for any estate, term or time whatsoever to endure longer than the life of Her Majesty, or of such King or Queen as shall make the alienation, charge or grant, and that all gifts, grants, alienations and assurances whatsoever to be had or made of, and charges upon, the said revenue or any part thereof contrary to the provisions of this Act shall be null and void without any proceeding to determine them or make them void.

86. Notwithstanding anything in any other Act, neither the Exemption of Postmaster-General nor any officer of the Post Office shall bePost compelled to serve as a sheriff or in any ecclesiastical or corporate cSSom. or parochial or other public office or employment, or on any

jury or inquest.

87. —(1) In this Act, except where the context otherwise Interpretation, requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively: —

14 British postal agency " means any place, situated in a foreign country, where a post is established by the Postmaster-General;

" British postal area " means the United Kingdom, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man;

" chattel " in relation to Scotland means a corporeal moveable;

" commander ", in relation to an aircraft, includes the pilot or other person in charge of the aircraft;

" foreign ", in relation to any postal packet, means either posted in the British postal area and sent to a place outside that area, or posted in a place outside that area and sent to a place within that area, or in transit through the British postal area to a place outside that area;

" inland ", in relation to any postal packet or any description‘thereof, means posted within the British postal area and addressed to some place in that area, and " inland postage " means the postage chargeable on an inland postal packet;

436

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

" mail " includes every conveyance by which postal packets are carried, whether it be a ship, aircraft, vehicle, horse or any other conveyance, and also a person employed in conveying or delivering postal packets;

" mail bag " includes a parcel, an envelope and any form of container or covering in which postal packets in course of transmission by post are conveyed, whether or not it contains any such packets;

" mandated territory " means a territory in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the League of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty and is being exercised by the government of any part of Her Majesty’s dominions;

"master", in relation to a ship, includes every person (except a pilot) having command or charge of the ship, whether the ship is a ship of war or other ship;

" officer of the Post Office" includes the Postmaster-General, and any person employed in any business of the Post Office, whether employed by the Postmaster-General or by any person under him or on behalf of the Post Office;

" parcel " means any postal packet defined as a parcel by Post Office regulations;

" postage " means the duty chargeable for the transmission of postal packets;

" postal packet " means a letter, postcard, reply postcard, newspaper, printed packet, sample packet, or parcel, and every packet or article transmissible by post, and includes a telegram;

" post office " includes any house, building, room, vehicle or place used for the purposes of the Post Office, and any post office letter box;

" post office letter box " includes any pillar box, wall box, or other box or receptacle provided by the permission or under the authority of the Postmaster-General for the purpose of receiving postal packets, or any class of postal packets, for transmission by or under the authority of the Postmaster-General;

" public service vehicle ", in relation to Great Britain, means a public service vehicle within the meaning of the Road Traffic Acts, 1930 to 1934;

" railway undertakers " means any authority, body or person authorised by any enactment to construct, work or carry on a railway;

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

437

" regular mail train " has the meaning assigned by section thirty-three of this Act, and " regular mail train services " means services performed under that section or section thirty-four of this Act including services performed under those sections by virtue of section forty-two or subsection (3) of section forty-four of this Act;

" ship " includes any boat or vessel whatsoever;

" sorting carriage " has the meaning assigned by section thirty-four of this Act;

" telegraph post " means a post, pole, standard, stay, strut or other above-ground contrivance for carrying, suspending or supporting a telegraph as defined by the Telegraph Act, 1869;

"the purposes of the Post Office" includes any purpose relating to or in connection with the execution of any duties for the time being undertaken by the Postmaster-General or any of his officers;

" trust territory " means a territory placed under international trusteeship, and administered by the government of any part of Her Majesty’s dominions;

" valuable security " has the same meaning as in the Larceny Act, 1916, and includes anything which is a valuable security within the meaning of that Act and any part of such a thing, and so far as is necessary for the purposes of this definition that Act shall be deemed to have effect in Scotland, as if, however, any references therein to real estate and to chattels personal included respectively references to heritable property and to corporeal moveables;

" vehicle " includes a railway vehicle.

(2) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) a postal packet shall be deemed to be in course of trans-

mission by post from the time of its being delivered to any post office to the time of its being delivered to the addressee;

(b) the delivery of a postal packet of any description to a letter carrier or other person authorised to receive postal packets of that description for the post or to an officer of the Post Office to be dealt with in the course of his duty shall be a delivery to a post office;

ic)the delivery of a postal packet at the premises to which it is addressed or redirected, or to the addressee’s servant or agent or to some other person considered to be authorised to receive the packet, shall be a delivery to the addressee.

438

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Application to Northern Ireland— general.

Application to Channel Islands— general.

(3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act

(4) A reference in any enactment other than this Act to a post letter shall be construed as a reference to a postal packet within the meaning of this Act..

88. —(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect for the purposes of the application of this Act to Northern Ireland.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively—

" enactment " includes an enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland;

"public service vehicle" means a public service vehicle within the meaning of the Motor Vehicles and Road Traffic Acts (Northern Ireland), 1926 to 1945, not being a vehicle licensed as a motor hackney carriage pursuant to regulations for the time being in force under Part II of the Motor Vehicles (Traffic and Regulation) Act (Northern Ireland), 1926;

" summary conviction " means conviction in accordance with the enactments for the time being in force in Northern Ireland relating to summary jurisdiction;

" Transport Tribunal ", except in section twenty-nine of this Act, means the Transport Tribunal for Northern Ireland set up under the Transport Act (Northern Ireland), 1948.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment of the Parliament of the United Kingdom shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as it applies in Northern Ireland.

(4) Section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889, shall have effect as if the expressions "Act" and "enactment" therein included enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.

89. —(1) This Act, except sections thirty-three to forty-five and section fifty-one, shall extend to the Channel Islands and the Royal Courts of the Channel Islands shall register this Act accordingly.

(2) In the application of this Act to the Channel Islands, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively—

" constable " means an officer of police;

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

439

" justice of the peace " means the Bailiff of Jersey or the Bailiff of Guernsey;

" misdemeanour " means a delit, or an offence not being a felony;

" public service vehicle " means—

(a) in Jersey, a public service vehicle within the meaning of the Motor Traffic (Jersey) Law, 1935; and

(b) in Guernsey, a public vehicle within the mean ing of the Passenger Transport Licensing Authority (Guernsey) Law, 1948,

not being in either case a vehicle adapted to carry less than eight passengers which carries those passengers otherwise than at separate fares.

90.—(1) This Act except sections thirty-three to forty-five shall Application to

extend to the Isle of Man. Islc of Man-

general.

(2) Any offence against this Act which is punishable on summary conviction and any fine under this Act which is recoverable on summary conviction may, in the Isle of Man, be prosecuted or recovered before a court of summary jurisdiction constituted in accordance with the Petty Sessions and Summary Jurisdiction Acts, 1927 and 1946, being acts of the legislature of the Isle of Man, or any other Act of that legislature whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act, and at the instance of an officer of the Post Office or of a constable.

(3) In the application of this Act to the Isle of Man, except where the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively—

" indictment " means an information;

"public service vehicle" means a motor vehicle licensed as a road service vehicle, stage coach or hackney carriage, not being a vehicle adapted to carry less than eight passengers which carries those passengers otherwise than at separate fares.

(4) Any Act of the legislature of the Isle of Man punishing offences committed in relation to post letters or post letter bags shall have effect as if a parcel were a post letter and any receptacle containing a parcel were a post letter bag.

(5) For the purposes of sections fifty-two to fifty-eight of this Act, section thirty-six of the Petty Sessions and Summary

440

Ch. 36

Post Office

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Repeals and savings.

Short title.

Jurisdiction Act, 1927 (being an Act of the legislature of the Isle of Man) (which relates to the summary trial of indictable offences), and any other enactment of that legislature, whether passed before or after the commencement of this Act, amending the said section thirty-six, shall have effect as if offences under the said sections of this Act were included in the Third Schedule to the said Act of 1927.

91. —(1) The enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) Any letters patent granted, warrant, arrangement or appointment made, direction, decision or undertaking given, post established, registration effected, notice served, sanction obtained or other thing done under any enactment repealed by this Act or by the Post Office Act, 1908, shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force and have effect as if granted, made, given, established, effected, served, obtained or done under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Where a period of time specified in any enactment repealed by this Act is current at the commencement of this Act, this Act shall have effect as if the corresponding provision thereof had been in force when that period began to run.

(4) Save as expressly provided by this Act, any reference in any enactment, warrant or other document whatsoever to the Post Office Acts, or any of them, or to the Post Office laws, or to any enactment repealed by this Act. shall unless the contrary intention appears be construed as a reference to this Act or to the corresponding provision of this Act, as the case may require.

(5) Nothing in this section shall affect any Act of the legislature of the Isle of Man in force at the commencement of the Post Office Act, 1908.

(6) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

92. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Post Office Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall come into force one month after the passing thereof.

1953

Post Office

Act, 1953

Ch. 36

441

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 47.

Provisions with respect to acquisition of land in the United Kingdom by the Postmaster-General

1. Subject to the provisions of this Schedule, the Lands Clauses Acts, except the provisions relating to access to the special Act, shall be incorporated with this Act.

2. In construing the said Acts for the purposes of this Schedule—

(a) the expression " the special Act " shall mean this Act;

(b) the expression " the promoters of the undertaking " shall mean

the Postmaster-General; and

(c) the expression " land " shall include any estate or interest in or over land.

3. The bond required by section eighty-five of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or by section eighty-four of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, shall be under the seal of the Postmaster-General and shall be sufficient without sureties.

4. The provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to land purchased compulsorily shall not be put in force until the sanction of Parliament has been obtained in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

5. At least three months before an application is made to Parliament for sanction to the compulsory purchase of land under this Act, the Postmaster-General, with the consent of the Treasury, shall serve a notice on every owner or reputed owner, lessee, or reputed lessee, and occupier of any land intended to be so purchased—

(a) describing the land intended to be taken, and in general terms the purposes to which it is to be applied;

(b) stating the intention of the Treasury to obtain the sanction of Parliament to the purchase thereof;

(c) inquiring whether the person so served assents or dissents to the taking of his land; and

() requesting him to forward to the Treasury any objections he may have to his land being taken.

6. At some time after the service of the said notice, the Treasury shall cause a local inquiry to be held by a competent officer into the objections made by any person whose land is required to be taken and by other persons, if any, interested in the subject matter of the inquiry.

7. If after the said inquiry has been held the Treasury are satisfied that the land ought to be taken, they may submit a Bill to Parliament containing provisions authorising the Postmaster-General to take the land, and any such Bill shall be deemed to be a public Bill, and, if

442

1st Sch. — con.

Section 63.

Prohibition of fictitious stamps.

Ch. 36 Post Office 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Act, 1953

passed into an Act, to have conveyed the sanction of Parliament to the purchase compulsorily of the land therein mentioned or referred to, and the period for the compulsory purchase shall be three years after the passing of the Act:

Provided that, if while the Bill is pending in either House of Parliament a petition is presented against anything comprised therein, the Bill may be referred to a Select Committee and the petitioner shall be allowed to appear and oppose as in the case of private Bills.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section sixty-five of thb Post Office Act, 1908, as originally

ENACTED

65.—(1) A person shall not—

(a) make, knowingly utter, deal in or sell any fictitious stamp, or knowingly use for any postal purpose any fictitious stamp; or

(b) have in his possession, unless he shows a lawful excuse, any fictitious stamp; or

(c) make, or, unless he shows a lawful excuse, have in his possession, any die, plate, instrument, or materials for making any fictitious stamp.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction on a prosecution by order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, subject to the like right of appeal as in the case of a penalty under the Acts relating to the Excise.

(3) Any stamp, die, plate, instrument, or materials found in the possession of any person in contravention of this section may be seized and shall be forfeited.

(4) For the purposes of this section " fictitious stamp " means any facsimile or imitation or representation, whether on paper or otherwise, of any stamp for denoting any rate of postage, including any stamp for denoting a rate of postage of any British possession, or of any foreign country.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

1 & 2 Vict c. 98. The Railways (Conveyance of Mails) Act, 1838. The whole Act.

7 & 8 Vict c. 85. The Railway Regulation Act, 1844. Section eleven.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 85. The Post Office (Duties) Act, 1847. The whole Act

31 & 32 Vict The Regulation of Rail- Sections thirty-six and thirty-

c. 119. ways Act, 1868. seven.

36 & 37 Vict c. 48. The Regulation of Railways Act, 1873. Sections eighteen to twenty.

45 & 46 Vict c. 74. The Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882. The whole Act.

54 & 55 Vict, c. 38. The Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891. Section seven.

56 & 57 Vict, c. 38. The Conveyance of Mails Act, 1893. The whole Act

61 & 62 Vict. The Revenue Act, 1898. Paragraph (i) of section one.

c. 46.

8 Edw. 7. c. 48 The Post Office Act, 1908 The whole Act

3 & 4 Geo. 5. The Post Office Act, 1913 The whole Act

c. 11.

lO&llGeo. 5. a 40. The Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1920. The whole Act

12 & 13 Geo. 5. The Finance Act, 1922. Section forty-eight.

c. 17.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 49. The Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1922. The whole Act.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c.9. The Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926. Section seventeen.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. The Road Traffic Act, In section one hundred and

c. 43. 1930. four, subsection (3).

25 & 26 Geo.5. c. 15. The Post Office (Amendment) Act, 1935. The whole Act

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Transport Act, 1947 In section sixty-five, subsection (2).

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. The Post Office (Amendment) Act, 1952. The whole Act.

c. 36.

444

Ch. 36, 37

Post Office 1 & 2 Rliz. 2

Act, 1953

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845

Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845 Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 ... Treasury Instruments (Signature) Act, 1849 ...

Duchy of Lancaster Lands Act, 1855

Railway Construction Facilities Act, 1864

Documentary Evidence Act, 1868

Telegraph Act, 1869

Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878

Documentary Evidence Act, 1882

Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882

Interpretation Act, 1889

Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891

Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Post Office Act, 1908

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908

Forgery Act, 1913

Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914

Indictments Act, 1915

Larceny Act, 1916

Road Traffic Act, 1930

Post Office (Amendment) Act, 1935

Requisitioned Land and War Works Act, 1945 ...

Exchange Control Act, 1947

Crown Proceedings Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act,

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 27.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 89.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 58.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 121.

31 & 32 Vict. c. 37.

32 & 33 Vict. c. 73.

41 & 42 Vict. c. 52.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 9.

45 & 46 Vict. c. 74.

52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 24.

54 & 55 Vict. c. 38.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

8 Edw. 7. c. 48.

8 Edw. 7. c. 65.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 27.

4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 58.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 90.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 50.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 15. 8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 43.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 14. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 44. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. 10 & 11 Geo. 6.C.53.

1949

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949 ...

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 33. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

CHAPTER 37

Registration Service , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Registrar , etc.

Section

1. Registrar General.

2. General Register Office.

3. Registrar General’s staff, etc.

4. Salaries, receipts and expenses.

General organisation of registration service

5. Districts and sub-districts.

6. Superintendent registrars and registrars of births and deaths.

7. Additional registrars of marriages.

8. Deputy superintendent registrars and registrars.

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37

445

1953

Section

9. Interim superintendent registrars and registrars.

10. District register offices.

11. Sub-district offices, etc.

12. Provision of register boxes.

Local organisation of registration service

13. Local schemes of organisation.

14. Preparation, submission and approval of local schemes.

General provisions as to officers

15. Delivery up of books, etc., on ceasing to hold office.

16. General provision as to fees.

17. Privileges of registrars.

18. Temporary provisions as to non-salaried officers.

Miscellaneous and general

19. Annual abstract.

20. Regulations.

21. Interpretation.

22. Savings.

23. Repeals and consequential amendments.

24. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Consequential amendments in other enactments. Second Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to the registration service in England and Wales with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Registrar General, etc.

1. Her Majesty may from time to time under the Great Seal Registrar of the United Kingdom appoint a Registrar General for England General, and Wales, and any person so appointed shall exercise the powers and perform the duties conferred or imposed by or under any enactment on the Registrar General, whether described by that title alone or with any additional description, and shall hold office during Her Majesty's pleasure.

2. The offices of the Registrar General shall be known as the General General Register Office and any place in which any registers or records in the custody of the Registrar General by virtue of Offioc* this or any other Act are deposited by direction of the Registrar General with the approval of the Treasury shall, so long as those registers or records are there deposited, be deemed to be part of the General Register Office.

446

Ch. 37

Registration Service

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Registrar General’s staff, etc

Salaries, receipts and expenses.

Districts and sub-districts.

Superintendent registrars and registrars of births and deaths.

3. —(1) Subject to the consent of the Treasury as to number, the Registrar General may appoint such officers and servants for the purposes of his functions as he may determine.

(2) Any act or thing required by or under any enactment to be done by, to or before the Registrar General may be done by, to or before any officer or servant of the Registrar General authorised generally or specially in that behalf in writing by the Registrar General.

4. —(1) There shall be paid to the Registrar General and to the officers and servants appointed by the Registrar General such salaries or remuneration as the Treasury may from time to time determine.

(2) Every sum received under the Registration Acts by or on behalf of the Registrar General otherwise than under the foregoing subsection shall be accounted for by the Registrar General and paid by him, at such times as the Treasury may from time to time direct, into the Exchequer.

(3) The salary of the Registrar General and his expenses under the Registiation Acts and in respect of the General Register Office shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

General organisation of registration service

5. —(1) For the purposes of the Registration Acts, in every county and county borough there shall be one or more districts and in every district there shall be one or more sub-districts.

(2) Without prejudice to any provision of the local scheme as to additional officers, for each district there shall be a superintendent registrar of births, deaths and marriages, and for each sub-district there shall be a registrar of births and deaths, and any registrar of births and deaths upon whom the functions of a registrar of marriages are conferred by the local scheme shall also be deemed to be a registrar of marriages within the district for the purposes of the Marriage Act, 1949.

6. —(1) Every superintendent registrar and every registrar of births and deaths shall be appointed by the council of the county or county borough in which his district or sub-district is situated:

Provided that if, on the occurrence of a vacancy in any office of superintendent registrar or registrar of births and deaths, the council refuses to fill the vacancy or, having been required by the Registrar General to fill the vacancy within a period of not less than twenty-eight days specified in the requirement, fails to do so, the appointment shall be made by the Registrar General.

(2) No person shall be appointed as superintendent registrar or as registrar of births and deaths unless he is qualified in accordance with the prescribed conditions.

1953

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37

447

(3) Every superintendent registrar and every registrar of births and deaths shall be a salaried officer paid by the council of the county or county borough in which his district or sub-district is situated and shall—

(a) at such times and in such manner as may be prescribed account to the Registrar General for all fees received by or payable to him in respect of the execution of his duties under the Registration Acts; and

(b) upon the direction of the Registrar General pay to the council aforesaid such sum as the Registrar General may certify to be due to the council in respect of those fees.

(4) Every superintendent registrar and every registrar of births and deaths shall hold office during the pleasure of the Registrar General.

7.—(1) The Registrar General may from time to time, and Additional a superintendent registrar may with the approval of the Registrar r*istra?s General, by writing under his hand appoint any person qualified 0 mamages* in accordance with the prescribed conditions to be registrar of marriages within the district of any or, as the case may be, of that superintendent registrar in addition to any registrar of births and deaths upon whom the functions of a registrar of marriages have been conferred by the local scheme.

(2) Any person appointed under this section—

(a) if appointed by the Registrar General, shall hold office during the pleasure of the Registrar General;

(b) if appointed by a superintendent registrar, shall hold office during the pleasure of that superintendent registrar but be removable by the Registrar General.

(3) A registrar of marriages appointed under this section shall be entitled to retain any fees received by or payable to him in respect of the execution of his duties under the Marriage Act,

1949:

Provided that he shall at such times and in such manner as may be prescribed account to the Registrar General for and pay to the council of the county or county borough within whose area the registration district for which he acts is situated so much of the aggregate sum received by or payable to him by way of those fees as the Registrar General may certify to represent an amount equal to one third part of that sum less such deduction as the Registrar General may allow as remuneration to him for the trouble and expense of collecting and accounting for that third part.

448

Ch. 37

Registration Service

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Deputy 8.—<1) Subject to the provisions of the local scheme, every

superintendent superintendent registrar and every registrar of births and deaths rcStrars and 8^a^’ an<* any re8*strar of marriages may, from time to time by writing under his hand appoint, subject to the approval of the

Registrar General, one or more fit persons to act as his deputy in the case of his illness or unavoidable absence or in any prescribed case, and any person so appointed shall while so acting have all the powers and duties of a superintendent registrar or, as the case may be, a registrar of births and deaths or a registrar of marriages.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, a superintendent registrar or registrar shall be civilly responsible for any act or omission of his deputy, who shall hold office during the pleasure of the officer by whom he was appointed but be removable by the Registrar General.

Interim 9.—(1) If any superintendent registrar or any registrar of

suP?j™^dc°t births and deaths ceases to hold his office, his deputy or, if he registrars.aDd h*8 more than one deputy, such one of his deputies as shall from time to time be determined by the clerk of the county council or the town clerk of the county borough for the county or county borough in which his district or sub-district is situated shall become interim superintendent registrar or, as the case may be, interim registrar of births and deaths.

(2) If a superintendent registrar or registrar of births and deaths ceases to hold his office and he has no deputy, the clerk of the county council or town clerk of the county borough aforesaid shall appoint an interim superintendent registrar or, as the case may be, an interim registrar of births and deaths.

(3) An interim superintendent registrar and an interim registrar of births and deaths shall, until a new superintendent registrar or, as the case may be, registrar of births and deaths enters into office, have all the powers and duties of that office.

District 10.—(1) The council of every county and county borough shall

register offices, provide and maintain for the superintendent registrar of each district within the county or county borough a register office according to a plan approved by the Registrar General, and shall provide therein to the satisfaction of the Registrar General a suitable fireproof repository or strong fire-resisting boxes for the safe custody of the records in the charge of the superintendent registrar.

(2) For any period during which a register office is not so provided, the superintendent registrar shall appropriate some fit room to be approved by the Registrar General as a temporary register office and the council shall pay to the superintendent registrar a reasonable rent for that room.

1953

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37

449

(3) Without prejudice to the last foregoing subsection, if in the case of any district, by reason of the refusal or neglect of the council of the county or county borough, a register office for that district is not provided or is not maintained and kept in repair, the Registrar General may, if so authorised by the Treasury, expend a sum not exceeding three hundred pounds in providing an office, or any sum from time to time necessary for repairing or maintaining any office provided by him, and any sum so expended shall be repaid to the Registrar General by the council.

(4) The register office for any district shall be deemed for the purposes of the Registration Acts to be situated within that district even though it is not locally situated therein.

11. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the local scheme, every Sub-district registrar of births and deaths and every deputy registrar of births offices, etc. and deaths shall either dwell in or have a known office within

the sub-district of which he is registrar or deputy registrar

(2) Subject as aforesaid, every registrar of births and deaths shall appoint within or contiguous to his sub-district such stations, if any, as may be directed by the Registrar General, and for the purposes of the provisions of the Registration Acts with respect to the attendance of persons and the registration of births and deaths any station for a registrar’s sub-district, as well as the office therefor, shall be deemed to be his office.

(3) Subject as aforesaid, every registrar and every deputy registrar shall attend at his dwelling-house or office and at any such station as aforesaid on such days and at such hours as may be approved by the Registrar General for the purpose of registering births and deaths.

12. The Registrar General shall provide such number of strong Provision of fire-resisting boxes as may be required to hold the registers register boxes, kept by each registrar of births and deaths and registrar of marriages.

Local organisation of registration service

13.—(1) There shall be in force for each county and county of

borough a scheme or schemes (in this Act referred to as " the OTganisation. local scheme ") prepared and made in accordance with the next following section.

(2) Provision shall be made by the local scheme for—

(a) determining the number and boundaries of the registration

districts and sub-districts in the county or county borough;

(b) determining the location of offices and stations for those districts and sub-districts;

p

450

Ch. 37

Registration Service

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(c) determining the number of superintendent registrars,

registrars of births and deaths and other officers required for the purposes of the Registration Acts within the county or county borough;

() subject to such exceptions, if any, as may be specified in the scheme, conferring and imposing on registrars of births and deaths the functions of registrars of marriages;

(e) fixing, subject to such power of revision as may be provided by the scheme, the salary and other remuneration, if any, to be attached to each office, and the allowances, if any, to be paid for travelling, for the provision of office accommodation and for other expenses;

(/) fixing, subject to such power of revision as may be provided by the scheme, the conditions on which an office is to be held, so, however, that nothing in the scheme shall affect the power of the Registrar General to remove from office an officer in any case in which the Registrar General is satisfied that the officer has been guilty of serious default in the performance of the duties imposed on him by the Registration Acts or any regulations made thereunder;

(g) applying with any necessary modifications, adaptations and exceptions the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1929, relating to the transfer, superannuation and compensation of officers;

(h) conferring on the clerk of the county council or the town clerk of the county borough powers with respect to—

(i) the fixing of the hours of attendance of officers;

(ii) the distribution of business between officers;

(iii) the transfer of superintendent registrars and registrars of births and deaths within or between districts.

(3) The local scheme may in addition—

(a) make provision, where two or more officers are appointed

to act for a single district or sub-district, for the distribution between them of the registration functions to be discharged within that district or sub-district, so, however, that any such distribution shall not render any such officer disqualified from acting at any time or at any place in that district or, as the case may be, sub-district; and

(b) confer on the clerk of the county council or the town

clerk of the county borough such general powers of supervising the administration within the county or county borough of the provisions of the Registration Acts as may be specified in the scheme.

1953

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37

451

14.—(1) The council of a county or county borough may from time to time prepare and submit to the Minister schemes for all or any of the purposes mentioned in the last foregoing section.

(2) In the case of any county or county borough created after the commencement of this Act, the council of that county or county borough shall prepare and submit to the Minister a local scheme within such period as the Minister may allow.

(3) Any scheme under this section shall fix the date or dates on which the scheme is to come into operation and may fix different dates for different provisions of the scheme or for different areas and the dates so fixed may be made dependent on the happening of specified events.

(4) No such scheme shall be of any effect unless and until it is approved by the Minister, and the Minister, after considering any representations with respect to the scheme which may be submitted to him by any officer affected, may approve the scheme with or without modifications.

(5) If—

(a) it appears to the Registrar General at any time that by reason of special circumstances an immediate adjustment is necessary in the division of any county or county borough into districts and sub-districts; or

(b) a council required by subsection (2) of this section to submit a local scheme to the Minister fails to do so within the period allowed by the Minister,

the Registrar General may, after consultation with the council of the county or county borough concerned, prepare a scheme for the purpose, and any scheme so prepared by him, if approved by the Minister, shall have effect as if it were a scheme submitted by that council and approved by the Minister in accordance with this section.

(6) Any scheme under this section may contain such incidental, consequential or supplemental provisions as may appear necessary or proper for the purposes of the scheme and may be varied or revoked by a subsequent scheme made in like manner as the original scheme:

Provided that a scheme prepared by the Registrar General and approved by the Minister under the last foregoing subsection may be varied or revoked either by a subsequent scheme so prepared and approved or by a subsequent scheme submitted by the council concerned and approved by the Minister in accordance with this section.

p 2

Preparation, submission and approval of load schemes.

452

Ch. 37

Registration Service

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Delivery up of books, etc. on ceasing to hold office.

General provision as to fees.

Privileges of registrars.

Temporary provisions as to non-salaried officers.

General provisions as to officers

15. —(1) When any person ceases to hold the office of superintendent registrar, registrar of births and deaths or registrar of marriages for any district or sub-district, all register boxes, keys, books and documents in his possession as holder of that office for that district or sub-district shall be delivered up to his successor in office or, if there is no successor, to such person as the Registrar General may designate.

(2) If any person who has in his custody or power any such article as aforementioned wilfully fails to deliver it up to, or account for it to the satisfaction of, the person in whose custody it should be, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine of twenty pounds; and if the failure continues after he is convicted thereof he shall be guilty of a further offence and be liable on summary conviction to a fine of five pounds for every day on which the failure has so continued.

(3) If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable cause to believe that any article withheld in contravention of this section is in any specified house or place, he may grant a search warrant authorising any constable named therein to enter and search that house or place at any time and seize any such article so found, and any article so seized shall be delivered to the person in whose custody it should be.

16. Subject as may be prescribed, a superintendent registrar, registrar of births and deaths or registrar of marriages may refuse to comply with any application voluntarily made to him under the Registration Acts until the appropriate fee, if any, provided for by those Acts is paid to him; and any such fee shall be recoverable by the officer to whom it is payable as a debt due to him.

17. Every registrar of births and deaths and every registrar of marriages shall be exempt from serving in any parochial or corporate office whatsoever.

18. —(1) This section shall apply to any superintendent registrar or registrar of births and deaths who holds that office at the commencement of this Act and is not then a salaried officer in respect of that office, unless and until he becomes a salaried officer in respect of that office.

(2) Subsection (3) of section six of this Act shall not apply in relation to any officer to whom this section applies but he shall be entitled to retain any fees received by or payable to him in respect of the execution of his duties under the Registration Acts:

Provided that he shall at such times and in such manner as may be prescribed account to the Registrar General for and pay to the council of the county or county borough in which his

1953

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37

453

district or sub-district is situated so much of the aggregate sum received by or payable to him by way of those fees as the Registrar General may certify to represent an amount equal to—

(a) one third part of any fees under the Marriage Act, 1949; plus

(b) one third part of any fees under the Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1953, other than under subsection (3) of section eleven, section twelve, section fourteen or section twenty-four thereof; plus

(c) one fourth part of any fees under the said section twelve,

less such deduction as the Registrar General may allow as remuneration to him for the trouble and expense of collecting and accounting for those parts of those fees.

(3) Any superintendent registrar to whom this section applies shall four times in every year make up an account of the number of entries in the certified copies of entries in registers of live-births, still-births, deaths and marriages sent by him to the Registrar General during the preceding three months under section fifty-eight of the Marriage Act, 1949, or section twenty-seven of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953, and shall be entitled to receive from the Registrar General the sum of twopence for each entry in those certified copies.

(4) Any registrar of births and deaths to whom this section applies shall four times in every year make out an account of the number of births and deaths which he has registered since the last quarterly account and the superintendent registrar for the district in which the registrar’s sub-district is situated shall verify and sign the account; and the council of the county or county borough in which the registrar’s sub-district is situated shall pay to the registrar—

(a) for each of the first twenty entries in the account, whether

of live-births, still-births or deaths, the sum of two shillings and sixpence; and

(b) for each such entry after the first twenty, the sum of one

shilling:

Provided that during the continuance in force of the Population (Statistics) Act, 1938, paragraph (b) of this subsection shall have effect as if for the sum of one shilling there were substituted the sum of one shilling and fivepence.

(5) Upon an application for the purpose being made, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, by any officer to whom this section applies, he shall, as from such date (not being later than the beginning of the next financial year) as may be fixed by the council of the county or county borough in which his district or sub-district is situated, become a salaried officer.

454

Ch. 37

Registration Service

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Annual

abstract.

Regulations.

Interpretation.

Miscellaneous and general

19. The Registrar General shall send to the Minister annually, in such form as the Minister may from time to time require, a general abstract of the number of live-births, still-births, deaths and marriages registered in the year last preceding and the Minister shall within one month after receipt thereof or of the meeting of Parliament lay that abstract before each House of Parliament.

20. The Registrar General with the approval of the Minister may by statutory instrument make regulations—

(a) prescribing the duties of superintendent registrars, registrars of births and deaths and registrars of marriages in the execution of any enactment relating to their functions;

(b) prescribing the duties under the Registration Acts of clerks of county councils, town clerks of county boroughs, and such other officers as may be appointed in pursuance of any local scheme;

(c) making provision as to the place and manner in which,

the days on which and the hours during which any documents kept in the General Register Office and required to be available for search by the public are to be so available;

() prescribing anything which by this Act is required to be

prescribed.

21. -—Cl) IR litis Act, the following expressions have the following meanings respectively—

" local scheme " means the scheme or schemes made under section fourteen of this Act for the time being in force for the county or county borough in question;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Health;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made under the last foregoing section;

" the Registration Acts " means this Act, the Marriage Act, 1949, and the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953.

(2) In the application of this Act to London—

(a) any reference to a county or the council of a county

shall not include a reference to the County of London or the council thereof;

(b) any reference to a county borough or the council of a

county borough shall include a reference to the City of London or the Common Council thereof and to a metropolitan borough or the council thereof.

1953

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37

455

(3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, including this Act.

22. —(1) Any appointment made under any enactment repealed Savings, by this Act and having effect immediately before the commencement of this Act shall continue to have effect as if duly made under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(2) Any instrument made under any enactment repealed by this Act prescribing anything which may be prescribed under this Act shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, continue in force and have effect as if made under the corresponding provision of this Act.

(3) Any scheme made under section twenty-four of the Local Government Act, 1929, or made in like manner by virtue of subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty-one of that Act, being in either case a scheme in force immediately before the commencement of this Act, shall be deemed to have been prepared, submitted and approved in accordance with section fourteen of this Act.

(4) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(5) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

23. —(1) The enactments specified in the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect subject to the amendments respectively specified in that Schedule.

(2) The enactments set out in the Second Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent respectively specified in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule.

24. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Registration Service Act, Short title,

1953 extent and

commence-

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northernment* Ireland

(3) This Act shall come into force on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

Repeals and

consequential

amendments.

456

Ch. 37

Registration Service

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Section 23.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Consequential Amendments in other Enactments

A. The Births and Deaths Registration , 1836 (6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86.

1. In section thirty-five—

(a) for the words " one shilling ’* there shall be substituted the words " one shilling and sixpence (b) for the word "sixpence " where first occurring there shall be substituted the word "ninepence "; and

(c) for the words " two shillings and sixpence " there shall be substituted the words " three shillings and ninepence ".

B. The Non-parochial Registers , 1840 (3 & 4 Vict. c. 92.

2. In section five, for the words " between the hours of ten in the morning and four in the afternoon of every day, except Sundays and Christmas Day and Good Friday’* there shall be substituted the words " at any time when the General Register Office is open for that purpose *.

C. The Marriage and Registration , 1856 (19 & 20 Vict. c. 119.

3. In section twenty-four—

(a) for the words " one shilling * there shall be substituted the words " one shilling and sixpence *;

(b) for the word "sixpence * where first occurring there shall be substituted the word "ninepence"; and

(c) for the words " two shillings and sixpence * there shall be substituted the words " three shillings and ninepence

D. The Marriage Act, 1949 (12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 76.

4. In subsection (6) of section twenty-seven, for the words " one shilling" there shall be substituted the words "one shilling and sixpence ".

5. In subsection (1) of section twenty-nine for the words "five shillings * there shall be substituted the words " seven shillings and sixpence ",

6. In subsection (6) of section thirty-one for the words "one shilling" there shall be substituted the words "one shilling and sixpence

7. In subsection (5) of section thirty-two—

(a) for the words " one shilling " there shall be substituted the

words " one shilling and sixpence "; and

(b) for the words " one pound ten shillings " there shall be

substituted the words " two pounds five shillings ".

8. In subsection (6) of section forty-one for the words "three pounds " there shall be substituted the words " four pounds ten shillings ".

1953

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37

457

9. In subsection (4) of section forty-two, for the words " three pounds* there shall be substituted the words "four pounds ten shillings *.

10. In section fifty-one—

(a) for the words " ten shillings * there shall be substituted the

words " fifteen shillings *; and

(b) for the words " five shillings * there shall be substituted the

words " seven shillings and sixpence *.

11. In subsection (4) of section fifty-seven for the word "sixpence M there shall be substituted the word "ninepence *.

12. In subsection (2) of section fifty-eight, the words " so that they may be most readily seen and examined * shall be omitted.

13. In subsection (1) of section sixty-three—

(a) foi the words " one shilling * in both places where they occur there shall be substituted the words " one shilling and sixpence *;

(b) for the word "sixpence * where first occurring there shall be substituted the word "ninepence*; and

(c) for the words "two shillings and sixpence* there shall be substituted the words " three shillings and ninepence *.

14. In subsection (2) of section sixty-four—

(a) for the words " at all reasonable hours * there shall be substi-

tuted the words "at any time when the register office is required to be open for the transaction of public business *;

(b) for the words " five shillings ’* there shall be substituted the

words "seven shillings and sixpence*;

(<?) for the words " one shilling * there shall be substituted the words "one shilling and sixpence*; and

() for the words " two shillings and sixpence *’ there shall be substituted the words " three shillings and ninepence *.

15. In subsection (2) of section sixty-five—

(a) for the words " between the hours of ten in the morning and

four in the afternoon of every day, except Sundays, Christmas Day and Good Friday * there shall be substituted the words " at any time when the General Register Office is open for that purpose *;

(b) for the words " twenty shillings * there shall be substituted

the words " thirty shillings *;

(c) for the words " one shilling ’* there shall be substituted the

words "one shilling and sixpence*; and

() for the words "two shillings and sixpence* there shall be

substituted the words " three shillings and ninepence ’*.

P*

1st Sch. —corn.

458

Ch. 37

Registration Service

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Section 23.

SECOND SCHEDULE Repeals

Session and Chapter

6 & 7 Will. 4.

c. 85.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86.

7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 22.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 92

15 & 16 Vict.

c. 25.

17 & 18 Vict, c. 94.

19 & 20 Vict.

c. 119.

37 & 38 Vict,

c. 88.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 17.

1 & 2 Geo. 6.

c. 12.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 26.

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

The Marriage Act, 1836

The whole Act.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1837.

The Non-parochial Registers Act, 1840.

The General Register Office Act, 1852.

The Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854.

The Marriage and Registration Act, 1856.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.

The Local Government Act, 1929.

i

i

i

The Population (Statistics) Act, 1938.

The Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946.

Sections two, three, five to nine, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, twenty-nine, thirty-four and thirty-nine.

Sections nine to twelve, fourteen, fifteen, eighteen, twenty and twenty-two.

Section three from the beginning to the1 word " and *.

The whole Act.

In Schedule B, the words "salaries and contingencies of the General Register Office of Births, Deaths and Marriages, England—6 & 7 Will 4. c. 86 ".

Sections fifteen and sixteen.

Sections twenty-one, twenty-four to twenty-seven, thirty-one, thirty-two and thirty-three.

Sections twenty-one to twenty-five, twenty-seven and twenty-eight; in section one hundred and thirty-one, in proviso (b) to subsection (2), the words from " or a scheme " to "Minister" where next occurring; in the Tenth Schedule, paragraphs 6 and 7 and sub-paragraph (a) of paragraph 24.

In section three, subsection (1) so far as it relates to England and Wales; and subsection (2).

In the Second Schedule, the entry relating to the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.

1953

Registration Service

Act, 1953

Ch. 37, 38

459

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 76. The Marriage Act, 1949 Subsection (6) of section fifty-seven; subsection (2) of section fifty-eight from "so" onwards; in section fifty-nine the words from "in accordance with section " onwards; subsection (4) of section sixty-five; and in paragraph (a) of section seventy-four the words " superintendent registrars, registrars and".

14 Geo. 6.C.26 The Adoption Act, 1950 Subsection (5) of section seventeen.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. The Births and Deaths Subsection (3) of section forty-

c. 20. Registration Act, 1953. three.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title * Session and Chapter

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836 Non-parochial Registers Act, 1840 Marriage and Registration Act, 1856 Interpretation Act, 1889 Local Government Act, 1929 Population (Statistics) Act, 1938 Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949 Marriage Act, 1949 Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1953 6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 86. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 92. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 119. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63. 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 17. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 12. 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 33. 12,13*14 Geo. 6.C.76. 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 20.

CHAPTER 38

An Act to increase the amount of the advances which may be made to development corporations under section twelve of the New Towns Act, 1946.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In the proviso to subsection (1) of section twelve of the New Towns Act, 1946, as amended by the New Towns Act, 1952, (which, as so amended, limits to one hundred million pounds the aggregate amount of advances which may be made to development corporations under that subsection for defraying expenditure

p* 2

2nd Sch. —cont.

Advances to development corporations.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

IS & 16 Geo.6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 27.

460

Ch. 38, 39

New Towns , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Short title and citation.

Marshall

scholarships.

The Marshall Aid Commemoration Commission.

properly chargeable to capital account) for the words " one hundred million pounds " there shall be substituted the words " one hundred and fifty million pounds ".

2. This Act may be cited as the New Towns Act, 1953, and the New Towns Acts, 1946 and 1952, and this Act may be cited together as the New Towns Acts, 1946 to 1953.

CHAPTER 39

An Act to make provision for the granting of scholarships in commemoration of the assistance received by the United Kingdom under the European Recovery Programme and known as Marshall Aid; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For the purpose of providing, in each year, up to twelve scholarships (to be known as Marshall scholarships) tenable at universities or university colleges in the United Kingdom by citizens of the United States of America who are graduates of recognised institutions of higher learning in the United States of America, the Secretary of State may make, out of moneys provided by Parliament, grants to the commission established by this Act to defray the expenditure of the commission incurred for the said purpose, including administrative expenses incurred in connection therewith.

2.—(1) There shall be a commission, to be known as the Marshall Aid Commemoration Commission, to give effect to arrangements made by or with the approval of the Secretary of State—

(a) for administering the grants provided under the foregoing section,

(b) for the selection of the persons to receive Marshall scholarships, and

(c) for the placing of the holders of Marshall scholarships in universities or university colleges in the United Kingdom,

and to discharge such other functions in connection with Marshall scholarships as may be conferred on them by such arrangements.

1953

Marshall Aid Commemoration

Act, 1953

Ch. 39

461

(2) The Marshall Aid Commemoration Commission (hereinafter referred to as "the Commission") shall consist of not less than seven nor more than ten members appointed by the Secretary of State, of whom not less than two shall be chosen as persons of eminence in academic matters, and such one of the members as the Secretary of State may designate shall be chairman of the Commission.

(3) The quorum of the Commission shall be four.

(4) Subject to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, the Commission shall have power to act notwithstanding any vacancy in their number.

(5) The terms of office of members of the Commission shall be such as may be determined by the Secretary of State, and a member of the Commission on vacating office shall be eligible for re-appointment.

(6) The Commission shall, as soon as possible after the thirtieth day of September in each year, make to the Secretary of State a report on the discharge by them of their functions during the period of twelve months ending with that day, and the Secretary of State shall lay a copy of every report of the Commission under this section before each House of Parliament.

(7) As respects each financial year the Commission shall prepare accounts of their expenditure in such form as the Secretary of State may with the approval of the Treasury direct, and shall submit the accounts to the Secretary of State at such time as he may direct; and—

(a) the Secretary of State shall, on or before the thirtieth day

of November in any year, transmit to the Comptroller and Auditor General the accounts prepared by the Commission under this section for the financial year last ended;

(b) the Comptroller and Auditor General shall examine and

certify the accounts of the Commission transmitted to him under this section and lay before Parliament copies of the accounts, together with his report thereon.

3. This Act may be cited as the Marshall Aid Commemoration Short title. Act, 1953.

462 Ch. 40 University of St. Andrews 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

, 1953

CHAPTER 40

University of St. Andrews Actf 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Constitution of the University and Colleges.

2. Principal of the University.

3. University Court.

4. Heads of Colleges, and constitution of College Councils.

5. Functions of College Councils.

6. Provisions as to existing colleges, and transfer of property, etc.

7. Dissolution of Dundee School of Economics, and transfer of property,

etc.

8. Exemption from stamp duty on vesting of property under s. 6 or s. 7.

9. Appointment of Commissioners.

10. Staff and expenses of Commissioners.

11. Duration of powers of Commissioners and proceedings thereof.

12. Powers of Commissioners.

13. Provisions as to ordinances.

14. Compensation for loss of office.

-15. Short title, interpretation, commencement and repeals.

An Act to make provision for the re-organisation of University education in St. Andrews and Dundee, to amend the constitution of the University of St. Andrews, of University College, Dundee, and of other bodies or institutions concerned, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1953.]

WHEREAS by His Warrant dated the third day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-one. His late Majesty was pleased to appoint a Commission to inquire into the organisation of University education in Dundee and its relationship with the University of St. Andrews (in this Act referred to as "the University") and to recommend what changes, if any, should be made in the constitution, functions and powers of the University, of University College, Dundee, or of any other body or institution concerned;

And whereas in their report (in this Act referred to as "the report of the Commission") the said Commission have made recommendations with respect to the matters aforesaid:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same as follows:—

Constitution of 1.—(1) The University shall comprise three colleges, being the University unincorporated societies of teachers and students, namely, the and Colleges. United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard, St. Mary’s

1953 University of St. Andrews Ch. 40 463

Act, 1953

College and a College to be known by such name as the Secretary of State may determine and in this Act referred to as " the College in Dundee

(2) The United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard shall consist of the head of the College and of those teachers who provide instruction and matriculated students who engage in studies in the University wholly or mainly in that College;

St. Mary’s College shall consist of the Principal of the College and of those teachers who provide instruction and matriculated students who engage in studies in the University wholly or mainly in that College; and the College in Dundee shall consist of the head of the College and of those teachers who provide instruction and matriculated students who engage in studies in the University wholly or mainly in Dundee.

(3) Any question arising as to the College of which any teacher or student is, by virtue of the last foregoing subsection, a member shall be determined by the Commissioners appointed under this Act or, after the expiration of their powers, by the University Court

2. The Principal of the University shall be appointed by Her Principal of

Majesty. die University.

3. —(1) In subsection (1) of section five of the Universities University (Scotland) Act, 1889, for paragraph (i) (which specifies the Court, constitution of the University Court of the University of St. 52 & 53 Vict. Andrews) there shall be substituted the following paragraph— c* 55-

" (i) In the University of St. Andrews:—

(a) the Rector;

(b) the Principal of the University;

(c) the head of the United College of St. Salvator and

St. Leonard;

() the head of the College in Dundee;

(e) an assessor nominated by the Chancellor;

(/) an assessor nominated by the Rector;

Or) the Provost of St. Andrews for the time being, or an assessor nominated by him;

(h) the Lord Provost of Dundee for the time being, or an assessor nominated by him;

(0 four assessors, not being persons who are teachers in the University, elected by the General Council;

(j) six assessors elected from among its members by the Senatus Academicus, of whom three (two being professors and one a reader or lecturer) shall be members of the United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard or St. Mary’s College, and three (two being professors and one a reader or lecturer) shall be members of the College in Dundee;

464

Ch. 40

University of St. Andrews

Act, 1953

1 & 2 B2

(k) during the period of five years after the coming into force of section three of the University of St. Andrews Act, 1953, and during such further period (if any) not exceeding five years thereafter as Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct, three assessors appointed by Her Majesty in Council ".

(2) Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of the said section five with respect to the period of office of assessors, the assessors of the General Council in office at the passing of this Act shall, on the coming into force of this section, be deemed to have been elected thereunder as assessors by the General Council and as such shall be members of the University Court as reconstituted in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section and shall continue in office until the next biennial election by the General Council of assessors; and the periods for which the assessors elected at such election, and the assessors first elected by the Senatus Academicus after the passing of this Act, shall hold office shall be such as may be prescribed by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and different periods may be prescribed for different persons.

Heads of 4.—(1) The University Court shall appoint a person to be the

Colleges, and head Qf the United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard and "T a person to be the head of the College in Dundee, who shall Council respectively be known by such titles as may be determined by ordinances made by the Commissioners appointed under this Act

(2) There shall be constituted a College Council, to be known as the Council of the United College of St. Salvator and St Leonard and St. Mary’s College, which shall consist of—

(a) the head of the United College of St Salvator and St. Leonard;

(b) the Principal of the University;

(c) the Principal of St. Mary’s College;

() the Provost of St. Andrews or, if he is represented on the University Court by an assessor nominated by him, that assessor;

(e) the three members of the United College of St. Salvator

and St. Leonard or St. Mary’s College elected by the Senatus Academicus to be assessors on the University Court;

(/) four professors elected by the professors who are members of the United College of St. Salvator and St Leonard;

University of St. Andrews Ch. 40

Act, 1953

four persons, being readers or lecturers, elected by the readers and lecturers who are members of the United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard;

if there is among the foregoing persons no person (other than the Principal of St. Mary’s College) who is a member of St. Mary’s College, one person who is a teacher in St. Mary’s College elected by the teachers who are members of that College; and

such number (not exceeding six) of other persons, not being teachers in the University, appointed in such manner as may be prescribed by ordinances made by the Commissioners appointed under this Act.

(3) There shall be constituted a College Council, to be known as the Council of the College in Dundee, which shall consist of—

(a) the head of the College in Dundee;

(b) the Principal of the University;

(c) the Lord Provost of Dundee, or, if he is represented on the University Court by an assessor nominated by him, that assessor;

() the three members of the College in Dundee elected by the Senatus Academicus to be assessors on the University Court;

(e) the Dean of the Faculty of Medicine of the University;

(/) four professors elected by the professors who are members of the College in Dundee;

(g) four persons, being readers or lecturers, elected by the readers and lecturers who are members of the College in Dundee; and

(i h)six other persons, not being teachers in the University, appointed in such manner as may be prescribed by ordinances made by the Commissioners appointed under this Act.

(4) The head of the United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard shall be the chairman of the Council of the United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard and St. Mary’s College, and the head of the College in Dundee shall be the chairman of the Council of the College in Dundee, and in the absence of the head of the College a chairman for the time being shall be elected by the meeting.

The chairman of any meeting of a College Council shall have a deliberative vote and also a casting vote in the case of equality.

(5) Seven members of a College Council shall be a quorum.

(6) The College Councils shall be bodies corporate.

1953

(g)

(h)

(0

466

Functions of College Councils.

Ch. 40 University of St. Andrews 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Act, 1953

5*—(1) The University Court shall delegate to the College Councils, subject to any ordinances made by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, to such limitation as may be imposed by the University Court on the expenditure to be incurred for the purpose, and to such directions given from time to time by the University Court as the University Court shall deem essential, the performance of the following functions, that is to say—

(a) to maintain and manage the buildings and grounds belonging to the University in St. Andrews and in Dundee respectively, to allocate the use of such buildings among the departments of the University for which the University Court require accommodation to be provided, and to maintain, manage and administer any residences provided in St. Andrews and in Dundee respectively for teachers who provide instruction and students who are engaged in studies in the University;

(b) to employ such officers and servants (other than teaching staff) as may be necessary for the execution of the functions imposed on the Council by or under this Act;

(c) to provide facilities for further education for members of the adult population who are not members of the University, and to make recommendations to the University Court with respect to the appointment or assignment of teaching staff for the provision of such education;

() to take such measures as may seem to them proper for the provision and dissemination of information with respect to the educational and other facilities available at the University in St. Andrews and in Dundee respectively.

(2) It shall be the duty of the College Councils to perform such other functions as may be imposed on them by ordinances made by the Commissioners appointed under this Act or as may from time to time be delegated to them by the University Court or by the Senatus Academicus.

(3) The College Councils may—

(a) make representations and recommendations to the University Court and to the Senatus Academicus with respect to any matter affecting the administration of the University or the teaching therein;

(b) make recommendations to the University Court with respect to the appointment of readers, lecturers, assistants and other members of the teaching staff of the University in St. Andrews and in Dundee respectively;

1953

University of St. Andrews

Act, 1953

Ch. 40

467

(c) prepare and submit to the University Court estimates of the amounts required to be defrayed by the Council, whether out of annual revenues or out of capital, in the execution of the functions imposed on them by or under this Act.

6. —(1) The common law foundations known as the United Provisions as College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard and St. Mary’s Collegeto existing shall cease to be bodies corporate and their governing bodies tonsferof shall be dissolved, and the property and liabilities (including any property, etc. property and liabilities vested or arising under any trust) of the Colleges shall vest in the University Court.

(2) The deed of endowment and trust whereby provision was made for the establishment and maintenance of University College, Dundee, shall cease to have effect, and that College and its governing bodies shall be dissolved; and the property and liabilities (including any property and liabilities vested or arising under that or any other trust) of that College shall vest in the University Court.

(3) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be held to authorise the application by the University Court of the funds arising from any endowment thereby transferred to them to any purpose to which such funds were not, immediately before such transfer, applicable.

(4) Every person who, immediately before the date of the coming into force of this section, held the appointment to an office (other than the office of Principal of University College,

Dundee) in any of the Colleges aforesaid shall as from that date be deemed to have been appointed to the like office in the University and on the like terms and conditions as before that date, and, if a teacher, shall, in accordance with the provisions of section one of this Act, become a member of the appropriate College of the University:

Provided that if the Commissioners appointed under this Act, after taking into consideration any representations made to them by the person holding the appointment to the office concerned, determine that no like office in the University exists or that the office shall be abolished, the provisions of this subsection shall not have effect in relation to that person.

7. —(1) The deed of endowment and trust whereby provision Dissolution of was made for the establishment and maintenance of the Dundee

and East of Scotland Commercial College, usually known, and in transfer of this Act referred to, as the Dundee School of Economics, shall property, etc. cease to have effect, and that School shall be dissolved; and the property and liabilities (including any property and liabilities vested or arising under that or any other trust) of that School shall vest in the University Court.

468

Ch. 40

University of St. Andrews

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

(2) Nothing in the foregoing subsection shall be held to authorise the application by the University Court of the funds arising from any endowment thereby transferred to them to any purpose to which such funds were not, immediately before such transfer, applicable.

(3) Every person who, immediately before the date of the coming into force of this section, held the appointment to an office in the said School shall as from that date be deemed to have been appointed to the like office in the University and on the like terms and conditions as before that date, and, if a teacher, shall, in accordance with the provisions of section one of this Act, become a member of the appropriate College of the University:

Provided that if the Commissioners appointed under this Act, after taking into consideration any representations made to them by the person holding the appointment to the office concerned, determine that no like office in the University exists or that the office shall be abolished, the provisions of this subsection shall not have effect in relation to that person.

Exemption 8. Stamp duty shall not be chargeable under section twelve from stamp of the Finance Act, 1895 (which relates to the stamp duty payable

vrating of i11 connection with certain statutory conveyances) on any copy

property under of this Act or on any instrument relating to the vesting in the s. 6 or s. 7. University Court under the two last foregoing sections of this 58 & 59 Vict. Act of the property of University College, Dundee, and of the c. 16. Dundee School of Economics.

Appointment 9.—(1) Her Majesty may within three months after the

of Com- passing of this Act by Order in Council appoint a body of Commissioners. missioners (not exceeding six in number) to be styled "the

University of St. Andrews Commissioners ", and may appoint one of their number to be the chairman of the Commissioners.

(2) If any vacancy occurs among the Commissioners Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint a person to fill the vacancy.

(3) Every Order in Council made under this section shall be laid before Parliament after being made.

Staff and expenses of Commissioners.

10.—(1) The Commissioners may, with the consent of the Treasury as to number, employ such persons as they think necessary for the execution of their duties under this Act.

(2) There shall be paid to any person employed by the Commissioners such remuneration as the Treasury may determine, and all expenses incurred by the Commissioners in the execution of this Act, including the remuneration aforesaid, shall to an amount approved by the Treasury be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

1953

University of St. Andrews

Act, 1953

Ch. 40

469

11. —(1) The powers of the Commissioners shall become Duration of exercisable on such day as may be specified in the Order in Council powers of appointing the Commissioners and shall continue in force for

three years and during such further period (if any) thereafter as proceedings Her Majesty may by Order in Council direct. thereof.

(2) In the absence of the person appointed to be chairman of the Commissioners from any meeting, the Commissioners present shall choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

(3) The powers of the Commissioners may be exercised at any meeting at which three or more Commissioners are present.

(4) The person presiding at any meeting shall have a deliberative vote and also a casting vote in the case of equality.

(5) The Commissioners shall be a body corporate and shall have a common seal which shall be judicially noticed.

(6) An act of the Commissioners shall not be invalid by reason only of a vacancy in their numbers, but if at any time, and so long as, the number of persons acting as Commissioners is less than four, the Commissioners shall discontinue the exercise of their powers.

12. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commis- Powers of sioners shall have the like power to make ordinances as was, Commis-immediately before their powers became exercisable, vested insloners* the University Court, and shall, in addition, have power to make

such ordinances as may appear to them to be necessary or desirable for carrying into effect the provisions and purposes of this Act and, subject to any modifications which may appear to them to be expedient, the recommendations contained in the report of the Commission.

(2) The Commissioners shall have power to make recommendations in writing to the Scottish Universities Committee of the Privy Council with respect to any endowment vested in or administered by or in the gift of the University or any of the Colleges thereof; and where a recommendation has been so made with respect to any such endowment the Scottish Universities Committee shall have the like powers and duties with regard to the endowment as they would have with regard thereto by virtue of the provisions of subsection (5) of section one hundred and sixteen of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1946, if the University 9 & 10 Geo. 6. Court had intimated their consent to the endowment being c< 72* dealt with under that section.

13. —(1) The Commissioners shall, before making any Provisions as ordinance under this Act, consult with the University Courtto ordinances-and take into consideration any representations made by them.

470

Ch. 40

University of St. Andrews

Act, 1953

1 & 2 B 2

Compensation for loss of office.

Short title, interpretation, commencement and repeals.

(2) The provisions of section twenty-one of the Universities (Scotland) Act, 1889, with respect to the making of ordinances and to the proceedings to be taken after the making of ordinances by the University Court shall with the necessary substitutions apply in relation to the making of ordinances and to ordinances made under this Act by the Commissioners, and any such proceedings may be taken in relation to an ordinance made by the Commissioners notwithstanding that their powers have ceased to be exercisable before such proceedings are completed.

(3) So long as the powers of the Commissioners continue in force, the power of the University Court to make ordinances shall not be exercisable.

(4) Section twenty-one of the Universities (Scotland) Act, 1889, (which empowers the University Court to alter or revoke ordinances framed and passed under that Act) shall, after the expiration of the powers of the Commissioners under this Act, have effect as if any reference to ordinances framed and passed under that Act included a reference to ordinances made under this Act.

14. —(1) Any person who suffers loss of office or employment, or loss or diminution of emoluments or pension rights, which is attributable to the coming into force of any of the provisions of this Act or to anything done under any of those provisions, shall be entitled to compensation.

(2) Any compensation payable by virtue of the provisions of this section shall be paid by the University Court, and shall be of such amount as may be agreed between the University Court and the person entitled to die compensation or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by an arbiter appointed by the Lord President of the Court of Session.

15. —(1) This Act may be cited as the University of St. Andrews Act, 1953.

(2) The Commissioners appointed under this Act may by ordinance determine that any part of the University or any building or other property belonging to the University shall, notwithstanding that it is not situated in St. Andrews or in Dundee, be deemed for the purposes of this Act to form part of, or to belong to, the University in St. Andrews or in Dundee; and where the Commissioners have so determined, references in this Act to the University, or to buildings or other property belonging to the University, in St. Andrews or in Dundee, as the case may be, shall be construed accordingly.

(3) References in this Act to any enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by any subsequent enactment including this Act.

1953

University of St. Andrews

Act, 1953

Ch. 40, 41

471

(4) Section one in so far as may be necessary for the purpose of determining the persons qualified to be elected, or to elect persons, to offices under sections three and four of this Act, section two and sections nine to thirteen of this Act and this section shall come into force on the passing of this Act, and the provisions of this Act other than the said provisions shall come into force on such day as Her Majesty may by Order in Council appoint, and different days may be appointed for different purposes.

(5) In that portion of the Act twenty George the Second, chapter thirty-two, which relates to the right of patronage and presentment of the Principal and the several professors in the United College of St. Salvator and St. Leonard the words " Principal and " where they first occur, and subsection (6) of section five and section sixteen of the Universities (Scotland) Act, 1889, are hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 41

An Act to provide for the constitution of a Scottish Hospital Endowments Research Trust; to empower the Hospital Endowments Commission to transfer endowments to the said Trust; to amend the provisions of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, relating to the said Commission; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Secretary of State shall constitute, in accordance Scottish with the Schedule to this Act, a Scottish Hospital Endowments Hospital Research Trust (hereinafter referred to as " the Trust "). RwwSdh611*8

(2) It shall be the duty of the Trust to hold and administer Trust, funds on trust for the purpose of assisting the conduct of research into any matters relating to the causation, prevention, diagnosis or treatment of illness or mental deficiency or to the development of medical or surgical appliances including hearing aids.

(3) The Trust shall have power to accept, hold and administer in accordance with the said Schedule any property on trust for the purpose aforesaid.

r

472 Ch. 41 Hospital Endowments (Scotland) 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

, 1953

(4) Before deciding to give assistance in any particular case the Trust shall consult with any advisory committee on medical research which the Secretary of State may from time to time direct

(5) The Trust shall cause proper accounts to be kept of the capital, income and expenditure vested in, received by, and expended by them, and shall cause such accounts to be audited and an abstract thereof to be published in such manner as the Secretary of State may approve.

(6) The Trust shall make an annual report of their proceedings to the Secretary of State, which report shall include an abstract of the accounts, and the Secretary of State shall lay any such report before each House of Parliament.

Additional 2.—(1) The Hospital Endowments Commission shall have

power of power to frame and submit to the Secretary of State under EndPwments s®0^011 ®ight of th® National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947, Commission schemes for the transfer to the Trust of endowments transferred 10 & 11 Geo. 6. to Boards of Management under subsection (2) of section seven c. 27. of the said Act, and the provisions of the said section eight shall

apply to such schemes accordingly:

Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise the transfer to the Trust of endowments which in the aggregate yielded in the year ended the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-two, an income exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand pounds.

(2) Any sums received by the Trust in pursuance of the last foregoing subsection shall be applied by them in the discharge of their functions under this Act.

(3) Section eight of the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relates to the duty of the Hospital Endowments Commission to frame schemes for the government and management of endowments) shall be amended—

(a) by the insertion in subsection (2) after the words " this

Part of this Act " of the words " for the government and management of endowments so transferred and

(b) by the substitution in the said subsection for the words

" such endowments " in the second place where those words occur, of the words "endowments transferred under the said subsection (2) or under the power conferred by this subsection

Regulations. 3.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations for any

of the following matters:

(a) the appointment, and tenure and vacation of office, of the

members of the Trust;

(b) the procedure of the Trust;

(c) the appointment, remuneration and conditions of service

of officers of the Trust;

1953

Hospital Endowments ( )

Act, 1953

Ch. 41

473

() the making of payments from the funds of the Trust

to the members thereof in respect of any loss of earnings they would otherwise have made or any additional expenses (including travelling and subsistence expenses) to which they would not otherwise have been subject, being loss or expenses necessarily suffered or incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform duties as members of the Trust;

(e) any matters consequential on or incidental to any of the

aforesaid matters.

(2) The power conferred by the last foregoing subsection to make regulations shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

4.—(1) This Act shall extend to Scotland only and may be Extent, cited as the Hospital Endowments (Scotland) Act, 1953, and the National Health Service (Scotland) Acts, 1947 to 1952, andconstructl011-this Act may be cited together as the National Health Service (Scotland) Acts, 1947 to 1953.

(2) Save where the context otherwise requires, expressions in this Act have the same meanings as in the National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947.

SCHEDULE

Scottish Hospital Endowments Research Trust Section 1.

1. The Trust shall consist of a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State and such number of other members so appointed as the Secretary of State may from time to time determine.

2. The Trust shall be a body corporate.

3. The Trust shall have power to purchase land and to invest in

any securities in which trustees are authorised to invest under or in pursuance of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921. 11 * 12 G®0 5-

4. The Trust shall have, in relation to their funds, the like powers as trustees have in relation to their trust estate under subsection (1) of section four of the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921.

5. Where the Trust borrow money or draw upon capital to meet expenditure of a capital nature, they shall set aside annually a sum sufficient to repay such loan or draff within a period which, unless the Secretary of State otherwise approves in any case, shall not exceed thirty years:

Provided that, in the case of a draft on capital to the extent only of surplus income added to capital, the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not apply.

6. The proceedings of the Trust shall not be invalidated by any vacancy in the membership thereof or by any defect in the appointment of a member.

474

Ch. 42

Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 42

Valuation for Rating , 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Repeal of ss. 74 to 82 of 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

2. New provisions for ascertaining gross value of dwelling-houses, private

garages and private storage premises.

3. Definitions of "dwelling-house", "private garage" and "private

storage premises ".

4. Reduction of gross value in case of certain hereditaments partly used

as private dwellings.

5. Modification of gross value in case of agricultural dwellinghouses.

6. Special provision where additional services are provided by landlord.

7. Financial provisions.

8. Short title, interpretation and extent.

An Act to make new provision as respects the gross value for rating purposes of dwelling-houses, private garages and private storage premises, and of certain hereditaments partly used as private dwellings; and for purposes connected with the matter aforesaid.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Repeal of ss. 74 1. Sections seventy-four to eighty-two of the Local Government

to 82 of 11 & Act, 1948 (which relate to the gross value for rating purposes of

12£e°- 6. dwelling-houses as therein defined) are hereby repealed,

c. /o.

New 2.—(1) For the purpose of making or altering the first valuation

provisions for lists made after the passing of tins Act, the gross value for rating purposes of a hereditament which is either a dwellingdwelling- house or a private garage or private storage premises (as herein-houses, private after defined respectively) shall not be ascertained by reference to garages and the definition of gross value in section sixty-eight of the Rating private storage an(j Valuation Act, 1925 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the premises. Act of 1925 ") or in section four of the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869 (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Act of 1869 "), but shall be an amount equal to the rent specified in the next following subsection:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in a case where that rent exceeds the amount which would be the gross value of the hereditament if ascertained by reference to the said definition. 2

(2) The said rent is that at which the hereditament in question might reasonably have been expected on or about the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine, to let from year

1953

Valuation for Rating Act, 1953

Ch. 42

475

to year if the tenant had undertaken to pay all usual tenant’s rates and taxes and if the landlord had undertaken to bear the cost of the repairs and insurance, and the other expenses, if any, necessary to maintain the hereditament in a state to command that rent.

(3) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection it shall be assumed—

(a) that the hereditament was subsisting on and about the said thirtieth day of June in the state in which it actually subsists at the time of valuation; and (b) that the locality in which the hereditament is situated was on and about the said day in the same state, as respects the other premises situated in that locality and (subject to the next following subsection) as respects the occupation and use of those premises, as respects the transport services and other facilities available to persons living or working in the locality, and as respects other matters affecting the amenities of the locality, as it is at the time of valuation.

(4) In the application of paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection as respects the occupation and use of other premises in the locality which are used for residential purposes, and were so used on or about the said thirtieth day of June, any increase since the said day in the number of persons so using the premises shall be disregarded except in so far as it affects the amenities of the locality or of the hereditament whose gross value is being ascertained.

(5) Where in ascertaining the gross value of a dwelling-house it becomes apparent that, by reason of either or both of the following circumstances, namely—

(a) the effect of the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions Acts, 1920 to 1938, in relation to any other dwelling accommodation, and

(b) the existence in the locality on and about the said thirtieth day of June of a marked scarcity or abundance of dwelling accommodation, or of any particular kind of dwelling accommodation,

the rent referred to in subsection (2) of this section would apart from this subsection be unduly high or unduly low in relation to the rents which prevailed on and about that day for other kinds of dwelling accommodation in the locality, or which then prevailed in neighbouring localities, then (without prejudice to the assumptions aforesaid) the said rent shall be determined as if on and about that day all the accommodation in the locality of a kind comparable with the dwelling-house had been due shortly to become available for letting free from any restrictions (whether on rent or on the recovery of possession) imposed by the said Acts of

476

Ch. 42

Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 1 & 2 . 2

Definitions of " dwelling-house ",

" private garage " and " private storage premises *\

1920 to 1938 and without any marked deficiency or excess in the amount of such accommodation as compared with the number of persons acceptable as tenants of such accommodation and genuinely competing for tenancies thereof.

(6) Nothing in the last preceding subsection shall be construed as affecting the principle that, in determining the gross value of a hereditament for rating purposes, no account is to be taken of any restriction on rent in so far as it limits the rent which may be required or recovered from a tenant of that hereditament.

(7) For the purposes of this section the time of valuation, in relation to any act done or proceeding taken for the purpose mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, shall be taken to be the time by reference to which the gross value of the hereditament in question would for the purposes of that act or proceeding have fallen to be ascertained if this section had not been enacted.

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, in this Act— the expression "dwelling-house" means a hereditament used wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings; the expression "private garage" means a hereditament having a floor space not exceeding two hundred and forty square feet and used as a lock-up garage, other than a hereditament which—

(a) forms part of the premises in which a business of providing services for motor vehicles is carried on, or

(b) is provided by the keeper of a hotel, inn, guesthouse or boarding-house and used wholly or mainly for the motor vehicles of his guests, or

(c) is used as a garage for a motor vehicle chargeable with duty under section three, four or five of the Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949 (which sections comprise hackney carriages, tractors and goods vehicles), whether it is also used for any other vehicle or not; and

the expression " private storage premises " means a hereditament used wholly in connection with a dwelling-house or dwelling-houses and so used wholly or mainly for the storage or accommodation of any of the following articles belonging to persons residing in that dwelling-house or those dwelling-houses, namely, household stores and other articles of domestic use and light vehicles (that is to say, bicycles, tricycles, perambulators and other similar vehicles) whether mechanically propelled or not.

(2) For the purposes of this Act a hereditament which is used for the letting of rooms singly for residential purposes shall be deemed not to be used for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings if the whole, or substantially the whole, of the available accommodation is used for such lettings; but save as

1953

Valuation for Rating Act, 1953

Ch. 42

477

aforesaid a hereditament shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be used otherwise than wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings by reason that one or more rooms therein are let for residential purposes.

In this subsection " the available accommodation " means so much of the accommodation in the hereditament in question as is suitable for being used for the letting of rooms singly for residential purposes.

(3) For the purposes of this Act a hereditament shall be deemed not to be used for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings if it consists wholly or mainly of land used as sites for moveable dwellings within the meaning of section two hundred and sixty-nine of the Public Health Act, 1936.

(4) For the purposes of this Act a hereditament shall not be deemed to be used otherwise than wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings by reason of either or both of the following circumstances, that is to say—

(a) that it includes a garage, outhouse, garden, yard, court, forecourt or other appurtenance which is not used, or not used wholly, for the purposes of a private dwelling;

(b) that part of the hereditament, not being a garage, outhouse, garden, yard, court, forecourt or other appurtenance, is used partly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings and partly for other purposes, unless that part was constructed, or has been adapted, for those other purposes.

(5) A hereditament shall not be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be used otherwise than wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings by reason that a person who resides in the hereditament, or in part thereof, is required or permitted to reside there in consequence of his employment or of holding an office.

(6) In this section references to the letting of rooms are references to the letting thereof by way either of a tenancy or of a licence, and either with or without board or other services or facilities.

4.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, this section shall apply Reduction of to any hereditament which satisfies the following conditions, gross value in that is to say—

(a) that it consists partly of premises used wholly for thepartiy uae^ as purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings and private partly of premises not so used; and dwellings.

0 b) that not less than one-tenth of the unreduced gross value of the hereditament is attributable to the premises used wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings.

(2) In this section the expression " the unreduced gross value ", in relation to a hereditament, means the amount which apart

478

Ch. 42

Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 1 & 2 2

Modification of gross value in case of agricultural dwelling-houses.

from this section would be the gross value thereof in accordance with the definition of gross value in the Act of 1925 or the Act of 1869, as the case may be.

(3) In ascertaining, for the purpose of making or altering the first valuation lists made after the passing of this Act, the gross value of any hereditament to which this section applies, there shall be calculated—

(a) the amount which represents the proportion of the unreduced gross value thereof which is attributable to that part of the hereditament which is used wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings; and

(b) the amount which would represent the proportion of the gross value of the hereditament so attributable if the gross value thereof fell to be ascertained in accordance with the provisions of this Act relating to dwelling-houses;

and, if the amount referred to in paragraph (a) of this subsection exceeds the amount referred to in paragraph (6) thereof, the gross value of the hereditament for the said purpose shall be the unreduced gross value thereof reduced by the difference between those amounts.

(4) This section shall not apply to—

(a) any hereditament being or comprising premises which are licensed for the sale of intoxicating liquor for consumption on the premises;

(b) any hereditament which does not fall within the description "houses and buildings without land other than gardens " within the meaning of the enactments relating to the ascertainment of rateable value; or

(c) any industrial or freight-transport hereditament (within the meaning of the Rating and Valuation (Apportion-ment) Act, 1928),

and shall not apply to a hereditament where the premises not used wholly for the purposes of a private dwelling or private dwellings are or include premises used for the purposes of a hotel inn, guest-house or boarding-house or for the letting of rooms singly for residential purposes.

(5) Subsections (4) to (6) of the last preceding section shall apply for the purposes of this section, with the substitution, for references in those subsections to a hereditament, of references to premises.

5.—(1) In relation to a dwelling-house occupied in connection with agricultural land and used as the dwelling of a person who—

(a) is primarily engaged in carrying on or directing agricultural operations on that land, or

1953

Valuation for Rating , 1953

Ch. 42

479

(b) is employed in agricultural operations on that land in the service of the occupier thereof and is entitled, whether as tenant or otherwise, so to use the premises only while so employed, subsection (2) of section two of this Act shall have effect as if the undertaking on the part of the tenant referred to in that subsection had incorporated a provision precluding the hereditament from being occupied otherwise than in connection with agricultural land and from being used otherwise than as the dwelling of such a person as aforesaid.

(2) In the application of subsection (2) of the last preceding section to a hereditament, where the premises referred to in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of that section are premises occupied and used as first mentioned in the preceding subsection, the definition of gross value in the Act of 1925 or the Act of 1869, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have effect as if any letting of the hereditament from year to year would necessarily be on terms precluding those premises from being occupied and used otherwise than as aforesaid.

(3) Section seventy-two of the Local Government Act, 1929 (which makes provision corresponding to subsection (1) of this section) shall apply for the purposes of the proviso to subsection (1) of section two of this Act, that is to say, for determining what would be the gross value if Ascertained as mentioned in that proviso, but shall not apply for the purpose of ascertaining the gross value of a hereditament where that value falls to be ascertained in accordance with the said subsection (1).

(4) In this section the expression " agricultural land " has the meaning assigned to it by section two of the Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928.

6,—(1) Where for the purpose of ascertaining the gross value Special of a hereditament which is either a dwelling-house or a private provision garage or private storage premises regard is had to the rent additional payable under an existing or former tenancy thereof and to the services other circumstances relating to such a tenancy, and those circum- provided by stances include or included the provision by the landlord of services landlord, to which this section applies, or an undertaking on the part of the landlord to provide such services, any profit which the landlord makes or made, or which he might be expected to make or have made, in providing those services shall be excluded in determining how much of that rent is or was attributable to the provision of those services or the undertaking to provide them.

(2) The services to which this section applies are any services other than the payment of the cost of repairs and insurance and of the other expenses, if any, necessary to maintain the hereditament in a state to command the rent payable under the tenancy in question.

480 Ch. 42 Valuation for Rating Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(3) Subsection (1) of this section shall have effect whether the gross value of the hereditament falls to be ascertained in accordance with subsection (1) of section two of this Act or by reference to the definition of gross value in section sixty-eight of the Act of 1925 or in section four of the Act of 1869; and where the gross value of a dwelling-house or a private garage or private storage premises falls to be ascertained by reference to the said definition in section sixty-eight of the Act of 1925, that definition shall apply as if the proviso thereto (which provides that no account shall be taken of the value of such services as aforesaid) were omitted:

Provided that nothing in this section shall apply for the purpose of altering any valuation list in force at the passing of this Act.

Financial 7. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament

provisions. any increase which is attributable to the provisions of this Act— (a) in the sums payable out of moneys so provided under subsection (1) of section one hundred and forty-three of the Local Government Act, 1948 (which relates to the remuneration and expenses of valuation officers and their assistants and to the expenses of Ministers in consequence of that Act);

(b) in the Exchequer Equalisation Grants payable under Part I of the said Act of 1948.

Short title, 8.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Valuation for Rating Act,

interpretation 1953, and extent.

(2) The definition of "hereditament " in section sixty-eight of the Act of 1925 shall apply for the purposes of this Act and (in the application of this Act to London) shall so apply as if that Act extended to London.

(3) Except in so far as the context otherwise requires, any reference in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to Northern Ireland.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 1869 Rating and Valuation Act, 1925 Rating and Valuation (Apportionment) Act, 1928 Local Government Act, 1929 Public Health Act, 1936 Local Government Act, 1948 Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949 32 & 33 Vict. c. 67. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 90. 18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 44. 19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 17. 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 49. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 89.

1953 National Insurance Ch. 43 481

(Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953

CHAPTER 43

National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) , 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Amendments as to insurable employments (ships and aircraft).

2. Power to modify basis of contributions in special cases.

3. Amendments dealing primarily with benefit.

4. Amendments dealing with the determination of claims and questions.

5. Amendments as to advisory bodies.

6. Further power to extend benefits to past cases.

7. Payments out of voted moneys.

8. Consequential and transitional provisions.

9. Short title, citation, construction, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—. 40 (2) and (3) of the principal Act in the original and revised forms.

Second Schedule—Consequential and transitional provisions.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the system of insurance established by the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, and to extend the class of persons to whom certain benefits may be paid under section eighty-two of that Act and the benefits under that Act which may be so paid.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In relation to any prescribed employment in connection Amendments with a ship or vessel, being employment which would be included as to insurable in paragraph 2 of the insurable employments Schedule if the ship employments or vessel were within sub-paragraph (2) of the paragraph, that ^raft) paragraph shall apply (in addition to the ships or vessels within sub-paragraph (2) of it) to any prescribed ships or vessels, whether British or not:

Provided that the paragraph shall not by virtue of this subsection apply to a ship or vessel in relation to any employment unless the person by whom the remuneration in respect of that employment is paid, or, in the case of employment as master or member of the crew of the ship or vessel, either that person or the owner of the ship or vessel (or managing owner if there is more than one owner), has a place of business in Great Britain. 2

(2) In relation to any prescribed employment in connection with an aircraft, being employment which would be included in paragraph 5 of the insurable employments Schedule if the aircraft

Q

482

Ch. 43

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

were within sub-paragraph (2) of the paragraph, that paragraph shall apply (in addition to the aircraft within sub-paragraph (2) of it) to any prescribed aircraft, whether registered in the United Kingdom or not:

Provided that the paragraph shall not by virtue of this subsection apply to an aircraft in relation to any employment unless the person by whom the remuneration in respect of that employment is paid, or, in the case of employment as pilot, commander, navigator or member of the crew of the aircraft, either that person or the owner of the aircraft (or managing owner if there is more than one owner), has a place of business in Great Britain.

(3) Any employment under a contract—

(a) to act as master or member of the crew of such of the

ships or vessels of a particular owner or owners as may be determined in accordance with the contract; or

(b) to act as pilot, commander, navigator or member of the

crew of such of the aircraft of a particular owner or owners as may be so determined;

shall be deemed to be included in sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 2 or sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 5, of the insurable employments Schedule, or in paragraph 2 or 3 of the excepted employments Schedule, where the employment would be so included in the case of each ship or vessel, or each aircraft, if the contract related to it alone.

(4) After paragraph 2 of the insurable employments Schedule there shall be inserted—

" 2A.—(1) In the case of a qualified British radio officer, employment under a contract to act as radio officer on board such ships or vessels as may be determined in accordance with the contract, where the contract is a contract of service, the remuneration in respect of the employment is paid by a person having a place of business in Great Britain and any other prescribed conditions are satisfied, not being employment while the person employed is serving as radio officer on board a ship or vessel. 2

(2) In this paragraph the expression * qualified British radio officer ’ means a person who possesses qualifications enabling him to be radio officer on board a British ship registered in the United Kingdom of a class required under section three of the Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949, to carry a radio officer, and the expression ‘ radio officer * includes radio operator ";

and in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section seventy-seven of the principal Act (by virtue of which regulations may modify the principal Act in its application to mariners, that is to say,

1953

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953

Ch. 43

483

to persons who are insured persons by virtue of paragraphs 2,

3 and 4 of the insurable employments Schedule) for the words " paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 " there shall be substituted the words " paragraphs 2, 2A, 3 and 4

(5) For the purposes of this section—

(a) the expression " owner " has in relation to a ship or vessel the same meaning as in paragraph 2 of the insurable employments Schedule, and in relation to an aircraft the same meaning as in paragraph 5 of the insurable employments Schedule; and

(b) the expressions " the insurable employments Schedule "

and " the excepted employments Schedule " mean respectively Part I and Part II of the First Schedule to the principal Act.

2. —(1) In relation to persons in any prescribed employment Power to being insurable employment, regulations may provide that the modify basis of contributions to be paid under paragraph (a) of section two ^stSdaV0118 the principal Act by the employer and the insured person shall cases*

be determined by reference to work actually done by the insured person or by a group of persons of whom he is one, or to remuneration paid to him or to such a group, instead of by reference to the weeks in which the insured person is employed.

(2) Any such regulations may contain such incidental or supplementary provisions (including provisions modifying any provision of the principal Act relating to contributions) as appear to the Minister to be expedient for the purposes of the regulations.

(3) No regulations made under this section shall have effect in relation to any employment which is for the time being an employed contributor’s employment within the meaning of the National Insurance Act, 1946.

3. —(1) For subsection (1) of section twelve of the principal Amendments Act (which defines the circumstances in which an insured person dcfdin8..

is entitled to disablement benefit) there shall be substituted the wU™ benefit, following subsections:—

" (1) Subject to the next following subsection, an insured person shall be entitled to disablement benefit if he suffers as the result of the relevant accident from loss of physical or mental faculty such that the extent of the resulting disablement assessed in accordance with the following provisions of this section amounts to not less than one per cent.; and for the purpose of those provisions there shall be deemed not to be any relevant loss of faculty when the extent of the resulting disablement, if so assessed, would not amount to one per cent.

484

Ch. 43

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(1A) Disablement benefit shall not be available to an insured person until after the third day of the period of one hundred and fifty-six days (Sundays being disregarded) beginning with the day of the relevant accident nor until after the last day (if any) of that period on which he is incapable of work as the result of the relevant accident: Provided that, where he makes a claim for disablement benefit in respect of the accident before the end of that period and does not withdraw it before it is finally determined, then if on any day of that period not earlier than the making of the claim he is not incapable of work as aforesaid, the fact that he is or may be so incapable on a subsequent day of the period shall be disregarded for the purposes of this subsection

and in subsection (4) of section eleven of the principal Act (which defines " the injury benefit period ") the proviso shall be omitted and at the end of the subsection there shall be added the words " or the part of that period for which, under subsection (1A) of section twelve of this Act, disablement benefit in respect of the accident is not available to the insured person

(2) Regulations may provide for treating a person for the purposes of the principal Act as incapable of work by reason of some specific disease or bodily or mental disablement, or as incapable of work as the result of an accident or injury, when he would not be so treated apart from the regulations, and may also make provision—

(a) as to the days which, in the case of a person who at any

time is or is to be treated as incapable of work as the result of an accident or injury, are or are not to be treated for the purpose of benefit as days of incapacity for work; and

(b) as to the day which, in the case of night workers and

other special cases, is to be treated for the purpose of benefit as the day of the accident.

(3) For section sixteen of the principal Act (which provides for increasing the disablement pension of a beneficiary who, after becoming entitled to the pension, enters a hospital or similar institution to receive approved hospital treatment) there shall be substituted the following section:—

16. Where a person is awarded disablement benefit, but the extent of his disablement is assessed for the period taken into account by the assessment at less than a hundred per cent., it shall be treated as assessed at a hundred per cent, for any part of that period during which he receives approved hospital treatment (whether before or after the making of the assessment or the award of benefit):

" Increase of

disablement

benefit during

approved

hospital

treatment.

1953

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) , 1953

Ch. 43

485

Provided that, where the extent of the disablement is so assessed at less than twenty per cent., this section shall not affect the * operation of the provisions relating to disablement gratuities, but, in the case of a disablement pension payable by virtue of this section to a person awarded a disablement gratuity wholly or partly in respect of the same period, the weekly rate of the pension (after allowing for any increase provided for by this Act) shall be reduced by the amount prescribed as being the weekly value of his gratuity

(4) Section nineteen of the principal Act (which deals with death benefits for widows) shall be amended in subsection (3) by the substitution in paragraph (b) of the words " was over the age of forty at the end of a period for which she was entitled to such an allowance " for the words " has attained the age of fifty during a period for which she was entitled to such an allowance

4,—(1) A decision given by the Minister, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, may be reviewed by him under subsection (6) of section thirty-seven of the principal Act if he is satisfied that the decision was given in ignorance of, or was based on a mistake as to, some material fact, in any case in which it may be reviewed by him under that subsection on new facts being brought to his notice.

(2) For subsections (2) and (3) of section forty of the principal Act (which in the First Schedule to this Act are set out as originally enacted in the first column of the Schedule) there shall be substituted the subsections set out in the second column of that Schedule.

(3) Where, in connection with a claim for disablement benefit, it is decided that the relevant accident has not resulted in a loss of faculty the decision—

(a) may be reviewed under subsection (2) of section forty

of the principal Act as if it were an assessment of the extent of disablement resulting from a relevant loss of faculty; but

(b) subject to any further decision on appeal or review,

shall be treated as deciding the question whether the relevant accident has so resulted both for the time about which the decision was given and for any subsequent time.

Where a final assessment of the extent of the disablement resulting from a loss of faculty is made for a period limited by reference to a definite date, it shall be treated for the purposes of this subsection as deciding that at that date the relevant accident has not resulted in a loss of faculty.

Amendments dealing with the determination of claims and questions.

486

Ch. 43

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Amendments as to advisory bodies.

(4) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section fifty of the principal Act (which authorises a decision of an insurance officer, a local appeal tribunal or the Commissioner to be reviewed where an insurance officer or a local appeal tribunal is or are satisfied by fresh evidence that the decision was given in ignorance of, or was based on a mistake as to, some material fact), shall have effect, as respects decisions given before or after the commencement of this Act, as if before the words " satisfied by fresh evidence " there were inserted the words " satisfied and, in the case of a decision of the Commissioner

(5) Regulations may make provision for requiring the leave of the Commissioner or of a local appeal tribunal for an appeal to the Commissioner from a local appeal tribunal, and for regulating the cases in which leave is to be granted, and for any incidental or supplementary matters (including the time and manner in which applications for leave to appeal are to be made); and so much of section forty-seven of the principal Act as makes the leave of a local appeal tribunal or the Commissioner necessary for such an appeal, or relates to applications for the granting of such leave, shall not apply where the decision appealed against is given after the coming into force of any such regulations.

(6) In the proviso to subsection (1) of section forty-one of the principal Act (which limits to three months the period to be taken into account where, by virtue of that section, the extent of a person's disablement is assessed by a single medical practitioner instead of a medical board), and in subsection (3) of that section (which deals with matters of procedure arising out of that proviso), for the words "three months" there shall be substituted the words " six months

(7) References in the principal Act to medical practitioners shall include persons outside the United Kingdom who are not registered medical practitioners but have qualifications corresponding, in the opinion of the Minister, to those of a registered medical practitioner.

5.—(1) The Minister may pay to the chairman and other members of the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council such salaries or other remuneration as he may with the consent of the Treasury determine, either in lieu of or in addition to any expenses or travelling or other allowances payable to them under subsection (3) of section sixty-one of the principal Act.

(2) The Minister may pay—

(a) to persons who are not members of the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council, but who at the invitation of the Council are joined with members of the Council as advisers at a meeting of the Council or a committee thereof held to consider questions on which they are specially qualified, such fees as he may with the consent

1953

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953

Ch. 43

487

of the Treasury determine, either in lieu of or in addition to any expenses or travelling or other allowances payable to them apart from this paragraph; and

(b) to persons attending meetings of any committee of the Council at the request of the Council or of the committee, such expenses and travelling and other allowances as he may so determine.

(3) In subsection (1) of section forty-two of the National Insurance Act, 1946 (which enables regulations to make provision for referring to local advisory committees questions bearing upon the administration of that Act and for incidental matters), the reference to that Act shall include a reference to the principal Act,

6.—(1) Section eighty-two of the principal Act (which enables Further regulations to confer the right to an unemployability supplement or constant attendance allowance under that Act on persons benefits to having after the commencement of that Act a right to workmen's past cases, compensation in respect of employment before the commencement of that Act) shall have effect as if any reference therein to a person being entitled in respect of any injury or disease to weekly payments by way of compensation under the Workmen’s Compensation Acts, or under any contracting out scheme duly certified thereunder, included a reference to a person being entitled to payments on account of an injury pension payable under or by virtue of any enactment in respect of an injury received or disease contracted by him before the commencement of the principal Act or in respect of his retirement in consequence of such an injury or disease.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection the expression " injury pension " includes any pension or similar benefit payable in respect of a person’s employment or former employment, being a pension or benefit which would not be payable or would be payable at a less rate but for an injury or disease referable to that employment.

(3) In subsection (1) of the said section eighty-two (which is the provision enabling regulations to confer the right to an unemployability supplement on such persons as aforesaid) after the words " the like right to payments under this Act by way of unemployability supplement " there shall be inserted the words " and the like right to payments under this Act in respect of a child or adult dependant and accordingly in subsection (3) of that section (which provides for applying the appropriate provisions of the Act to payments under the section) after the words " unemployability supplement " there shall be inserted the words " to an increase of a disablement pension in respect of a child or adult dependant ".

488

Ch. 43

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Payments out of voted moneys.

7. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament any increase in the contributions so payable under paragraph (b) of section two of the principal Act, being an increase attributable—

(a) to the provisions of this Act extending the employments

in connection with ships, vessels and aircraft which are insurable employments; or

(b) to the provisions of this Act relating to the payment of

contributions in respect of an insured person otherwise than by reference to weeks in which the insured person is employed;

and any expenses incurred by the Minister or any other Government department by virtue of this Act (including expenses attributable to the provisions of section five about local advisory committees under the National Insurance Act, 1946) shall be treated as expenses in carrying the principal Act into effect for the purposes of section sixty of that Act (which provides for the payment of such expenses out of moneys provided by Parliament subject to reimbursement to the Treasury out of the Industrial Injuries Fund).

Consequential

and

transitional

provisions.

8. The Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purpose of making consequential and transitional provisions arising out of the foregoing sections.

Short title, 9.—(l) This Act may be cited as the National Insurance

dtatl°?* (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953, and this Act and the National extentland>n’ Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, 1946 to 1952, may be cited commence- together as the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Acts, ment. 1946 to 1953.

(2) In this Act the expression " the principal Act " means the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946, and this Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland, except that the power of the Parliament of Northern Ireland by virtue of subsection (4) of section eighty-four of the principal Act to enact provisions corresponding to any provision of that Act shall extend to enacting provisions corresponding to any provision of that Act as amended by this Act.

(4) This Act, except in so far as it enlarges the powers of the Parliament of Northern Ireland, shall not come into force until such day as the Minister may appoint by order made by statutory instrument:

Provided that any power under this Act to make regulations may be exercised before the day so appointed, but so that the regulations do not come into force before that day except as provided in the Second Schedule to this Act.

1953 National Insurance Ch. 43

(Industrial Injuries) , 1953

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Section 4.

. 40 (2) AND (3) OF THE PRINCIPAL ACT IN THB ORIGINAL and Revised Forms

Original form

(2) Any assessment of the extent of the disablement resulting from the relevant loss of faculty may also be reviewed by a medical board, if satisfied that since the making of the assessment there has been a substantial and unforeseen aggravation of the results of the relevant injury:

Provided that an assessment shall not be revised under this subsection unless the medical board are of opinion that, having regard to the period taken into account by the assessment and the probable duration of the aggravation aforesaid, substantial injustice will be done by not revising it.

(3) Except with the leave of a medical appeal tribunal, an assessment shall not be reviewed under the last foregoing subsection on any application made less than five years, or, in the case of a provisional assessment, six months, from the date thereof, and (notwithstanding the provisions of Part II of this Act) on such a review the period to be taken into account by any revised assessment shall not include any period before the date of the application.

Revised form

(2) Any assessment of the extent of the disablement resulting from the relevant loss of faculty may also be reviewed by a medical board, if satisfied that since the making of the assessment there has been an unforeseen aggravation of the results of the relevant injury.

(3) An assessment made, confirmed or varied by a medical appeal tribunal shall not be reviewed under the last foregoing subsection without the leave of a medical appeal tribunal, and (notwithstanding the provisions of Part II of this Act) on a review under the last foregoing subsection the period to be taken into account by any revised assessment shall only include a period before the date of the application for the review if and in so far as regulations so provide.

SECOND SCHEDULE Section s.

Consequential and Transitional Provisions Arising out of s. 2 of this Act

1.—(1) In subsection (1) of section thirty-six of the principal Act, in paragraph (a) (which lists the questions under that Act which are questions for the decision of the Minister) there shall be inserted after sub-paragraph (iv) the following sub-paragraph—

M (ivA) whether any employment is or was one in respect of which contributions are or were payable in accordance with regulations under section two of the National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953 *.

Q*

490

Ch. 43

National Insurance

(Industrial Injuries) , 1953

1 & 2 B2

2nd Sch. (2) In subsection (1) and the proviso to subsection (6) of section —cont. thirty-seven of the principal Act (which relates to appeals from and

reviews of decisions under sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the said paragraph (a)), for the words " sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) " there shall in each case be substituted the words " sub-paragraphs (i) to (ivA)

Arising out of s. 3 (1) of this Act

2. —(1) Subject to the next following sub-paragraph, subsection (1) of section three of this Act—

(a) shall have effect in relation to accidents happening at any time whether before or after the commencement of this Act; but

(b) shall not affect benefit rights in respect of any period before

that commencement.

(2) In connection with any claim for benefit made before the commencement of this Act, the said subsection (1) shall be disregarded in determining the date when the injury benefit period is to be treated as coming to an end, and shall not be taken as making disablement benefit available to the claimant before that date; but in connection with any claim for benefit made after that commencement, the date when the injury benefit period is to be treated as coming to an end shall, notwithstanding paragraph (b) of the foregoing sub-paragraph, be determined in accordance with the said subsection (1), unless the claimant has made an earlier claim in respect of the same accident before that commencement and not withdrawn it before its final determination.

(3) Subject to the foregoing sub-paragraphs, the said subsection (1) shall be deemed always to have had effect, and regulations may make such provision as appears to the Minister to be necessary or expedient for cases where a claim for disablement benefit has been made before the commencement of this Act and the claimant becomes entitled to disablement benefit by virtue of the said subsection (1), and for any other matters of a transitional nature in connection with that subsection.

(4) Regulations may be made under the last foregoing sub-paragraph to come into force before the day appointed for the commencement of this Act.

(5) In section thirty-six of the principal Act, sub-paragraph (ii) of paragraph (c) of subsection (1) (which includes the question whether a loss of faculty is likely to be permanent among the questions to be determined by a medical board or medical appeal tribunal), is hereby repealed, except as respects any question affecting an award in respect of a period before the commencement of this Act.

Arising out of s. 3 (3) of this Act

3. —(1) Subsection (3) of section three of this Act shall apply to persons receiving approved hospital treatment at the commencement of this Act or at any time afterwards, whether or not they were awarded disablement benefit before that commencement; but a person shall not by virtue of that subsection be entitled to an increase of benefit under section sixteen of the principal Act in respect of any period before the commencement of this Act.

1953 National Insurance Ch. 43

(Industrial Injuries) , 1953

(2) References in this paragraph and in the principal Act to an increase of benefit under section sixteen of the principal Act shall include a disablement pension payable by virtue of that section to a person awarded a disablement gratuity, as well as an increase under that section in a person’s disablement pension.

Arising out of s. 4 (2) of this Act

4. Subsection (2) of section four of this Act shall apply to assessments made before or after the commencement of this Act, except that, where an application for the review of an assessment has been made before that commencement, the subsection shall not apply to require the leave of a medical appeal tribunal for the review on the ground that the assessment was made, confirmed or varied by a medical appeal tribunal.

Arising out of s.4 (3) of this Act

5. —(1) Subject to the following sub-paragraphs, subsection (3) of section four of this Act shall apply to decisions given before or after the commencement of this Act, except that it shall not affect any claim for benefit made before that commencement.

(2) Where disablement benefit is or has been awarded on a claim made before the commencement of this Act to a person who has made an earlier claim in respect of the same accident, the said subsection (3) shall not apply to any decision given on the earlier claim.

(3) The reference in the said subsection (3) to an assessment of the extent of the disablement resulting from a loss of faculty shall not be taken as applying to any assessment made for the purpose of paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection 0) of section twelve of the principal Act as originally enacted, and having the effect that benefit is not payable.

Arising out of s.4 (5) of this Act

6. In section forty-seven of the principal Act, the proviso to subsection (1) and subsections (3) to (5) are hereby repealed, except as respects appeals from a decision given before the coming into force of regulations made under subsection (5) of section four of this Act.

General

7. —(1) For the purposes of any provision of the principal Act relating to regulations under that Act and of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, regulations under this Act shall be treated as regulations under the principal Act.

(2) In subsection (2) of section fifty-six of the principal Act (which relates to the application of Parts II and III of that Act in relation to industrial diseases and industrial injuries not caused by accident), the references to Part II and to Part III of that Act shall be treated as including respectively subsection (2) of section three and subsections

(1), (3) and (5) of section four of this Act, as well as the provisions of this Act expressly amending the Part of the principal Act in question.

Q* 2

491

2nd Sch —com.

492

Ch. 43, 44

National Insurance 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Industrial Injuries) Act, 1953

o/ Statutes referred to in this Act

Mechanical

lighters.

Duties on certain sound* recorded material.

Short Title Session and Chapter

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946 National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946 National Insurance Act, 1946 Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 62. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 43.

CHAPTER 44

An Act to amend the law with respect to customs in the Isle of Man.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) As from the first day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, the duties of customs imposed by section five of the Act of 1949 shall not be payable on component parts of mechanical lighters, but shall be payable on mechanical lighters removed or imported into the Isle of Man incomplete as well as complete; and for the purposes of the said duties any prescribed component of a mechanical lighter, or assembly which includes such a component (other than an assembly forming a complete mechanical lighter) shall be deemed to be a mechanical lighter, but incomplete.

(2) In this section the expression " prescribed component " in relation to any class or description of mechanical lighters means the component (if any) for the time being prescribed by or under any enactment in relation to that class or description for the purposes of the duties of customs charged on mechanical lighters imported into the United Kingdom.

(3) Subject to the amendments made by this section, the duties of customs imposed by the said section five of the Act of 1949 shall continue to be payable until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

2.—(1) Where duty is payable on the removal or importation into the Isle of Man of any goods being tapes, wires, discs or other articles which have been recorded with sound by any means, except—

(a) exposed cinematograph film; and

1953

Isle of Man (Customs) , 1953

Ch. 44

493

(b) goods, appearing to the Commissioners to have been produced in quantity for general sale as so recorded, and the amount of that duty would apart from this subsection exceed the amount which would be so payable if those goods had not been used for recording sound, the duty payable on those goods shall be charged only up to the last-mentioned amount.

(2) Any provision in an Act of the present Session relating to Finance which varies the duties of customs on exposed cinematograph film and which is to be treated for the purposes of the power of revoking or varying an order of the Treasury under the Import Duties Act, 1932, or under section fourteen of 22 & 23 Geo. 5 the Finance Act, 1933, as if contained in such an order shall also be treated as if contained in such an order for ^3 *24 Geo‘5* the purposes of section two of the second Act of 1932c* or, as the case may be, section twelve of the Act of 1933 (under which the Governor may as respects duties payable on goods removed or imported into the Isle of Man make provision corresponding respectively to that made by an order of the Treasury under the Import Duties Act, 1932, or section fourteen of the Finance Act, 1933).

3.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the duties of Annual duties customs imposed on goods removed or imported into the Isle (continuation), of Man, being goods of the descriptions set out in the first column of the following Table, by the respective enactments set out in the second column of that Table, shall continue to be payable until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four:—

Table

Description of goods

Enactment imposing duty

Ale and beer

Cocoa

Hops and extracts, essences and other similar preparations (other than hop oil) made from hops.

Hop oil

Matches

Silk and artificial silk and articles made wholly or in part of silk or artificial silk.

Spirits Sweets Tea ... Tobacco Wines

Section three of the Act of 1950. Section four of the Act of 1924. Section five of the Act of 1925.

Section three of the Act of 1929.

Section one of the Act of 1951.

Section seven of the Act of 1925, as amended by section eight of the Act of 1926; section nine of the second Act of 1932; section four of the Act of 1933; section three of the Act of 1936; section three of the Act of 1937; section four of the Act of 1947; and subsection (2) of section five of the Act of 1948.

Section two of the Act of 1948.

Section three of the Act of 1949.

Section one of the Act of 1949.

Section one of the Act of 1948.

Section two of the Act of 1949.

494

Ch. 44, 45

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(2) Where any enactment set out in the second column of the foregoing Table confers power on the Governor to make orders varying or repealing the duties of customs payable on the goods referred to in that enactment or imposing a new duty on such goods, the provisions of that enactment relating to the said power shall continue in force until the said first day of August, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect subject to any orders made in pursuance of any such power (whether before or after the commencement of this Act) which are for the time being in force.

Short title 4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man (Customs) Act,

and repeal. 1953.

(2) In subsection (1) of section five of the Act of 1949 the words " or component part of a mechanical lighter other than a flint " are hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 45

School Crossing Patrols , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Arrangements for patrolling school crossings.

2. Power of school crossing patrols to stop traffic.

3. Financial provisions.

4. Application to Scotland.

5. Short title and extent.

Schedule—Areas and authorities for agreements under .I. (5).

An Act to provide for the authorisation of measures for the control of traffic, at places where children cross roads on their way to or from school, by persons other than police constables.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Arrangements for patrolling school crossings.

1.—(1) Arrangements may be made by the appropriate authority for the patrolling of places where children cross roads on their way to or from school, during periods between the hours of eight in the morning and half-past five in the afternoon when children are so on their way, by persons appointed by or on behalf of the appropriate authority, other than police constables.

1953

School Crossing Patrols

Act, 1953

Ch. 45

(2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection the appropriate authority shall be—

(a) as respects places not in the metropolitan police district,

other than places in the City of London, the council of the county or county borough in which the places in question are;

(b) as respects places in the City of London, the Common Council of the City; and

(c) as respects places in the metropolitan police district, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.

(3) The functions of the appropriate authority for the purpose of arrangements under subsection (1) of this section shall include the duty to satisfy themselves of the adequate qualifications of persons appointed to patrol, and to provide requisite training of persons to be appointed.

(4) In taking decisions as to making arrangements under subsection (1) of this section the council of a county, and the said Commissioner, shall have regard to any representations nqpde to them or him by local authorities for localities in the county, or in the said district, as the case may be.

(5) Any arrangements made under subsection (1) of this section as respects places in an area of a description mentioned in the first column of the Schedule to this Act, being arrangements made by the council mentioned in relation to that description of area in the second column of that Schedule, may include an agreement between the council and the police authority mentioned in relation thereto in the third column of that Schedule for the performance by the police authority, on such terms as may be specified in the agreement, of such functions for the purposes of the arrangements as may be so specified.

(6) A person appointed to patrol in accordance with arrangements under this section is in this Act referred to as a school crossing patrol.

2.—(1) When between the hours of eight in the morning and Power of half-past five in the afternoon a vehicle is approaching a place in scho^i_ a road where children on their way to or from school are crossing jStrobto or seeking to cross the road, a school crossing patrol shall (subject stop traffic, to subsection (3) of this section) have power, by exhibiting a prescribed sign, to require the person driving or propelling the vehicle to stop it.

496

Ch. 45

School Crossing Patrols

Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(2) When a person has been required under the preceding subsection to stop a vehicle—

(a) he shall cause the vehicle to stop before reaching the place where the children are crossing or seeking to cross and so as not to stop or impede their crossing; and

(b) the vehicle shall not be put in motion again so as to reach the place in question so long as the sign continues to be exhibited.

Any person who fails to comply with paragraph (a) of this subsection, or who causes a vehicle to be put in motion in contravention of paragraph (b) thereof, shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) On and after a date to be fixed by order of the Secretary of State the power conferred on a school crossing patrol by subsection (1) of this section shall be exercisable only if the patrol is wearing a uniform approved by the Secretary of State.

(4) The power conferred by paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section six of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, on a court before which a person is convicted of any criminal offence in connection with the driving of a motor vehicle to order him to be disqualified for holding or obtaining a licence to drive a motor vehicle shall not be exercisable by virtue of the conviction of a person of an offence under subsection (2) of this section if it is his first or second conviction of an offence thereunder.

(5) In this Act—

" prescribed sign " means a sign of a size, colour and type prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Transport, which may provide for the attachment of reflectors thereto or for the illumination thereof, and, if the said Minister authorises the use of signs of a description not so prescribed, includes a sign of that description;

" road " has the same meaning as in the Road Traffic Act, 1930, that is to say, means any highway and any other road to which the public has access, and includes bridges over which a road passes.

(6) For the purposes of this section—

(a) where it is proved that a sign was exhibited by a school crossing patrol, it shall be presumed to have been of a size, colour and type prescribed, or of a description authorised, as aforesaid, and, if it was exhibited in circumstances in which it was required by the regulations to be illuminated, to have been illuminated in the prescribed manner, unless the contrary is proved; and

1953

School Crossing Patrols

Act, 1953

Ch. 45

497

(b) where it is proved that a school crossing patrol was wearing uniform, the uniform shall be presumed, unless the contrary is proved, to have been a uniform approved by the Secretary of State.

(7) The powers conferred by this section on the Secretary of State to fix a date for the purposes of subsection (3) thereof, and on the Minister of Transport to make regulations, shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, and a statutory instrument whereby the said power conferred on the Minister of Transport is exercised shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

3.—(1) In respect of expenditure incurred by such a council Financial as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or ( ) of subsection (2) of provisions, section one of this Act for the purposes of arrangements made by the council under subsection (1) of that section, and in respect of expenditure directed (in accordance with subsection (3) of this section) to be paid out of the metropolitan police fund for the purposes of arrangements so made by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, there shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament such sums not exceeding one-half of the expenditure as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Treasury direct, and subject to such conditions as he may with the like consent determine.

(2) Sums paid under the preceding subsection shall—

(a) in the case of sums paid in respect of expenditure incurred

by a council, be paid to the council;

(b) in the case of sums paid in respect of expenditure directed to be paid out of the metropolitan police fund, be paid into that fund.

(3) For the purposes of any arrangements made under subsection (1) of section one of this Act by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, there shall be paid out of the metropolitan police fund such expenditure as the Secretary of State may direct to be so paid.

(4) There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) administrative expenses incurred by the Secretary of State

for the purposes of this Act;

(b) any increase in the Exchequer Equalisation Grant payable

under Part I or Part II of the Local Government Act,

1948, which is attributable to the provisions of this Act.

4«—(1) The provisions of this section shall have effect for the Application purposes of the application of this Act to Scotland. to Scotkml-

498

Ch. 45

School Crossing Patrols

Act, 1953

1 & 2 2

Short title and extent.

(2) For subsections (2), (4) and (5) of section one of this Act there shall be substituted the following subsections, that is to say—

"(2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection the appropriate authority shall be—

(a) as respects places in a county (exclusive of any large

burgh, and inclusive of any small burgh, situated therein), the county council; and

(b) as respects places in a large burgh, the town council

of the burgh ".

" (4) In taking decisions as to making arrangements under subsection (1) of this section a county council shall have regard to any representations made to them by the council of any district or small burgh situated in the county, and the town council of a large burgh, other than a county of a city, shall have regard to any representations made to them by the education authority in whose area the burgh is situated

" (5) Any arrangements made by a council under subsection (1) of this section may include an agreement between the council and any other local authority whose area for any purpose comprises the place to which the arrangements relate for the performance by that other local authority, on such terms as may be specified in the agreement, of such functions for the purposes of the arrangements as may be so specified".

(3) In this Act—

(a) " district ", " large burgh " and " small burgh " have the

same meanings respectively as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947;

(b) " education authority " has the same meaning as in the

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946; and

(c) " local authority " has the same meaning as in the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, save that it also includes a joint police committee constituted by virtue of the Police (Scotland) Act, 1946.

5.—(1) This Act may be cited as the School Crossing Patrols Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

1953 School Crossing Patrols Ch. 45

Act, 1953

SCHEDULE

Areas (in England or Walbs), and Authorities, for Agreements under .l (5)

Description of Area Council Police Authority

1. So much of any county as is comprised in a combined area. The county council. The combined police authority for the combined area.

2. A county borough comprised in a combined area. The county borough council. The combined police authority for the combined area.

3. A non-county borough which is a separate police area. The council of the county comprising the borough. The police authority for the borough.

4. A county borough whose police force is consolidated with a county police force. The county borough council. The police authority for the county.

. So much of any county as is not within the metropolitan police district and does not fall within paragraph 1 or 3 of this Schedule. 1 The county council. The police authority for the county.

In this Schedule the expression " combined area " has the same meaning as in the Police Act, 1946, references to the police authority for a county are references to the police authority for so much of the county as is not comprised in a police area other than the county, and the reference in paragraph 4 of this Schedule to the consolidation of a borough police force with a county police force is a reference to its being consolidated therewith in pursuance of a consolidation agreement within the meaning of section twelve of the Police Act, 1946.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Road Traffic Act, 1930 Police Act, 1946 Police (Scotland) Act, 1946 Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 Local Government Act, 1948 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 46. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 71. 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 72. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 26.

499

Section 1.

500

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 46

Licensing Act, 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

The General Licensing System

Justices' licence

Section

1. Justices* licence.

Licensing justices

2. Licensing justices and districts.

3. General annual licensing meeting.

4. Power of licensing justices to grant licences.

New licence

5. Grant of new licence.

6. Grant of new on-licence. Special provisions. Monopoly value.

7. Monopoly value where current on-licence surrendered.

8. Confirming authority.

9. Confirmation of new justices* licence.

10. Provisional grant of licence for building not yet constructed.

Renewal of licence.

11. Renewal of licence.

12. Power to require structural alterations on renewal of on-licence.

13. Restricted power of licensing justices to refuse renewal of old off-

licence.

14. Restricted power of licensing justices to refuse renewal of old on-

licence.

15. Reference of application for renewal to compensation authority.

16. Proposal for surrender not to be considered.

17. Compensation on non-renewal of old on-licence.

18. Compensation authority and compensation fund.

19. Purchase under Part III of 26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 51, or Part IV

of 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51 of premises to which an old on-licence is attached with a view to non-renewal or surrender.

Transfer and removal of licences Protection orders

20. Transfer sessions.

21. Transfer of licence.

22. Power to carry on business after death, bankruptcy, etc., of licence

holder.

23. Protection order.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

501

Section

24. Removal of licence.

25. Ordinary removal

26. Special removal.

27. Provisional grant of ordinary removal to premises not yet completed.

28. Power of licensing justices to restrict repeated applications for transfer

or special removal.

General provisions

29. Power on application for licence to dispense with preliminary require-

ments.

Persons and premises disqualified for licence

30. Persons disqualified for holding licence.

31. Premises disqualified for receiving any licence.

32. Premises disqualified for receiving on-licence.

33. Ascertainment of annual value.

34. Disqualification of persons and premises. Additional provisions.

Appeal to quarter sessions from licensing justices

35. Appeal to quarter sessions against refusal of renewal, transfer or

special removal, etc.

36. Award of costs in appeal against party.

37. Award of costs of licensing justices on appeal out of local funds.

Clerk to licensing justices

38. Clerk to licensing justices.

39. Clerk to licensing justices not to act professionally in licensing

matters.

Register of Licences. Registered owner

40. Register of licences to be kept in licensing district.

41. Registration of owner. Registered owner indorsed on licence.

42. Register to be evidence.

43. Duty of licensing justices to have regard to entries in register of

licences.

44. Inspection of register.

Justices' licences and protection orders Supplemental provisions

45. Duration of licence.

46. Forgery of licence.

47. Proof of licences and protection orders.

48. Disqualification of justices.

49. Rules.

50. Returns by confirming and compensation authorities to the Secretary

of State.

51. Fees.

52. Metropolitan area.

Part II War Damaged Areas

53. Licensing planning areas.

54. Licensing planning committee.

55. Variation and abolition of licensing planning areas.

502

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Section

56. General duties of licensing planning committee.

57. Submission and approval of proposals by licensing planning com-

mittee.

58. Removals in licensing planning area.

59. New licences in licensing planning area.

60. Extinguishment of licences in licensing planning area and suspension

of provisions as to compensation fund.

61. Temporary premises.

62. Regulations.

63. Membership of licensing planning committee not to disqualify

licensing justice.

64. County of London.

65. Proposals for planning removals and surrender of licences in London.

66. Interpretation.

67. Duration of Part II.

Part III New Towns

68. Committee to determine distribution of licensed premises in new

town.

69. General duties of committee.

70. Submission and approval of proposals by committee.

71. Grant of new licences and removals in new towns.

72. Temporary licensed premises.

73. Membership of committee not to disqualify licensing justice.

74. Dissolution of development corporation.

75. Meaning of " new town ". Revocation of order designating proposed

new town. Variation of order.

Part IV The Carlisle District

76. Powers of Secretary of State in relation to Carlisle district.

77. Restriction of sale and supply, otherwise than by Secretary of State,

of intoxicating liquor in Carlisle district.

78. Acquisition of land.

79. Provision of alternative accommodation where licensed premises

acquired.

80. Licences in suspense in Carlisle district.

81. Expenses and receipts of Secretary of State.

82. Interpretation.

Part V

Suspension of Licences by reason of War Circumstances

83. Suspension of licence where business discontinued owing to war

circumstances.

84. Restoration to full force of licence in suspense.

85. Extinguishment of licences in suspense when suspension no longer

justified.

86. Extinguishment of licence in suspense on grounds of conduct or

fitness.

87. Extinguishment of licence in suspense on reference to compensation

authority.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

503

Section

88. Discontinuance of business taking place during proceedings for

renewal.

89. Transfer of licence in suspense.

90. Appeal to quarter sessions from licensing justices.

91. Supplemental.

Part VI

Suspension of Licences by reason of Compulsory Acquisition

92. Suspension of justices’ licence where licensed premises are com-

pulsorily acquired or temporary premises cease to be available.

93. Removal of licence in suspense.

94. Restoration to full force of licence in suspense.

95. Extinguishment of licences in suspense when suspension no longer

justified.

96. Extinguishment of licence in suspense on reference to compensation

authority. Discontinuance of business taking place during proceedings for renewal.

97. Transfer of licence in suspense.

98. Appeal to quarter sessions from licensing justices.

99. Supplemental.

Part VII The Permitted Hours General Provisions

100. Prohibition of sale and consumption of liquor except during permitted ,

hours.

101. Permitted hours in licensed premises on weekdays.

102. Permitted hours in licensed premises on Sundays, Christmas Day and

Good Friday.

103. Permitted hours in clubs.

104. Extension of permitted hours on week days in restaurants, etc.

105. Permitted hours. Supplemental provisions.

106. General order of exemption.

107. Special order of exemption.

108. Orders of exemption. Jurisdiction of justices.

109. Six-day licence.

110. Early closing licence.

Wales and Monmouthshire

111. Wales and Monmouthshire.

The metropolis

112. Permitted hours in the metropolis.

113. Special hours certificates for hotels and restaurants in the metropolis.

114. London County Council’s certificate of suitability of club premises

for music and dancing.

115. Special hours certificates for clubs in the metropolis.

116. Grant of special hours certificate limited to part of year.

117. Permitted hours where special hours certificate in force.

118. Revocation of special hours certificate.

119. Special hours certificates. Supplemental provisions.

504

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part VIII

General Provisions Regulating Sale of Intoxicating Liquor

Illegal Sale

Section

120. Selling liquor without licence.

121. Liquor of kind not authorised by licence not to be kept on premises.

122. Delivery from vehicles, etc.

123. Intoxicating liquor not to be sold on premises of unregistered club.

124. Penalty for breach of condition of off-licence.

125. Intoxicating liquor not to be supplied for consumption off premises

of club except to members.

Persons under age

126. Children prohibited from bars.

127. Persons under 18 not to be employed in bars.

128. Restriction on sale or delivery of intoxicating liquor to children.

129. Restriction on supply of intoxicating liquor to young persons for

consumption on the premises.

Offences relating to measure

130. Sale by standard measure.

131. Long pull prohibited.

Sale on credit

132.]. Restriction on credit sales.

Structural alterations

133. Communication between licensed premises and places of public

resort.

134. Consent of licensing justices required for certain alterations to licensed

premises.

Particulars of licence to be affixed to premises

135. Name of holder of licence, etc. to be affixed to licensed premises.

Provisions for preserving order in licensed premises

136. Licence holder not to permit drunkenness, etc.

137. Procuring drink for drunken person.

138. Power to exclude drunkards, etc., from licensed premises.

139. Prostitutes not to be allowed to assemble on licensed premises.

140. Permitting licensed premises to be a brothel.

141. Gaming on licensed premises.

142. Offences in relation to constables.

Part IX Registration of Clubs

143. Registration of clubs.

144. Striking club off register.

145. Search warrant to enter club.

146. Metropolitan stipendiary court area.

147. Oxford.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

505

Part X

Occasional Licences and Parties for Gain

Section

148. Occasional licences.

149. Prohibition of consumption of intoxicating liquor outside permitted

hours at parties organised for gain.

150. Supplemental provisions as to parties organised for gain.

Part XI Supplemental

151. Right of constables to enter premises.

152. Search warrant.

153. Licence or exemption order to be produced on demand.

154. Proof of sale or consumption of intoxicating liquor.

155. Notice of conviction of licence-holder to be given to owner.

156. Temporary licence pending appeal against conviction.

157. Magistrates* courts, etc., not to sit in licensed premises.

158. Closing of licensed premises in case of riot.

159. Justices to act by majority.

160. Prosecution of offences.

161. Local jurisdiction of magistrates' courts and licensing justices.

162. Service of notices, etc.

163. Orders, rules and regulations.

164. Exemptions and savings.

165. Interpretation.

166. Application of Act to Isles of Scilly.

167. Application of certain provisions of Act to prosecutions under the

Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1906.

168. Repeal.

169. Short title, extent and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule—Constitution and Procedure of Licensing Authorities. Part I—Licensing Committees.

Part II—Confirming and Compensation Authorities.

Second Schedule—General Annual Licensing Meeting and Transfer Sessions.

Part I—General Annual Licensing Meeting.

Part II—Transfer Sessions.

Third Schedule—Application for Licence.

Part I—New Licence.

Part II—Transfer of Licence.

Part III—Ordinary Removal.

Part IV—Special Removal.

Fourth Schedule—Compensation Levy.

Part I—Scale of Charges for Compensation Levy.

Part II—Scale of Deductions from Rent.

Fifth Schedule—Value Qualification of Premises.

Part I—On-Licences: General Rule.

Part II—On-Licences not Authorising Sale of Spirits.

Part III—Refreshment Houses Licensed for Sale of Wine on 10th August, 1872, for Consumption on Premises.

506

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2Euz 2

Justices*

licence.

Sixth Schedule—Fees Payable to Clerks to Licensing Justices.

Seventh Schedule—Licensing Planning Committees.

Eighth Schedule—Committee for new town.

Ninth Schedule—The Carlisle District.

Part I—Extent of the District.

Part II—Ancillary Functions exercisable by Secretary of State.

Part III—Supplemental provisions as to the exercise of functions of Secretary of State.

Tenth Schedule—Enactments repealed.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to justices’ licences for the sale by retail of intoxicating liquor and to the registration of clubs and to matters connected therewith with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

The General Licensing System

Justices’ licence

1.—(1) For the purposes of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952. and this Act, the expression " justices* licence *’ means a licence granted by licensing justices under this Act.

(2) A justices* licence may be for the sale of intoxicating liquor for consumption either on or off the premises for which the licence is granted (in this Act referred to as a "justices* on-licence *’), or for the sale of intoxicating liquor for consumption off the said premises only (in this Act referred to as a " justices' off-licence ’*).

(3) A justices* licence shall be in such form as the Secretary of State may prescribe, and may authorise the person to whom it is granted to take out as many excise licences as the justices* licence may specify.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

507

Licensing justices

2. —(1) Each of the following areas shall be a licensing district for the purposes of this Act, that is to say, a borough having a separate commission of the peace, a county, exclusive of any such borough, not divided into petty sessional divisions and a petty sessional division of a county.

(2) For a county licensing district the licensing justices shall be a committee of the justices acting for the petty sessions area forming the district known as the "divisional licensing committee ".

(3) For a borough licensing district the licensing justices shall be a committee of the borough justices known as the " borough licensing committee ".

(4) Licensing committees shall be constituted, and their procedure shall be regulated, in accordance with Part I of the First Schedule to this Act.

3. For the purpose of granting justices’ licences, the licensing justices for each licensing district shall every year hold a general annual licensing meeting in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Act, licensing justices may at their general annual licensing meeting grant a justices’ licence to any such person, not disqualified under this or any other Act for holding a justices’ licence, as they think fit and proper:

Provided that the justices may grant a licence by way of transfer or special removal at transfer sessions as well as at their general annual licensing meeting.

New licence

5. —(1) An applicant for a new justices’ licence shall give the notices, and deposit the plans, required by Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) Subject to sections fifty-nine and seventy-one of this Act, the grant of a new justices’ licence by the licensing justices shall not be valid unless it is confirmed by the confirming authority. 6

6. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following section, licensing justices shall attach to the grant of a new justices’ on-licence such conditions as, having regard to proper provision for suitable premises and good management, they think best adapted for securing to the public any monopoly

Part I —com.

Licensing justices and districts.

General

annual

licensing

meeting.

Power of licensing justices to grant licences.

Grant of new licence.

Grant of new

on-licence.

Special

provisions.

Monopoly

value.

Ch. 46

Licensing 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

HA

kw i value that is represented by the difference between the value that —emt. the premises anil in their opinion bear when licensed and the value of the premises unlicensed:

Provided that, in estimating the value as licensed premises of hotels and other premises where the profits are not wholly derived from the sale of intoxicating liquor, no increased value arising from profits not so derived shall be taken into consideration.

(2) The licensing justices may attach to the grant of a new justices' on-licence such conditions governing the tenure of the licence and any other matters as they think proper in the interests of the public:

Provided that no payment shall be required in pursuance of a condition attached under this subsection.

(3) Subject to section seventy-two of this Act, licensing justices shall not grant a new on-licence for premises unless the premises are in their opinion structurally adapted to the class of licence required.

(4) The licensing justices may, if they think fit, instead of granting a new justices' on-licence for twelve months as provided by section forty-five of this Act, grant it for any other term not exceeding seven years.

(5) Where under the last preceding subsection a licence is granted for a term other than twelve months, the licence shall not require renewal during the term, and any application for a regrant of the licence on the expiration of the term shall be treated as an application for a new justices’ licence, and not as an application for the renewal of the licence.

(6) Payments made in pursuance of any condition attached to a licence under subsection (1) of this section shall be collected in the same way as the duties on local taxation licences within the meaning of the Local Government Act, 1888, and shall be paid into the Exchequer. 7

(7) Without prejudice to the provisions of this or any other Act enabling a justices' licence to be forfeited, a new justices’ on-licence granted for a term other than twelve months under subsection (4) of this section may be forfeited—

(a) by an order of a magistrates’ court made on complaint,

where the court is satisfied that a condition imposed under this section has not been complied with;

(b) by order of any court by or before which the holder of the licence is convicted of any offence committed by him as such.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

509

(8) A person aggrieved by an order of a magistrates* court Part I under the last preceding subsection may appeal to a court of —cont. quarter sessions.

(9) On confirming the grant of a new justices’ on-licence, the confirming authority may, with the consent of the licensing justices, vary any conditions attached to the grant of the licence under this section.

(10) This section, except subsection (3), does not apply to a new justices* on-licence for the sale of wine alone or sweets alone.

(11) On an application for the grant of a new justices’ on-licence to which this section applies the justices shall hear on the question of the payments to be imposed under subsection (1) of this section any person authorised in that behalf by the Commissioners.

7.—(1) The condition to .be attached under subsection (1) Monopoly of the last preceding section shall, where the requirements vaIue where of the next following subsection are satisfied, provide for^Steioe reducing the amount to be paid if, on or before the grant of surrendered, an excise licence in pursuance of the new justices’ licence, there is surrendered another justices* on-licence, being either—

(a) a licence for the same premises as the new one, or a

licence in suspense under this Act that was last in force for those premises, or

(b) a licence for other premises in the same licensing district or the same licensing planning area, or the same area for which a committee is constituted under section sixty-eight of this Act, or a licence in suspense under this Act that was last in force for other premises there.

(2) The preceding subsection shall not apply unless—

(a) the justices are satisfied that the surrender will not reduce the amount payable on some other grant, and ib) where the licence to be surrendered is a licence for, or last in force for, other premises than those for which (the new licence is granted—

(i) the other premises are specified in the notice of application for the new licence, and

(ii) a copy of the notice of the application is served on any person, other than the applicant, who is the registered owner of the other premises or who is the holder of the licence to be surrendered, and

(iii) the justices are satisfied that no objection is made by any such person as aforesaid or by any other person whom they may determine to have the right to object.

510

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eijz. 2

Part I

—cow/.

Confirming

authority.

(3) A copy of a notice, if served under the last preceding subsection by post, shall be served by registered post

(4) The amount of the reduction to be provided for shall be the amount, or, if more than one licence is surrendered, aggregate amount, of the monopoly value given up by the surrender.

(5) The amount of the monopoly value given up by the surrender of a licence for, or last in force for, any premises shall be determined by the licensing justices for the district where the premises are or were; and—

(a) an application to have the said amount determined may be made at the general annual licensing meeting or at a transfer sessions and may be made before the application for the new licence; and

(b) where the two applications are made separately, then in the proceedings relating to the determination of the said amount any person authorised by the Commissioners shall have the like right to be heard as if the proceedings related to the grant of the new licence.

(6) Subject to the next following subsection, the said amount shall be that represented by the difference between the value that the premises would, in the opinion of the justices, bear if the licence to be surrendered were to remain in force and the value of the same premises unlicensed:

Provided that, in estimating the value with the licence to be surrendered—

(a) any outstanding liability under the condition imposed

for securing monopoly value on the grant of that licence shall be taken into consideration, and

(b) if the premises are an hotel or other premises where the profits are not wholly derived from the sale of intoxicating liquor, no increased value arising from profits not so derived shall be taken into consideration.

(7) If the licence to be surrendered is in suspense or is in force for temporary premises, the amount of the monopoly value given up shall be such as the justices may in their discretion determine.

(8) In this section, the expression "on-licence" does not include a licence for the sale of wine alone or sweets alone.

8.—(1) The confirming authority for the purposes of this Act shall—

(a) for a county licensing district, be a committee of quarter

sessions known as the " county confirming and compensation committee ";

(b) for a borough licensing district, be a committee of the

borough justices known as the " borough confirming and compensation committee ".

1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Ch. 46

511

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this Part I section, if and so long as it appears to the justices for any borough —con/. mentioned in Part III of the Third Schedule to the Justices of the

Peace Act, 1949, or in an order of the Lord Chancellor made under section ten of that Act expedient having regard to the small number of borough justices available to act as members of a confirming authority constituted as provided in the said paragraph, the confirming authority for that borough shall be a joint committee of the borough justices and the county justices.

(3) Confirming and compensation committees and joint committees shall be constituted, and their procedure shall be regulated, in accordance with Part II of the First Schedule to this Act.

(4) This section and Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall, in their application to non-county boroughs, have effect with the substitution for references to the confirming and compensation committee of references to the confirming committee.

9. —(1) The confirming authority shall not hear an applica- Confirmation tion for the confirmation of the grant of a new justices* licence ?f "ew, until twenty-one days at least have elapsed since the date of the j^ce grant.

(2) Any person who appeared before the licensing justices and opposed the grant may appear and. oppose the confirmation of the grant by the confirming authority; and, on proceedings for the confirmation of a new justices* on-licence to which section six of this Act applies, any .person authorised by the Commissioners shall be entitled to be heard by the confirming authority on the question of the payments to be imposed for the purpose of securing monopoly value to the public.

(3) Except as provided in the last preceding subsection, the confirming authority shall not hear any person in opposition to the confirmation of the grant.

(4) The confirming authority may award such costs as they think just; and any costs so awarded, shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt. 10

10. —(1) Where licensing justices are satisfied, on application Provisional made by a person interested in any premises about to be con- grant of structed or in the course of construction for the purposes of being for used as a house for the sale of intoxicating liquor for con- nJJt y^Jg sumption on the premises, that the premises would, if completed constructed, in accordance with the plans deposited under this Act, be such

that the justices would have granted a justices’ on-licence for the premises, the justices may make a provisional grant of a justices* on-licence for those premises.

512

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part 1

—cont.

Renewal of licence.

(2) The provisional grant of a justices* on-licence as confirmed by the confirming authority shall not be valid until the licensing justices have declared it final; and until the grant is declared final the licence shall not require renewal.

(3) Licensing justices shall, at their general annual licensing meeting or transfer sessions, declare the provisional grant final on being satisfied—

(a) that the premises have been completed in accordance

with the plans deposited, and

(b) that the holder of the provisional licence is not disqualified by this or any other Act for holding a justices* licence and is in all other respects a fit and proper person to hold a justices* licence.

(4) The licensing justices shall not make the declaration until such notice has been given as they may require.

Renewal of licence

11.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, the renewal of a justices’ licence means the grant of a justices* licence by way of renewal of a similar licence that is in force for the premises at the date of the application:

Provided that, on an application for the giant of a justices’ licence for premises for which a similar licence is not in force at the date of the application, but was in force at the date appointed for the general annual licensing meeting in the preceding year, the justices shall, if satisfied that the applicant had reasonable cause for not applying for renewal at that meeting, treat his application as an application for renewal; and the grant of any licence in pursuance of the application shall be treated as a renewal of the licence.

(2) On any application for the renewal of a justices’ on-licence the licensing justices may require a plan of the premises to be produced to them and deposited with their clerk.

(3) A person intending to oppose an application by the holder of a justices’ licence for the renewal of his licence shall give notice in writing of his intention to the applicant, specifying in general terms the grounds of the opposition, not later than seven days before the commencement of the general annual licensing meeting; and unless notice has been so given the licensing justices shall not entertain the objection:

Provided that, on objection being made to the renewal, the justices may, notwithstanding that notice of intention to oppose

1953 Licensing , 1953 Ch. 46

has not been given, adjourn consideration of the application to a day of which they shall give notice to the applicant and the objector, and shall on that day hear the application and the objection as if notice of intention to oppose had been given.

t

(4) Where the holder of an old on-licence applies for the renewal of his licence, and the licensing justices ask him to give any undertaking, they shall adjourn the hearing of the application and cause notice of the undertaking for which they ask to be served on the registered owner of the premises and give him an opportunity of being heard.

(5) Evidence given on an application for the renewal of a justices* licence shall be given on oath.

12. —(1) On renewing a justices’ on-licence the licensing jus- Power to tices may order that, within a time fixed by the order, such structural alterations shall be made in the part of the premises where intoxicating liquor is sold or consumed as they think on reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the business, of on-licence.

(2) The clerk to the licensing justices shall serve on the registered owner of the premises notice of any order made under this section.

(3) Where any order under this section is complied with, licensing justices shall not make a further order under this section within the five years following the first-mentioned order.

(4) If the holder of the licence makes default in complying with an order under this section he shall be guilty of an offence; and he shall be guilty of a further offence for every day on which the default continues after the expiration of the time fixed by the order.

(5) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to a fipe not exceeding twenty shillings.

13. —(1) In this Act the expression " old off-licence " means Restricted

a justices* off-licence for the sale of wine, spirits, liqueurs, sweets P0* o( or cider granted by way of renewal from time to time of a licence ,c®"sm® held by the holder of the licence on the twenty-fifth day of rSu^renewal June, nineteen hundred and two. of old off-

licence.

(2) Subject to any disqualification of the applicant or of the premises to which the application relates, licensing justices shall not refuse an application to renew an old off-licence except on one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the applicant has failed to produce satisfactory evidence of good character;

R

513

Part 1 —cant.

514

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part I

—cont.

Restricted power of licensing justices to refuse renewal of old on-licence.

(b) that the house or shop to which the application relates, or any adjacent house or shop owned or occupied by him, is of a disorderly character, or frequented by thieves, prostitutes or persons of bad character;

(c) that a licence previously held by the applicant for the

sale of wine, spirits, beer or cider has been forfeited for his misconduct; or that he has previously been adjudged for his misconduct disqualified for receiving such a licence or for selling wine, spirits, beer or cider;

() that the applicant has sold surreptitiously under the

licence or has assisted in concealing or misrepresenting the nature of goods sold under the licence;

(e) that the applicant has, in any other way, been guilty

in the opinion of the justices of misconduct in the management of his business under the licence.

14.—(1) In this Act the expression " old on-licence " means a justices* on-licence granted by way of renewal from time to time of a licence in force on the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and four, or of a licence that before that day had been provisionally granted and confirmed under section twenty-two of the Licensing Act, 1874, where the grant and confirmation have been subsequently declared final, whether the licence continues to be held by the person who held it on the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and four, or has been or may be transferred to another person:

Provided that the expression does not include a licence for the sale of wine alone or sweets alone.

(2) In this Act the expression " old beerhouse licence " means an old on-licence for the sale of beer or cider, with or without wine, granted by way of renewal from time to time of a licence granted for premises for which a corresponding excise licence was in force on the first day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, whether the licence continues to be held by the person who held that excise licence, or has been or may be transferred to another person.

(3) Subject to any disqualification of the applicant or of the premises to which the application relates, licensing justices shall not refuse an application to renew an old beerhouse licence except on one or more of the grounds specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (2) of the last preceding section or on the ground of the entry in the register of licences of a conviction of bribery or treating made in pursuance of subsection (6) of section one hundred and forty-six of the Representation of the People Act, 1949.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

515

(4) Licensing justices shall not refuse an application to renew Part i an old on-licence other than an old beerhouse licence except —cant. on one or more of the following grounds, that is to say—

(a) that the licensed premises have been ill-conducted or are structurally deficient or structurally unsuitable;

(b) that the applicant is not a fit and proper person to hold the licence;

(c) that the renewal of the licence would be void;

() that there has been entered in the register of licences a conviction of bribery or treating made in pursuance of subsection (6) of section one hundred and forty-six of the Representation of the People Act, 1949.

(5) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection the premises shall be deemed to have been ill-conducted if, among other things, the holder of the licence has persistently and unreasonably refused to supply suitable refreshment, other than intoxicating liquor, at a reasonable price, or has failed to fulfil any reasonable undertaking given to the justices on the grant of the licence.

(6) Licensing justices refusing to renew an old on-licence shall specify to the applicant in writing the grounds of their refusal.

15. —(1) Subject to section sixty of this Act, where the Reference of licensing justices, on consideration in accordance with this Act application for of an application for the renewal of an old on-licence, are of ^rasation opinion that the question of renewal requires consideration on authority, grounds other than those on which they can refuse it, they

shall refer the matter to the compensation authority together with their report thereon.

(2) The compensation authority shall consider all reports made to them under this section and may refuse the renewal of any licence to which any such report relates:

Provided that they shall not refuse renewal without giving—

(a) the persons interested in the licensed premises, and

(b) unless it appears to the compensation authority unnecessary, any other persons appearing to them to be interested in die question of the renewal, including the licensing justices,

an opportunity of being heard.

16. In considering whether a justices* on-licence ought to be Proposal for renewed, the licensing justices and, if the case is referred to them,

the compensation authority shall not take into consideration the Spidered fact that a proposal for its surrender, if renewed, has been or is to be made for the purposes of section seven of this Act.

516

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part I —con/. Compensation on non-renewal of old on-licence.

Compensation authority and compensation fund.

17. —(1) If the compensation authority refuse to renew an old on-licence, they shall pay as compensation to the persons interested in the licensed premises the difference between the value of those premises as licensed and their value as unlicensed.

(2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection the licence shall be assumed to be subject to the same conditions of renewal as were applicable immediately before the fifteenth day of August, nineteen hundred and four; and there shall be assumed to be included in the value of the licensed premises the amount of the depreciation of the trade fixtures arising by reason of the refusal to renew the licence.

(3) The amount to be paid as compensation shall, in default of agreement between the several persons appearing to the compensation authority to be interested in the licensed premises and the authority, be determined by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in the same manner, and subject to the same appeal under section ten of the Finance Act, 1894, to the High Court, as on the valuation of an estate for the purpose of estate duty; and the amount of compensation shall be divided among the persons interested in the licensed premises, including the holder of the licence, in such shares as the compensation authority may determine.

(4) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection regard shall be had not only to the legal interest of the holder of the licence in the premises or trade fixtures, but also to his conduct and the length of time that he has held the licence; and, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, a tenant who is the holder of a justices' licence shall not receive less than he would be entitled to as tenant from year to year of the licensed premises.

(5) The compensation authority may refer to the county court any question arising on the division of the compensation that the authority consider can be more conveniently determined by that court.

(6) Any costs incurred by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue on an appeal from their decision to the High Court under this section shall be paid out of the amount of the compensation unless the High Court orders those costs to be paid by some other party to the appeal.

18. —(1) The compensation authority for the purposes of this Act shall—

(a) for a county licensing district be the county confirming and compensation committee;

(b) for a borough licensing district, being a county borough, be the borough confirming and compensation committee;

1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Ch. 46

517

(c) for a borough licensing district, being a non-county borough, be the county confirming and compensation committee for the county in which the borough is situated.

(2) A compensation authority shall in each year fix a sum, not exceeding one hundred pounds, as the maximum charge to be imposed on the renewal of old on-licences in their area; and, subject to section sixty of this Act, the authority shall impose on renewing an old on-licence in their area such percentage of the sum so fixed as is specified in Part I of the Fourth Schedule to this Act:

Provided that, if the authority consider that the imposition of the charges in any year is unnecessary, they may, after certifying their opinion to the Secretary of State, omit to impose them.

(3) Charges payable under this section on renewal of any licence shall be levied and paid together with, and as part of the duties on, the corresponding excise licence; and the Commissioners shall keep a separate account of the amount produced by the charges in the area of any compensation authority and pay the amount over in each year to the authority in accordance with rules made by the Treasury.

(4) The holder of a licence paying a charge under this section may, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary, make such deductions from rent as are authorised by Part II of the Fourth Schedule to this Act; and a person receiving rent from which a deduction has been made under this subsection may make the same deduction from rent payable by him.

(5) The compensation authority shall pay the moneys received by them on account of charges under this section, or received by them from any other source for the payment of compensation under this Act, into a separate account under their management, in this Act referred to as the " compensation fund ".

(6) The compensation authority shall pay out of the compensation fund—

(a) the expenses of the authority in paying compensation

under this Act or incurred otherwise by them in the exercise of their functions as compensation authority;

(b) such expenses of the licensing justices incurred in refer-

ring to the authority any question of the renewal or transfer or special removal of old on-licences as the compensation authority may allow;

(c) such expenses of the licensing justices incurred in the

grant of new justices* on-licences as the compensation authority may allow; and the compensation authority in the exercise of their powers shall have regard to the funds available for the purpose.

Part I

—cont.

518

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part I —cont.

Purchase under Part III of 26 Geo. 5.

& 1 Edw. 8. c. 51, or Part IV of 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51, of premises to which an old on-licence is attached with a view to non-rtnewal or surrender.

Transfer

sessions.

(7) The compensation authority may, with the consent of the Secretary of State, borrow on the security of the compensation fund for the purpose of paying any compensation under this Act.

19. —(1) Subject to subsection (3) of section sixty of this Act, where land purchased under Part III of the Housing Act, 1936, or Part IV of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947, comprises premises for which an old on-licence is in force, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(a) a purchasing authority, before purchasing the premises,

may undertake that if renewal of the licence is refused they will pay to the compensation authority towards the compensation payable on the refusal under this Part of this Act such contribution as may be specified in the undertaking; and any sum payable by the purchasing authority in pursuance of such an undertaking shall be treated as part of their expenses in purchasing the land;

(b) if, after purchasing or contracting to purchase the

premises, the purchasing authority intimate to the licensing justices that they are willing to surrender the licence, the licensing justices may refer the matter to the compensation authority; and that authority, on being satisfied that they might properly under section fifteen of this Act have refused to renew the licence, if not surrendered, shall contribute out of the compensation fund towards the compensation paid by the purchasing authority for the purchase of the premises a sum not exceeding the compensation that would have been payable under this Part of this Act on refusal to renew the licence.

(2) In this section "purchasing authority" means a local authority purchasing under Part III of the Housing Act, 1936, or a Minister, the Central Land Board, a local authority or any statutory undertakers purchasing under Part IV of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947.

Transfer and removal of licences Protection orders

20. —(1) Licensing justices at their general annual licensing meeting in every year shall appoint the times and places for not less than four nor more than eight transfer sessions to be held for their district in the year beginning with the first day of the general annual licensing meeting.

(2) The days appointed for the holding of transfer sessions shall be at as nearly regular intervals as may be.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

519

(3) Notice of transfer sessions shall be given as required by Part I Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act. —com.

21.—(1) For die purposes of this Act, the transfer of a justices* Transfer of licence means the grant of a justices’ licence for premises to a lcence> person in substitution for another person who holds or has held a licence for those premises.

(2) The person applying for the transfer of a justices’ licence shall give notice of his application as required by Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act.

(3) Any of the licensing justices having jurisdiction to hear an application for the transfer of a justices’ licence shall have the same power to compel any witness, including the applicant and the holder of the licence, to attend the hearing of the application and to give evidence or produce documents as if the hearing of the application were a hearing of a complaint by a magistrates* court acting for the petty-sesSions area constituting the licensing district.

(4) Subject to sections eighty-nine and ninety-seven of this Act, licensing justices shall not grant an application to transfer a justices’ licence except in the following cases and to the following persons, that is to say—

(a) where the holder of the licence has died, to his representatives or the new tenant or occupier of the premises;

Lb) where the holder of the licence is incapable through illness or other infirmity of carrying on business under the licence, to his assigns or the new tenant or occupier of the premises;

(c) where the holder of the licence is adjudged bankrupt, or a trustee is appointed in pursuance of a composition scheme within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Act,

1914, to administer the property or manage the business of the holder of the licence, or a trustee is appointed under a deed of arrangement within the meaning of the Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914, for the benefit of the creditors of the holder of the licence, to his trustee or the new tenant or occupier of the premises;

() where the holder of the licence has, or his representatives have, given up occupation of the premises, to the new tenant or occupier of the premises or the person to whom the representatives or assigns have, for sale or otherwise, bona fide conveyed or made over the interest in the premises;

520 Ch. 46 Licensing , 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Past 1 (e) where the occupier of the premises, being about to quit

them, has wilfully omitted or neglected to apply for renewal of the licence, to the new tenant or occupier of the premises;

(/) where the owner of licensed premises or some person on his behalf has been granted a protection order under subsection (3) of section twenty-three of this Act until the next general annual licensing meeting or transfer sessions, and applies for a transfer at that meeting or those sessions, to die owner or person applying on his behalf.

(5) In a case arising under paragraph (/) of the last preceding subsection, the licence may be transferred notwithstanding that it has been forfeited as if it were still valid.

(6) Licensing justices shall not grant an application to transfer a justices’ licence unless the transfer is to a person who is in their opinion fit and proper.

(7) Subject to the last preceding subsection, subsection (4) of section eleven and sections fourteen, fifteen and seventeen of this Act shall apply to the transfer of an old on-licence as they apply to the renewal of such a licence:

Provided that in its application to a transfer die said subsection

(4) shall have effect as if for the reference to the holder of the licence there were substituted a reference to the applicant for the transfer.

Power to carry on business after death, bankruptcy etc. of licence holder.

22,—(1) Where the holder of a justices’ licence dies, or is adjudged bankrupt, or a trustee is appointed in pursuance of a composition or scheme within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, to administer the property or manage the business of the holder of a justices* licence, or a trustee is appointed under a deed of arrangement within the meaning of the Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914, for the benefit of the creditors of the holder of a justices* licence, section one hundred and twenty of this Act shall not prohibit the sale or exposure for sale of intoxicating liquor by the personal representatives or the trustee, as the case may be, during a period ending with the next transfer sessions, or, if the next transfer sessions are held within fourteen days after the death, adjudication or appointment, the next transfer sessions but one:

Provided that this section shall not exempt from the prohibition imposed by the said section one hundred and twenty a sale or exposure for sale that would not have been authorised if the licence had been transferred to the representatives or the trustee.

1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Ch. 46

521

(2) Where application is made at the said transfer sessions for Part I

a transfer of the licence, and the licensing justices adjourn .

consideration of the application, references in the preceding subsection to a period ending with those sessions shall be construed

as references to a period ending with the hearing of the application.

(3) This section shall have effect as if the general annual licensing meeting were a transfer sessions.

23.—(1) Where a person proposes to apply for the transfer of Protection a justices* licence, justices of the peace acting for the petty order-sessions area in which the premises to which the licence relates are situated may, on the application of that person, if they are satisfied that the applicant is a person to whom the licensing justices could grant a transfer of the licence, grant him authority to sell on the premises any intoxicating liquors that may be sold under an excise licence authorised by the justices’ licence.

(2) An authority granted under this section is in this Act referred to as a " protection order ".

(3) Whereto) a justices’ licence for any premises is forfeited for the

first time—

(i) by virtue of a conviction under section one hundred and thirty-three of this Act, or

(ii) by virtue of a second or subsequent conviction under section one hundred and twenty of this Act,

(b) a justices’ licence is forfeited by order of a magistrates’

court made on complaint under subsection (3) of section one hundred and thirty-four of this Act,

(c) a justices’ on-licence granted for a term other than

twelve months under subsection (4) of section six of this Act is forfeited under any provision of this Act, or

(d) the holder of a justices* licence for any premises becomes disqualified for the first time for holding such a licence by virtue of his conviction in pursuance of section thirty of this Act,

justices of the peace may grant a protection order to any owner of the premises or any other person authorised by an owner of the premises, notwithstanding the forfeiture or the previous licence-holder’s disqualification.

(4) The provisions of this Act relating to the regulation, government or control of persons holding a justices* licence shall, while a protection order is in force, apply to the person to whom the order has been granted as they apply to the holder of a justices’ licence.

R*

r

522

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Euz.

Part 1

— con

Removal of licence.

(5) A protection order shall remain in force until the next transfer sessions, or, if the next transfer sessions are held within fourteen days of the making of the order, until the next transfer sessions but one.

(6) Where application is made at the said transfer sessions for a transfer of the licence, and the licensing justices adjourn consideration of the application, references in the last preceding subsection to those sessions shall be construed as references to the hearing of the application.

(7) This section shall have effect as if the general annual licensing meeting were a transfer sessions.

(8) Justices of the peace to whom application is made for a protection order may examine on oath the applicant or any person giving evidence before them.

(9) Justices of the peace shall not grant a protection order unless the applicant has, not less than seven days before the application, given notice in writing to the chief officer of police, signed by the applicant or his authorised agent, and stating his name and address and his trade or calling during the six months preceding the giving of the notice; or, in an urgent case, unless the applicant has given such notice to the police as the justices think reasonable.

(10) Justices of the peace granting a protection order shall cause a memorandum of the order to be indorsed on the licence, or, where a copy of the licence is admissible in evidence, on a copy of the licence; and a majority of the justices shall sign the memorandum or the justices shall cause the clerk to the justices to seal or stamp it with the official seal or stamp of the magistrates’ court of which he is clerk and to verify the seal or stamp by his signature.

(11) A fee of two shillings and sixpence shall be chargeable by the clerk to the justices for the indorsement.

(12) Where a protection order has been granted to any person, the proper officer of Customs and Excise shall indorse a memorandum of the order on the excise licence.

(13) The power conferred by this section on justices of the peace shall be exercisable by the number of justices, and in the place, required by the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952, for the hearing of a complaint.

24.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, the removal of a justices* licence means taking the licence from the premises for which it is in force and granting it for other premises.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

(2) An ordinary removal may be granted on any ground. Part I

—cont.

(3) A special removal may be granted on the ground either—

(a) that the premises for which the licence was granted

are or are about to be pulled down or occupied under any Act for the improvement of highways, or for any other public purpose, or

(b) that the premises for which the licence was granted

have been rendered unfit for use for the business carried on there under the licence by fire, tempest or other unforeseen and unavoidable calamity.

(4) Licensing justices may grant an ordinary removal to any premises in their licensing district from any premises in that district or in the county of which that district forms part.

(5) Licensing justices may grant a special removal to any premises in the same licensing district as the premises from which removal is sought if the new premises seem to them fit and convenient for the purpose.

(6) Licensing justices shall not grant a removal of a justices' on-licence to any premises unless in their opinion the premises are structurally adapted to the licence.

25.—(1) An application for the ordinary removal of a justices' Ordinary licence shall be made to the licensing justices in whose district removal, the premises to which it is sought to remove the licence are situated.

(2) The application shall be made by the person wishing to hold the licence after removal.

(3) The applicant shall give notice of his application as required by Part III of the Third Schedule to .this Act.

(4) The justices shall not grant an ordinary removal unless they are satisfied that no objection to the removal is made—

(a) where the licence is a justices’ on-licence, by the owner

of the premises from which it is sought to remove the licence or the holder of the licence;

(b) where the licence is a justices’ off-licence, by the holder

of the licence,

or by any person other than the owner of the said premises and the holder of the licence, or, as the case may be, other than the holder of the licence, whom the justices consider to have a right to object to the removal.

R* 2

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Euz.2

524

Part I

—co tit.

Special

removal.

Provisional grant of ordinary removal to premises not yet completed.

Ch. 46

(5) Subject to the preceding provisions of this section, licensing justices shall have the same power to grant an ordinary removal as they have to grant a new justices* licence.

(6) Subject to section seventy-one of this Act, the grant of an ordinary removal shall not be valid unless it is confirmed by the confirming authority; and section nine of this Act except so far as relates to the hearing of persons on the question of monopoly value shall apply to the confirmation of such a grant as it applies to the confirmation of the grant of a new licence.

26.—(1) The person applying for a special removal shall give notice of his application as required by Part IV of the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) Any of the licensing justices having jurisdiction to hear an application for a special removal shall have the same power to compel any witness, including the applicant, to attend the hearing of the application to give evidence or produce documents as if the hearing of the application were the hearing of a complaint by a magistrates’ court acting for the petty-sessions area constituting the licensing district.

(3) Subsection (4) of section eleven and sections fourteen, fifteen and seventeen of this Act shall apply to a special removal of an old on-licence as they apply to the renewal of such a licence:

Provided that for the purposes of such application those provisions shall have effect as if for references therein to the premises whose licence it is sought to renew there were substituted—

(a) in subsection (4) of section fourteen so far as it relates to

the ill-conducting of any premises, and in subsection (5) of that section, references to the premises from which it is sought to remove the licence;

(b) elsewhere, and in subsection (4) of section fourteen so

far as it relates to the structural deficiency or unsuitability of the premises, references to the premises to which it is sought to remove the licence.

27. Licensing justices may make a provisional grant of an ordinary removal of an on-licence to premises about to be constructed or in the course of construction; and section ten of this Act shall apply to such a provisional grant as it applies to the provisional grant of a new on-licence.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

525

28.—(1) Licensing justices may, at their general annual Part I licensing meeting, make regulations determining the time that —cons, must elapse after the hearing of an application for transfer or Power of special removal before another such application may be made !ic*nsing in respect of the same premises. Strict °

(2) Licensing justices may in any particular case dispense with applications the observance of regulations made under this section. for transfer

or special removal.

General provisions

29. Where the applicant for the grant of a justices* licence has. Power on through inadvertence or misadventure, failed to comply with the application for requirements of the Third Schedule to this Act, the licensing |J^°with justices may, upon such terms as they think fit, postpone con- preliminary sideration of his application and, if on any such postponed con- requirements, sideration they are satisfied that any terms so imposed have been complied with, may deal with the application as if the said requirements had been complied with.

Persons and premises disqualified for licence

30. Without (prejudice to the provisions of this or any other Persons Act whereby a person may be disqualified for holding a justices* disqualified licence, the following persons shall be so disqualified, that is to JP^Jdin8

(a) a sheriff’s officer or officer executing the legal process of

any court;

(b) a person convicted, whether under this Act or other-

wise, of forging a justices’ licence or making use of a forged justices’ licence knowing it to have been forged;

(c) a person convicted, whether under this Act or other-

wise, of permitting to be a brothel premises for which at ffie time of the conviction he held a justices* licence.

31. Where within a period of two years two persons severally Premises holding a justices* licence for any premises forfeit their licences, disqualified the premises shall be disqualified for receiving a justices* licence

for a period of twelve months following the second forfeiture. y

32. —(1) Subjeot to the following provisions of this section. Premises premises shall be disqualified for receiving a justices* on-licence— disqualified

(a) if they do not contain, in addition to the rooms occupied j^r_,^™ng by the inmates, at least two rooms for the accommodation of the public, or

526

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part 1

—con/.

Ascertainment of annual value.

(6) if the premises are of an annual value below that set out in Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act:

Provided that if the premises—

(i) contain, in addition to the rooms occupied by the in-

mates, at least one room for the accommodation of the public, and

(ii) are of an annual value not below that set out in Part n of the Fifth Schedule to this Act,

they shall not be disqualified for receiving a justices’ on-licence that does not authorise the sale of spirits.

(2) The preceding subsection shall not apply to premises for which a justices’ on-licence was held on die tenth day of August, eighteen hundred and seventy-two.

(3) Refreshment-houses for which a justices’ on-licence was held on the tenth day of August, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, to sell wine by retail shall be disqualified for receiving a justices' on-licence if they are of an annual value below that set out in Part III of the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

(4) Railway refreshment-rooms shall not be disqualified under this section by reason of their annual value.

33.—(1) The annual value of premises for the purposes of this Act shall be the rent at which the premises might reasonably be expected to let from year to year if the tenant undertook to pay all usual tenant’s rates and taxes, and if the landlord undertook to bear the costs of repairs and insurance and the other expenses, if any, necessary to maintain the premises in a state to command that rent:

Provided that—

(a) licensed premises shall be valued as if they were not licensed, and

(b) no land shall be included in the premises for the purposes of the valuation except any pleasure grounds or flower or kitchen garden, or curtilage usually held and occupied and used by the persons residing in and frequenting the house.

(2) Where the premises are separately valued in the valuation list, the gross value specified in that list shall be the annual value of the premises for the purposes of this Act subject to any deduction from the gross value required by paragraph (a) of the proviso to the preceding subsection.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

527

(3) Subject to the preceding provision of this section, the annual value of premises for the purposes of this Act shall be such as the licensing justices may determine; and justices may appoint a competent valuer for the purpose and order the costs of the valuation to be paid by the applicant for the licence.

.(4) Any costs ordered to be paid under the last preceding subsection shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

34.—(1) The provisions of the last three preceding sections shall be without prejudice to the disqualification under any other Act of premises for receiving a justices’ licence.

(2) A justices’ licence purporting to be held by a person disqualified for holding a licence, or attached to premises disqualified for receiving the licence, shall be void.

Appeal to quarter sessions from licensing justices

35.—(1) Where licensing justices, having jurisdiction to do so, refuse the renewal, transfer or special removal of a justices’ licence, or where licensing justices make an order under section twelve of this Act, any person aggrieved by the refusal or the making of the order may appeal against it to the quarter sessions for the county in which the premises are situated:

Provided that if the appeal is against any order made under the said section twelve, and the premises to which the order relates are situated in a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions, he may appeal to those quarter sessions or to the quarter sessions for the county in which the premises are situated.

(2) For the purposes of the preceding subsection, the expression " county " means an administrative county together with any county borough situated or deemed to be situated in the county.

(3) The appeal shall be commenced by the appellant’s giving notice of appeal to the clerk to the licensing justices within fourteen days after the refusal, and not less than fourteen days before the sessions at which the appeal is to be heard.

(4) Quarter sessions may by their order confirm the refusal or order as the case may be, or grant the renewal, transfer or special removal in the same way as the licensing justices could have granted it, or, as the case may be, make any such order as the licensing justices might have made under the said section twelve.

(5) The judgment of quarter sessions on an appeal under this section shall be final.

Part I

—cont.

Disqualification of persons and premises. Additional provisions.

Appeal to quarter

sessions against refusal of renewal, transfer or special removal etc.

528

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part I

—con/.

Award of costs in appeal

against party.

Award of costs of licensing justices on appeal out of local funds.

(6) A justice shall not act in the hearing or determination of an appeal under this section from any decision in which he took part.

36. —(1) On determining an appeal under section thirty-five of this Act, the court of quarter sessions may make such order for costs as it thinks fit:

Provided that if the appeal is dismissed the court shall order the appellant to pay to the justices against whose decision be has appealed, or such person as those justices may appoint, such sum by way of costs as is in the opinion of the court sufficient to indemnify the justices from all costs and charges whatever to which they have been put in consequence of his having served notice of appeal.

(2) Where a court of quarter sessions is satisfied that the appellant, after giving notice of appeal to the court, has failed to prosecute the appeal, the court shall make an order under the preceding subsection as if the appeal had been dismissed.

(3) Costs ordered to be paid under this section shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

37. —(1) Where—

(a) an appeal under section thirty-five of this Act is allowed, or

(6) quarter sessions have awarded costs under the last preceding section against the appellant and are satisfied that the licensing justices cannot recover those costs from him,

the court shall order payment out of local funds of such sums as appear to the court sufficient to indemnify the licensing justices from all costs and charges whatever to which they have been put in consequence of the appellant's having served notice of appeal.

(2) Costs payable out of local funds under this section shall be paid—

(a) if the licensing district for which the licensing justices

acted consists of a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions, out of the general rate fund of the borough;

(b) in any other case, out of the county fund of the county in which the licensing district is situated.

(3) Subsection (1) of section eight and subsection (1) of section eleven of the Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952 (which make provision for the payment out of local funds of costs ordered to be paid under that Act), shall apply to costs ordered to be

1953 Licensing , 1953 Ch. 46

paid under this section as if any reference therein to a county borough were a reference to a borough having a separate court of quarter sessions.

(4) An order of a court of quarter sessions under this section may be made either at the sessions at which the appeal is heard, or at which it would have been heard if the appeal had been prosecuted, or at the nex/t following sessions; and the costs may be taxed either in or out of sessions.

Clerk to licensing justices

38. —(1) The clerk to the justices acting for a petty sessions Clerk to

area shall be clerk to the licensing justices for the licensing •l??shlg district consisting of that area. J 068

(2) Subsection (2) of section one hundred and eighteen of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 (which provides for the case where there is more than one clerk to the justices for a petty sessions area), shall apply for the purposes of this section as it applies for the purposes of that Act.

39. —(1) A clerk to licensing justices shall not himself or by 9crk.to his partner or clerk act as solicitor to, or agent for, any person—

(a) at any general annual licensing meeting or transfer not to act

sessions; professionally

(b) before justices of the peace in proceedings under this matters*108

Act or the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1906.

(2) Where the clerk was appointed before the first day of April, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, nothing in the preceding subsection shall prohibit him from acting at a general annual licensing meeting or transfer sessions for a licensing district other than that for which he is clerk, or before justices acting for a petty sessions area other than that constituting the licensing district for which he is clerk, or from preparing notices or fonns.

(3) If any person contravenes this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

Register of Licences.Registered owner

40. —(1) The clerk to the licensing justices for a licensing Register of

district shall keep a register of licences, in such form as those to

justices may prescribe, containing particulars of all justices’ licences granted in the district, the premises for which they were district granted, the names of the owners of those premises, and the

names of the holders of the licences.

(2) The clerk to the licensing justices shall enter in the register of licences, in such form as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State, notice of any conviction of the holder of a justices’

529

Part I

—cont.

530

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2Buz. 2

Part I —cant.

Registration of owner. Registered owner indorsed on licence.

licence of an offence committed by him as such, including any offence against the provisions of any Act relating to the adulteration of drink; and the clerk of the court before whom the holder of a justices’ licence is so convicted, if the clerk is not the ckrk to the licensing justices, shall forthwith send notice of the conviction to the clerk to the licensing justices.

(3) The clerk to the licensing justices shall enter in the register of licences any forfeiture of a justices’ licence granted in the licensing district, disqualification of premises under section thirty-one of this Act or under any enactment not contained in this Act, and any other matter relating to the licences in the register.

(4) The provisions of this section shall be in addition to those of any other enactment requiring entries to be made in the register of licences.

(5) If in any licensing district there are more persons than one holding the office of clerk to the licensing justices, the licensing justices shall determine which of them shall keep the register of licences.

(6) Licensing justices may cause the register of licences to be divided into parts and assign a part of the register to any part of their licensing district.

41.—(1) Every person applying for a new justices’ licence, or the renewal of a justices’ licence, shall state the name of the person for the time being entitled to receive, either on his own account or as mortgagee or other incumbrancer in possession, the rack-rent of the premises for which the licence is granted or renewed; and the clerk to the licensing justices shall enter that name in the register of licences as the name of an owner of the premises, and indorse the name on the licence.

(2) The clerk to the licensing justices shall also, on the application of any person whose name is not entered under the preceding subsection, and who has an estate or interest in the premises, whether as owner, lessee or mortgagee, prior or paramount to that of the occupier, enter that person's name in die register of licences as an owner of the premises on payment of the fee chargeable under section fifty-one of this Act:

Provided that, where any such estate or interest is vested in two or more persons joindy, one only of those persons shall be registered as representing that estate or interest.

(3) Any reference in this Act to die registered owner of the premises shall be construed as a reference to any person whose name is for the time being entered in the register of licences under this section.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

531

42. —(1) A register of licences shall be received in evidence of Part I the matters required by this or any other Act to be entered in it. —cont.

(2) Any document purporting to be certified by the clerk to any licensing justices to be a true copy of an entry in the register of licences kept by him shall be received as evidence of the matters contained in the entry.

43. On any application for the grant of a justices* licence the Duty of licensing justices shall have regard to any entries in the register licensing of licences relating to the person by whom, or the premises for

which,(the licence is to be held. to entriesin

register of licences.

44. —(1) The following persons shall be entitled at any reason- Inspection able time to inspect the register of licences for a licensing district of register, on payment of the fee chargeable under section fifty-one of this

Act, that is to say—

(a) any person rated in respect of a hereditament in the district;

(b) any owner of licensed premises situated in the district;

(c) any holder of a justices’ licence granted in the district.

(2) Any constable or any officer of Customs and Excise shall, without payment, be entitled at any reasonable time to inspect the register of licences.

(3) If the clerk to the licensing justices or any other (person refuses inspection of the register of licences under this section or obstructs any person attempting to inspect the register under this section, or receives or demands any unauthorised charge for permitting the register to be inspected under this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

Justices* licences and protection orders Supplemental provisions

45.— (1) A new justices* licence shall be in force for a period Duration of of twelve months or, if it is granted for any other term under licence, subsection (4) of section six of this Act, for that term.

(2) The said twelve months or other term shall begin to run on the fifth day of April following the first day of the general annual licensing meeting at which the licence is granted.

(3) The renewal of a justices* licence shall continue the currency of the licence until the expiration of twelve months beginning with the fifth day of April following the first day of the general annual licensing meeting at which the renewal is granted.

(4) Any transfer or removal of a justices* licence shall have effect during the currency of the licence.

532

Ca 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Fakt I —am

Forgery of licence.

Proof of licences and protection orders.

(5> Where the provisional grant of a justices* on-licence is declared final, the licence shall be in force from the day of the declaration.

(6) Where the provisional grant erf a justices* on-licence is declared final at the general annual licensing meeting, the licence shall cease to be in force at the time when it would have ceased to be in force if the grant had not been provisional and had been made at that meeting.

(7) Where the provisional grant of a justices’ on-licence is declared final at a transfer sessions, the licence shall cease to be in force at the time when it would have ceased to be in force if the grant had not been provisional and had been made at the general annual licensing meeting the first day of which immediately preceded the declaration.

(81 This section shall have effect subject to subsection (9) of section seventy-one, subsection (4) of section eighty-four and subsection (4) of section ninety-four of this Act and to any forfeiture or avoidance of the licence.

46. —(1) If any pereon forges a justices’ licence or tenders a justices* licence knowing it to have been forged, he shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Any excise licence granted in pursuance of a forged justices’ licence shall be void.

47. —(1) Any document purporting to be a justices* licence and—

(a) to be signed by the majority of the justices present when

the licence was granted, or

(b) to be sealed or stamped with an official seal or stamp

affixed or impressed under the authority of the licensing justices and to contain a certificate signed by the clerk to the licensing justices verifying that authority.

shall be received in evidence.

(2) Any document purporting to be a copy of a justices* licence certified under the hand of the clerk to the licensing justices by whom the licence was granted to be a true copy shall be received in evidence—

(a) by licensing justices on an application for the renewal,

transfer or removal of the licence;

(b) by justices of the peace on an application for a protection order,

if the justices are satisfied by evidence that the original has been lost or unlawfully withheld.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch..46

533

(3) Any memorandum purporting to be made under sub- Part I section (10) of section twenty-three of this Act shall be received in evidence.

48.—(1) No justice shall act for any purpose under this Act Disqualifica-in any county, county borough or borough having a separate t'on of commission of the peace, or be capable of being appointed or Justices-being a member of any committee therein for any such purpose, who is, or is in partnership with, a brewer, distiller, maker of malt for sale or retailer of malt or of any intoxicating liquor, in that county or borough.

(2) No justice who holds any share or stock in a company which is such a brewer, distiller, maker of malt or retailer as aforesaid in any county, county borough or 'borough having a separate commission of the peace shall be capable of being appointed or being a member of the licensing committee or confirming or compensation authority for that county or borough unless before his appointment as a member thereof he has disclosed to the justices appointing him the fact that he holds the share or stock:

Provided that a member of any such committee or authority disqualified for being a member thereof by acquiring any such share or stock may be re-appointed if before his re-appointment he has disclosed to the justices re-appointing him the fact that he has acquired the share or stock.

(3) A person who is the beneficial owner of any such share or stock as aforesaid held by him (whether his beneficial ownership extends to the whole holding or to a part of it or an interest in it only) shall not be appointed or re-appointed a member of any such committee or authority as aforesaid unless the justices appointing or re-appointing him are satisfied that the extent to which the company in question carries on or is interested in the business of brewing, distilling, making of malt for sale or retailing of malt or of any intoxicating liquor is so small in comparison with its whole business that the fact that the said person is interested in the company affords no reasonable ground for suggesting that he is not a proper person to be a member of the committee or authority.

(4) No justice shall act for any purpose under this Act in a case that concerns any premises in the profits of which he is interested, or of which he is wholly or partly the owner, lessee, or occupier, or for the owner, lessee, or occupier of which he is manager or agent:

Provided that a justice shall not be disqualified under this provision by reason of his having vested in him a legal interest only, and not a beneficial interest, in the premises concerned or die profits of them.

534

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 E

Part I (5) No act done by any justice disqualified by this section

—cont. 3^11 he invalid by reason only of that disqualification, and no

act done by any justice who by virtue of this section has ceased to be a member of any licensing committee or confirming authority shall be invalid by reason only of the cessation of membership.

(6) If any justice, knowing that the circumstances are such that under this Act he is disqualified for acting for any of the purposes of this Act, acts as a justice for that purpose he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action in the High Court:

Provided that a justice proceeded against for more than one offence under this section committed before the institution of the proceedings shall not be liable in respect of all such offences to an aggregate penalty exceeding one hundred pounds.

(7) No objection shall be allowed to any justices’ licence on the ground that it was granted or confirmed by justices not qualified to grant or confirm it.

Rules. 49. The Secretary of State may make rules for carrying into

effect the provisions of this Act about the renewal of old on-licences and the payment of compensation for not renewing such licences, and about the attachment of conditions to new justices’ on-licences, and may by those rules among other things—

(a) provide for the provisional renewal of old on-licences

which are referred by the licensing justices to the compensation authority under section fifteen of this Act, and for consultation between the compensation authority and the licensing justices on the reports of the justices thereon, and for the time and manner of the consideration of those reports and for the time and manner of the payment of compensation,

(b) provide for the manner in which the compensation authority may borrow on the security of the compensation fund,

(c) provide for the enforcement of any security given for

money borrowed by the compensation authority, and for the time, not exceeding fifteen years, within which money borrowed is to be repaid,

() regulate the management and application of the com-

pensation fund and the audit of the accounts of the compensation authority,

(e) provide for the constitution, where requisite, of com-

mittees of quarter sessions as standing committees, and for the employment of officers for the purposes of the

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

535

provisions of this Act authorising the reference to the Part 1 compensation authority of the question of the renewal —com. of old on-licences and the payment of compensation on refusal to renew such licences, and authorising the attachment of conditions to new justices' licences,

(/) regulate the procedure of the compensation authority on the consideration of the reports of licensing justices under the said section fifteen and on any hearing under this Act for the purpose of determining whether to renew an old on-licence or the amount or division of the compensation payable on refusal to renew, and

(g) provide for the authentication of any documents on behalf of compensation authorities or confirming authorities.

50. —(1) A confirming authority shall in each year make such Returns by

returns to the Secretary of State about new justices' on-licences confirming and as he may require. SXte?"

(2) A compensation authority shall in each year make such the Secretary returns to the Secretary of State as he may require about their of State, proceedings as compensation authority and the proceedings of licensing justices in referring to the compensation authority the question of the renewal of old on-licences.

51. —(1) Subject to regulations of the Secretary of State under Fees, paragraph (a) of section sixty-two of this Act, and to rules of the Secretary of State under sections ninety-one and ninety-nine of this Act, the fees set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act, and

no others, shall be chargeable by clerks to licensing justices.

(2) If any clerk to licensing justices demands or receives for any of the matters specified in the said Schedule any fee or reward not chargeable by him under this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

52. —(1) The City of London and the rest of the Administra- Metropolitan five County of London shall be separate counties for the area, purposes of this Act: and accordingly subsection (2) of section thirty-five of this Act shall not apply to the said Administrative

County.

(2) The licensing justices, and the confirming and compensation authority, for the City of London shall be committees of the justices for the City; and paragraphs 5 to 10 of Part II of the First Schedule to this Act shall apply to the confirming and compensation committee of the City of London as if the City were a borough.

(3) Parts I and II of the Fifth Schedule to this Act shall apply to the metropolis as they apply to boroughs with a population of not less than 100,000.

536 Ch. 46 Licensing , 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part II War Damaged Areas

Licensing 53.—<1) This section applies to any area consisting of—

planning . v .

areas. (a) a licensing district, or

(b) a county district that forms part of a licensing district,

or

(c) a county district that contains parts of more than one

licensing district,

the whole or part of which area has sustained extensive war damage, and to an area consisting of two or more contiguous districts of the kind described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this subsection, the whole or part of each of which has sustained extensive war damage.

(2) The Secretary of State may by order declare any area to which this section applies a licensing planning area if he is satisfied that it is desirable to do so by reason of the war damage sustained by the area and the consequences of that damage, including redevelopment, that has taken place or is likely to take place in the area:

Provided that he shall not make such an order except after consultation with the licensing justices for the licensing district or districts comprising or included, in whole or in part, in the area, and with any local planning authority having jurisdiction in the area.

Licensing 54.—(1) For every licensing planning area there shall be

planning a licensing planning committee, committee.

(2) Licensing planning committees shall be constituted, and their procedure shall be regulated, in accordance with the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

(3) The proceedings of a licensing planning committee shall not be invalidated by reason of any vacancy in the committee or any defect in the appointment of a member of the committee.

(4) The committee may pay to its secretary, and may pay to the secretary of any sub-committee appointed under the Seventh Schedule to this Act, such remuneration as the Secretary of State may approve.

(5) The committee, in such circumstances as the Secretary of State may approve, may defray expenses incurred in travelling by its secretary, or the secretary of any sub-committee appointed under the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

1953 Licensing , 1953 Ch. 46

(6) Any expenses properly incurred by a licensing planning committee shall be defrayed by the local planning authority having jurisdiction in the area, or, where there are two or more such authorities, by those authorities in such proportions as the Secretary of State may direct

55*—(1) The Secretary of State may, on the application of the Variation licensing planning committee for any licensing planning area, a?dU(™V^on and after such consultation with other authorities as he may JJiannSJg think desirable, by order include in the area any licensing district, areas, or part of a licensing district, whether contiguous with the existing area or not, to which there has been, or is in his opinion likely to be, a substantial transfer of population, industry or other activities from the existing area.

(2) The Secretary of State may, after consultation with the licensing planning committee for any licensing planning area, by order exclude from the area any licensing district or part of a licensing district included in the existing area.

(3) An order under either of the last two preceding subsections may make such variations in the provisions of the order constituting the area as appear to the Secretary of State to be expedient in consequence of the inclusion in, or exclusion from, the existing area of any district or part of a district

(4) If it appears to the Secretary of State that it is no longer expedient that an area should be a licensing planning area, he may, after consultation with the licensing planning committee for the area, by order revoke the order constituting the area.

56. —(1) It shall be the duty of every licensing planning com- General mittee to review the circumstances of their area and to try }!utics.of to secure, after such consultation and negotiation as they may

think desirable, and by the exercise of the powers conferred on committee, them by this Part of this Act, that the number, nature and distribution of the licensed premises in the area, the accommodation provided in them and the facilities given in them for obtaining food, accord with local requirements, regard being had in particular to any redevelopment or proposed redevelopment of the area.

(2) A licensing planning committee shall comply with such general or special directions as the Secretary of State may from time to time give them about consultation with such authorities or bodies as he may specify in the directions.

57. —(1) The licensing planning committee for any area may Submission

from time to time— aPP*™£1

(a) formulate proposals for the removal, subject to and in by ticensing accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act planning

committee.

537

Part n

—cont.

538

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 E2

Part U

—cont.

relating to removals, and subject to such conditions, if any, as the proposals may specify, of justices* licences from premises in the area to other premises in the area specified in the proposals or to premises on sites in the area so specified,

(b) formulate with the agreement of the persons interested

in the .premises in question proposals for the surrender, subject to such conditions, if any, as the proposals may specify, of existing justices* licences for premises in the area, not being licences in suspense under this Act, and

(c) formulate with the agreement of the persons interested

in the premises in question proposals for the extinguishment of existing justices* licences for premises in die area which are in suspense under this Act,

and shall submit any such proposals to the Minister, together with such plans and other matter explanatory of the nature and effect of the proposals as may be prescribed or as die Minister may in any particular case require.

(2) A removal such as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the preceding subsection is in this Act referred to as a " planning removal *.

(3) Where a licensing planning committee have submitted proposals to the Minister under this section, the committee shall publish in the prescribed manner a notice that they have submitted the proposals, naming a place at which copies of the proposals and of the plans and explanatory matter submitted to die Minister may be seen at all reasonable hours, and stating the time within which and the manner in which objections to the proposals may be made to the Minister.

(4) If no objection to the proposals is made to the Minister within the time and in the manner stated in the notice, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister may confirm the proposals with or without modification; but, if objection is so made and not withdrawn, he shall afford to any person making an objection an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister or, if it appears to the Minister that the matters to which the objection relates are such as to require investigation by public local inquiry, he shall cause a public local inquiry to be held; and after considering any objection not withdrawn and die report of the person before whom the objector appeared or of the person holding the inquiry, as the case may be, he may confirm the proposals with or without modification.

(5) Subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933 <which relate to the summoning of witnesses and the production of documents before.

1953 Licensing Act, 1953 Ch. 46

and the costs incurred at, local inquiries under that section), shall apply to an inquiry held under this section as they apply to inquiries held under that section, but with the substitution for references to a department of references to the Minister.

(6) Proposals under this section may be varied by subsequent proposals formulated and submitted to and confirmed by the Minister in like manner as the original proposals; and references in this Part of this Act to proposals that have been confirmed shall be construed as references to such proposals as they have effect having regard to any subsequent variation of them.

58.—(1) No ordinary or special removal of a justices* Removals licence shall be granted to any premises in a licensing planning area unless the premises are licensed .premises and the licensing p amung area< justices are satisfied that the licensing planning committee have no objection to the removal.

(2) Where proposals of a licensing planning committee that have been confirmed by the Minister provide for a planning removal, then, if the holder of the justices’ licence applies to the licensing justices for the licensing district in which the premises to which it is intended to make the removal are situated, the justices shall grant a planning removal of the licence to those premises if they are satisfied that—

(a) the premises are fit and convenient for the purpose,

ib)the applicant is not disqualified by this or any other Act tor holding a justices* licence and is in all other respects a fit and proper person to hold a justices’ licence, and

(c) any conditions specified in the proposals as confirmed have been complied with.

(3) Where the premises to which it is intended to make a planning removal under this section of a justices* on-licence are about to be constructed or are in the course of construction, and the licensing justices, on application by the holder of the licence, are satisfied that the premises would, if completed in accordance with the plans submitted to them, be such that the justices would have authorised the removal, the justices may make a provisional grant of the removal.

(4) The provisional grant of a removal under this section shall not be valid until the licensing justices have declared it final.

(5) Licensing justices shall declare the provisional grant final on being satisfied that—

(a) the premises have been completed in accordance with the plans submitted.

539

Part II

—cont.

540

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part n —cant.

New licences In licensing planning area.

Extinguish" meat of licences in licensing planning area and suspension of provisions as t compensation fund.

(b) the applicant is not disqualified by this or any other

Act for holding a justices' licence and is in all other respects a fit and proper person to hold a justices' licence, and

(c) any conditions specified in the proposals as confirmed

have been complied with.

(6) The licensing justices shall not make the declaration until such notice has been given as they may require..

(7) Anything authorised by the preceding provisions of this section to be done to or by licensing justices may be done to or by the licensing justices at their general annual licensing meeting, at transfer sessions or at a meeting of the licensing justices specially called for the purpose.

(8) Sections thirty-five to thirty-seven of this Act shall, with the necessary modifications, apply to the refusal of a removal under this section, including refusal to make a provisional grant or to declare a provisional grant final, as they apply to the refusal of a special removal.

59. —(1) No new justices' licences shall be granted for any premises in a licensing planning area unless the licensing justices are satisfied that the licensing planning committee have no objection to the grant

(2) The grant of a new justices' licence for any premises in a licensing planning area shall not require confirmation by the confirming authority.

(3) Nothing in this section shall apply to the re-grant of a licence granted for a term under subsection (4) of section six of this Act.

60. —(1) Where proposals of a licensing planning committee that have been confirmed by the Minister provide for the surrender of a justices' licence for premises in their area, then, if such conditions as the proposals may specify have been complied with, the licence shall, by virtue of this Part of this Act, be extinguished as from such date as the proposals may specify, or such later date as the licensing planning committee may allow.

(2) Where the proposals of a licensing planning committee provide for the extinguishment of a justices' licence in suspense under this Act, then, on confirmation of the proposals, the licence shall be extinguished.

(3) The renewal of an old on-licence for premises in a licensing planning area shall not be refused on any grounds other than those on which licensing justices can refuse it under section fourteen of this Act; and accordingly the question of the

1953 Licensing , 1953 Ch. 46

renewal of any such old on-licence shall not be referred to the compensation authority; and sections nineteen and eighty-seven of this Act and section ninety-six of this Act so far as it relates to the said section eighty-seven, shall not apply to an old on-licence for premises in a licensing planning area:

Provided that where the licensing justices have decided to refer to the compensation authority the question of the renewal or extinguishment of an old on-licence and, at the time of the decision, the premises in question were not in a licensing planning area, the like proceedings may be had by virtue of that decision as might have been had if the premises had continued not to be in a licensing planning area.

(4) No charge shall be imposed under section eighteen of this Act on renewal of an old on-licence for premises in a licensing planning area; and no charge imposed under that section shall be levied for premises which, at the date when the charge would, apart from this provision, fall to be levied, are in a licensing planning area notwithstanding that, when the charge was imposed, they were not in such an area.

61.—(1) A licensing planning committee may, on the appli- Temporary cation of the holder of a justices* licence for premises in the premises, licensing planning area for which the committee act, certify, in the prescribed form, that, for such period as may be specified in the certificate, the committee have no objection to the business of the applicant being carried on in such temporary premises in the area as may be so specified.

(2) Where such a certificate is given, then, subject to the provisions of this section,—

(a) an application may be made to licensing justices for the removal of the licence to the temporary premises so specified, and

(b) a subsequent application may be made to licensing justices for the removal of the licence from those premises to premises on the site of (the premises to which the licence related before the removal to the temporary premises,

in all respects as if those removals (in this Act referred to as " temporary premises removals ’*) were planning removals for which proposals had been confirmed under this Part of this Act; and the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the effect of the confirmation of proposals for planning removals, including the provisions relating to appeal from the refusal of licensing justices to authorise removals, shall apply accordingly:

Provided that, where, before the certificate is given, proposals for the planning removal of the licence have been confirmed under this Part of this Act, but the licence has not been

541

Part n —cont.

542

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2 Fjjz.2

Part n removed, paragraph (6) of this subsection shall have effect as

—com, if for the reference to premises on the site of the premises to

which the licence related before the removal to the temporary premises there were substituted a reference to the premises to which the licence is to be removed in pursuance of the planning removal.

(3) Subject to subsection (7) of section ninety-two of this Act, where a licence is removed to temporary premises by virtue of a temporary premises removal, the licence shall, at the expiration of the period specified in the certificate of the licensing planning committee, or such longer period, if any, as the licensing planning committee may allow, become void unless it has previously been removed to other premises.

(4) Where a certificate is given under subsection (1) of this section, section thirty-two of this Act shall not, in relation to the licence in question, apply to the temporary premises specified in the certificate, nor shall those premises be treated for the purposes of Part I of this Act as not being structurally adapted to the class of licence required; but nothing in this subsection shall require justices to grant a removal to, or to renew a licence for, any premises which in their opinion are not proper to be used, for the period specified in the certificate or as the case may be for the further period allowed by the committee, for the purposes of the business of the holder of the licence.

(5) Nothing in this section shall limit the powers conferred by this Part of this Act of granting planning removals; and, in the provisions of this Part of this Act conferring those powers, and in the preceding provisions of this section, references to removals include references to removals to or from temporary premises from or to other premises on the same site.

(6) In this section the expression "temporary premises" includes all premises, whether temporary in their nature or not, that it is not intended to use permanently for the purposes of the business in question.

Regulations. 62. The Secretary of State may make regulations—

(a) about the procedure to be followed, and the fees to be paid, on and in connection with applications under this Part of this Act to licensing justices,

(b) about the procedure, including quorum, of licensing planning committees and sub-committees appointed under the Seventh Schedule to this Act,

(c) for fixing the time within which and the manner in

which objections to proposals of a licensing planning committee may be made to the Minister,

1953 Licensing , 1953 Ch. 46

() about the keeping and auditing of accounts of the expenditure of licensing planning committees and the furnishing by those committees of estimates of expenses to the authorities by whom the expenses of the committees fall to be defrayed, and

(e) for prescribing anything that by this Part of this Act is

required or authorised to be prescribed.

63. A person shall not, by reason of his membership of, or Membership of anything done by him in the course of his duties as a member of, licensing

a licensing planning committee or a sub-committee of a licensing Pluming planning committee, be held to be disqualified for acting as a to^qualify0t licensing justice in relation to any matter falling to be decided licensing by the licensing justices for the licensing planning area or any justice, part of it, whether under this Part of this Act or otherwise.

64. —(1) The Administrative County of London shall be a County of licensing planning area; and, subject to the following provisions London-of this section and the provisions of the next following section,

the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, including section fifty-five of this Act, shall apply to that area as if it had been constituted by order of the Secretary of State under subsection (2) of section fifty-three of this Act.

(2) This Part of this Act shall not apply to justices’ licences for premises in the Administrative County of London which, under any enactment or by virtue of any condition imposed under subsection (2) of section six of this Act, authorise the sale of intoxicating liquor only for consumption with a meal in a restaurant.

65. —(1) This section applies to proposals for planning re-Proposals for

movals within the Administrative County of London and pro- planning posals for the surrender or extinguishment of justices’ licences removals and for premises in that County, exclusive, in either case, of any nof

area for the time being designated by order of the Minister London.

as an area of large-scale redevelopment.

The power conferred on the Minister by this subsection to make an order includes power to revoke or vary an order so made by a subsequent order.

(2) Any proposal to which this section applies shall be formulated by the appropriate subcommittee of the licensing planning committee instead of by that committee and shall be submitted to that committee instead of to the Minister; and accordingly in subsections (1), (3) and (6) of section fifty-seven of this Act references to the licensing planning committee shall, in relation to proposals to which this section applies, be construed as references to die appropriate subcommittee of that committee, and references to the Minister shall, in relation to such proposals, be construed as references to the licensing planning committee;

543

Part II —cont.

544

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part II

—cont.

Interpretation.

Duration of Part n.

and subsection (2) of section fifty-eight, subsection (1) of section sixty, and section sixty-two of this Act shall be construed accordingly.

(3) In its application to proposals to which this section applies the said section fifty-seven shall have effect as if for subsections (4) and (5) thereof there were substituted the following subsection:—

" (4) If no objection to the proposals is made to the licensing planning committee within the time and in the manner stated in the notice, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the licensing planning committee may confirm the proposals with or without modification; but if objection is so made, the licensing planning committee shall afford to any person making an objection an opportunity of appearing before or being heard by the committee; and after considering any objection not withdrawn the committee may confirm the proposals with or without modification

(4) The coming into force of an order under subsection (1) of this section, or of an order varying or revoking such an order, shall not affect the proceedings in relation to any proposals submitted for confirmation before the coming into operation of the order.

66. —(1) In this Part of this Act—

" local planning authority " has the same meaning as in the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947;

"war damage" has the meaning given by section two of the War Damage Act, 1943;

" prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made under section sixty-two of this Act.

(2) Except where this Part of this Act expressly provides to the contrary, the provisions of this Part of this Act are without prejudice to the provisions of this or any other Act about licensing and licensed premises; and in particular, and without prejudice to the generality of the preceding provisions of this subsection, nothing in this Part of this Act shall, except as aforesaid, be construed as restricting the powers of any authority under the enactments relating to town and country planning to acquire or control the use of land.

67. This Part of this Act shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-four, and shall then expire:

Provided that on the expiration of this Part of this Act subsection (2) of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals), shall have effect as if this Part of this Act had been repealed by another Act.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

545

Part III New Towns

68.—(1) For the purpose of determining the number, nature Committee to and distribution of licensed premises in new towns there shall be determine a committee for each new town, or, if iit appears to the Secretary of Sensed1 of State that by reason of the proximity of any two new towns it in

is expedient that one committee should be constituted for them new town, and the Secretary of State by order so directs, for those two new towns.

(2) Such committees shall be constituted, and their procedure shall be regulated, in accordance with the Eighth Schedule to this Act.

(3) The proceedings of such a committee shall not be invali-. dated by reason of any vacancy in the committee or any defect in the appointment of a member of the committee.

(4) The development corporation for the new town for which such a committee are constituted shall provide for the committee such accommodation and secretarial and other services as may be requisite for enabling the committee to exercise their functions; and the development corporation shall pay any expenses incurred by the committee in the exercise of the committee’s functions or in the payment of travelling and other allowances to the members of the committee, being expenses incurred with the agreement of the development corporation given either before or after the incurring of the expenses, or in default of such agreement with the approval of the Secretary of State given as aforesaid.

(5) Where a committee are constituted for two new towns, the accommodation and services mentioned in the last preceding subsection shall be provided by such one of the development corporations concerned, or partly by one and partly by the other, as the corporations may from time to time agree or, in default of agreement, as the Secretary of State may determine; and the expenses mentioned in that subsection shall be defrayed by the development corporations in such proportions as may be so agreed or determined; and references in that subsection to the development corporation shall be construed accordingly. 6

(6) Any increase attributable to the provisions of this section in the sums—

(a) payable out of moneys provided by Parliament under subsection (2) of section twelve of the New Towns Act,

1946 (which authorises grants out of such moneys for the purpose? of enabling a development corporation to defray expenditure other than capital expenditure), or

s

546

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part in —com.

General duties of committee.

Submission and approval of proposals by committee.

(b) issuable out of the Consolidated Fund under subsection (3) of that section (which authorises the issue out of that Fund of sums necessary to enable advances to be made to a development corporation to defray expenditure properly chargeable to capital account),

shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament or, as the case may be, issued out of the Consolidated Fund.

(7) Where a committee are constituted for two new towns, references in this Part of this Act and in the Eighth Schedule to this Act to the area for which the committee are constituted shall be construed as references to the aggregate of the areas of the new towns.

(8) An order under this section or the said Schedule may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order made thereunder.

69, It shall be the duty of every committee constituted under the last preceding section to consider from time to time, having regard to the existing circumstances of the area for which the committee are constituted and of the proposed development of that area, what licensed premises the area requires, what accommodation and amenities should be provided in those premises and what facilities should be available in them for obtaining both intoxicating liquor and meals and other refreshments, including the provision of accommodation in which beverages other than intoxicating liquor may be consumed and in which the consumption of intoxicating liquor is prohibited.

70. —(1) In the light of their consideration of the matters mentioned in the last preceding section a committee appointed under section sixty-eight of this Act shall from time to time formulate proposals specifying the places in the area for which the committee are constituted at which licensed premises should be established; and the proposals shall specify the way in which any licensed premises established in accordance with the proposals should be licensed, and shall contain provisions (in this Part of this Act referred to as " supplementary provisions ") for the type of accommodation, amenities and services to be provided in premises being or comprising any such licensed premises, including, unless the committee in any particular case otherwise decide, provisions for the service of meals and of refreshments other than intoxicating liquor.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to specifying the way in which licensed premises should be licensed are references to specifying what description of excise licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor should 'be authorised to be held for the premises; and references in this Part of this Act to the licensing of premises in accordance with proposals shall be construed accordingly.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

547

(3) The committee shall submit proposals formulated under this section to the Minister, together with such plans and other matter explanatory of the nature and effect of the proposals as the committee think fit or the Minister may in any particular case require.

(4) Where a committee have submitted proposals to the Minister under this section they shall publish by advertisement, in each of two successive weeks, in one or more local newspapers circulating in the area for which the committee are constituted, and may publish in such manner as the committee may determine, a notice that they have submitted the proposals, naming a place at which copies of the proposals and of the plans and explanatory matter submitted to the Minister may be seen at all reasonable hours, and stating the time, not being less than twenty-eight days, within which and the manner in which objections to die proposals may be made to the Minister.

(5) If no objection to the proposals is made to the Minister within the time and in the manner stated in the notice, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister may confirm the proposals; but, if objection is so made and not withdrawn, he shall afford to any person making an objection an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister or, if it appears to the Minister that the matters to which the objection relates are such as to require investigation by public local inquiry, he shall cause a public local inquiry to be held; and after considering any objection not withdrawn and the report of the person before whom the objector appeared or of the person holding the inquiry, as die case may be, he may confirm die proposals.

(6) Subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the summoning of witnesses and the production of documents before, and the costs incurred at, local inquiries under that section), shall apply to an inquiry held under this section as they apply to inquiries held under that section, but with the substitution for references to a department of references to the Minister. 7

(7) The power of the Minister under subsection (5) of this section to confirm proposals shall include power—

(a) where the proposals relate to the establishment of

licensed premises at more than one place, to confirm the proposals, but without prejudice to the next following paragraph, so far as they relate to one or some only of the places in question;

(b) to confirm the proposals subject to modifications so far

as they relate to the situation of proposed licensed premises;

2

Part in

—cont.

548

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 B2

Part in

—cont.

Grant of new licences and removals in new towns.

(c) to confirm the proposals subject to the modification of any supplementary provisions contained in the proposals or to the addition of any supplementary provisions that the committee could have included in the proposals;

and references in this Part of this Act to proposals that have been confirmed shall be construed accordingly.

(8) Proposals of a committee under this section may be varied or revoked by subsequent proposals formulated by the committee and submitted to and confirmed by the Minister in like manner as the original proposals; and references in this Part of this Act to proposals under this section that have been confirmed shall be construed as references to such proposals as they have effect having regard to any subsequent variation or revocation of them.

71.—(1) Where application is made for the grant of a new justices’ licence for premises in a new town, being premises situated in a place specified in that behalf by proposals under the last preceding section that have been confirmed, or for an ordinary or special removal of a justices’ licence to such premises, then, if the effect of the grant would be that the premises would be licensed in accordance with the proposals and if the licensing justices are satisfied that—

(a) the premises are fit and convenient for the purpose,

(b) the applicant is not disqualified by this or any other Act

for holding a justices’ licence and is in all other respects a fit and proper person to hold a justices* licence, and

(c) effect has been or will be given to any supplementary

provisions contained in the proposals, the justices shall grant the application:

Provided that this subsection shall not limit the powers and duties of licensing justices to impose conditions on die grant of a new justices* licence.

(2) Where an application such as is mentioned in the preceding subsection is for the provisional grant of a new licence or of the ordinary removal of a licence, paragraph (a) of that subsection shall have effect as if the reference to the premises were a reference to them as they would be if constructed in accordance with the plans submitted to the justices.

(3) The grant of a new justices’ licence on an application made as mentioned in subsection (1) of this section, and an order for the ordinary removal of a justices’ licence made on such an application, shall not require confirmation by the confirming authority.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

549

(4) It shall not be lawful for a new justices’ on-licence to be granted for any premises in a new town, not being on-licensed premises, or for a new justices* off-licence to be granted for any premises in a new town, not being licensed premises, or for a justices* on-licence to be removed to any premises in a new town, not being on-licensed premises, or for a justices* off-licence to be removed to any premises in a new town, not being licensed premises, unless—

(a) the premises are situated in a place specified in that behalf by proposals under the last preceding section that have been confirmed, and

(b) the effect of the grant or removal would be that the premises would be licensed in accordance with the proposals, and

(c) the licensing justices are satisfied that effect has been or will be given to any supplementary provisions contained in the proposals.

(5) It shall not be lawful for a new justices* licence to be granted for, or for a justices* licence to be removed to, any on-licensed premises in a new town, or for a new justices* off-licence to be granted for, or for a justices’ off-licence to be removed to, any licensed premises in a new town, unless, in either case, the committee constituted under section sixty-eight of this Act for the new town notify the licensing justices that they have no objection to the grant of the new licence or removal:

Provided that this subsection shall not restrict the grant of a justices’ licence for, or the removal of a justices* licence to, such premises as aforesaid unless the effect thereof would be to add to the descriptions of intoxicating liquor authorised to be sold in the premises or to abolish a limitation that intoxicating liquor should only be sold for consumption with a meal in a restaurant.

(6) The grant of a new justices* Mcence, or of the ordinary removal of a justices’ licence, made by virtue of a notification from the committee under the last preceding subsection shall not require confirmation by the confirming authority. 7

(7) In this section the expression "on-licensed premises" means premises for which a justices* on-licence has been granted and is in force; and for the purposes of this subsection and of the definition of the expression " licensed premises * in this Act so far as it applies for the purposes of this section, a justices’ licence shall not be treated as not being in force by reason only that the grant or removal of the licence was provisional and has not been declared final.

Part in —cant.

550

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part in —cont.

Temporary

licensed

premises.

(8) Where the Secretary of State certifies that the situation of any premises in a new town was approved by him, in consultation with the development corporation for the new town, before the thirtieth day of October nineteen hundred and fifty-two, the premises shall be treated for the purposes of this section as premises situated in a place specified in that behalf by proposals under the last preceding section that have been confirmed and that specify as the way in which the premises are to be licensed such way as may be specified by the Secretary of State; and if the Secretary of State further certifies that the plans of the premises were approved as aforesaid, subsection (1) of this section shall apply to die premises with the omission of paragraph (a), and subsection (2) of this section shall accordingly not apply.

(9) Any application made under subsection (1) of this section may be made and dealt with at a general annual licensing meeting or at transfer sessions; and the grant in pursuance of such an application of a new justices’ licence or the ordinary removal of a justices’ licence shall take effect from the date of the grant.

72,—(1) Proposals under section seventy of this Act may include provision whereby during such period as may be specified in the proposals (in this section referred to as " the interim period ") the next following subsection shall apply to any place specified in the proposals for the situation of licensed premises.

(2) While by virtue of proposals under section seventy of this Act that have been confirmed this subsection applies to any place, premises situated at that place shall not be treated for the purposes of Part I of this Act as not (being structurally adapted to the class of licence required by reason only of the materials of which the premises are constructed or to be constructed or of the fact that the premises were constructed or have been used for other purposes; but—

(a) nothing in this subsection shall require justices to grant

an application for a new justices’ licence for, or for a removal of a justices’ licence to, premises situated at the said place if in their opinion the premises are not proper to be used for the purpose;

(b) where the justices grant an application for a new licence or removal by virtue of this subsection they shall certify that they have so granted the application; and the licence shall on the expiration of the interim period become void unless previously removed, otherwise than by virtue of this subsection, to other premises at the same place or removed to premises at a different place.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

551

(3) Where proposals under section seventy of this Act include Part in such provision as is authorised by subsection (1) of this —corn. section, proposals of the committee for other places at which licensed premises should be established may include provision whereby the proposals shall not have effect until the expiration of the interim period or such earlier date as the committee may from time to time determine.

73. A person shall not be disqualified for acting as a licensing Membership justice in relation to any matter by reason only that, as a member of committee of a committee constituted under section sixty-eight of this SSaualify Act or (before the thirtieth day of October nineteen hundred and licensing fifty-two) as a member of a local advisory committee constituted justice, under section one of the Licensing Act, 1949, he was concerned with the matter in question.

74.—(1) On the coming into operation of an order under Dissolution of subsection (1) of section fifteen of the New Towns Act, 1946, development providing for the winding-up and dissolution of the development corporation, corporation for any new town,—

(a) if under section sixty-eight of this Act a committee

were constituted for that new town only, the committee shall cease to exist;

(b) if under the said section sixty-eight a committee were constituted for that and another new town, the committee shall cease to exercise their functions as respects the first-mentioned new town, and thereafter this section shall apply as if under section sixty-eight of this Act the committee had been constituted for the said other new town only, and the Secretary of State shall vary any order made by him under the said section sixty-eight in such manner as appears to him requisite in consequence of the coming into operation of the said order providing for the winding-up and dissolution of the development corporation;

(c) section seventy-one of this Act shall cease to apply to

the first-mentioned new town but without prejudice to the operation of subsections (1) to (3) and

(9) thereof as respects any application made before the date on which the order providing for the dissolution of the development corporation came into operation or made at die transfer sessions next held after that date.

(2) Paragraph (c) of the preceding subsection shall have effect as if the general annual licensing meeting were a transfer sessions.

552

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Fuz. 2

Part m

—con/.

Meaning of " new town". Revocation of order designating proposed new town. Variation of order.

75.—(1) In this Part of this Act the expression "new town" means an area designated as the site of a proposed new town under section one of the New Towns Act, 1946, by an order that has become operative :

Provided that—

(a) if an order designating the site of a proposed new town is revoked, the last preceding section shall with the necessary modifications apply as if at the time of the revocation of that order an order had come into operation under subsection (1) of section fifteen of the New Towns Act, 1946, providing for the winding up and dissolution of the development corporation;

(b) where, by reason of the variation of an order, land ceases to be comprised in such a site, the variation shall not affect the operation of subsections (1) 'to (3) and (9) of section seventy-one of this Act as respects an application made before the variation took effect or at the next transfer sessions held thereafter, but except as aforesaid land excluded from such a site by the variation of an order shall be treated for the proposes of sections sixty-eight to seventy-four of this Act and the Eighth Schedule to this Act as if not comprised in a new town.

(2) Paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection shall have effect as if the general annual licensing meeting were a transfer sessions.

Part IV

The Carlisle District

Powers of 76.—(1) This section shall have effect for declaring the powers

Secretory of exercisable by the Secretary of State for the purposes of state

nation t management of the liquor trade in the district specified in Part 1

Carlisle district, of the Ninth Schedule to this Act (in this Part of this Act referred to as "the Carlisle district").

(2) The Secretary of State may in the Carlisle district sell intoxicating liquor for consumption either on or off the premises where it is sold, and may carry on any of the activities specified in Part II of the Ninth Schedule to this Act in accordance with the provisions of that Part; and the provisions of Part in of that Schedule shall apply to the carrying on by him of those activities:

Provided that nothing in this subsection or the said Part II shall authorise the Secretary of State, at any premises where he

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

553

carries on a business of selling intoxicating liquor for consump- Part IV tion off the premises only, to carry on any other business except —cont. the sale of mineral waters or other non-intoxicating drinks for consumption off the premises, tobacco or matches.

(3) The local advisory committee appointed under any scheme for the Carlisle district, having effect immediately before the commencement of this Act under section one of the Licensing Act, 1949, shall assist the Secretary of State in the exercise of his functions relating to the district; and the provisions of the scheme having effect immediately before the commencement of this Act shall, notwithstanding the repeal by this Act of the said section, continue to have effect subject to any provision in the scheme for its variation or duration, and subject to any provision in the scheme for the making of a new scheme to take effect on the expiry of the previous scheme.

(4) The Secretary of State shall cause such accounts to be kept in relation to the Carlisle district as the Treasury may direct, and shall cause an annual report to be presented to Parliament about his procedure in connection with the management of the liquor trade in that district.

77.—(1) No person, other than a person acting on behalf of Restriction of the Secretary of State, shall sell intoxicating liquor by retail in the Carlisle district; and no person, other than a person otherwise acting on behalf of the Secretary of State, shall supply intoxi- than by

(a) to anything done in premises that were licensed premises district.

or premises of a registered club when state management came into operation in the district and have continued to be licensed premises or premises of a registered club, as the case may be, since that time;

(b) to anything done under the written authority of the

Secretary of State and in accordance with such terms and conditions as he may specify;

(c) to anything done in premises of a class specified by

order of the Secretary of State.

(2) If any person contravenes the preceding subsection he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

(3) In this section the expression "licensed premises" does not include premises where the Secretary of State carries on a business of selling liquor by retail in the exercise of powers conferred on him by this Part of this Act.

Provided that this subsection shall not apply—

liquor in

Carlisle

554

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part IV

Acquisition of land.

78.—(1) For the purposes of his functions under this Part of this Act the Secretary of State may—

(a) by agreement purchase or take on lease any land whether

in the Carlisle district or elsewhere;

(b) subject to the provisions of this section, acquire by compulsory purchase any licensed premises in the Carlisle district and any land in the Carlisle district required for the erection or extension of, or otherwise for use in connection with, any premises in that district in which the sale of intoxicating liquor by retail is, or is to be, carried on on behalf of the Secretary of State:

Provided that before acquiring any land in a new town, whether by agreement or compulsorily, the Secretary of State shall consult with the development corporation.

(2) After the service of a notice to treat for the compulsoqr acquisition under this Part of this Act of licensed premises in the Carlisle district, the licence shall not be removable under section twenty-four of this Act.

(3) For the purposes of the preceding provisions of this section a licence shall be treated as being in force notwithstanding that it may be in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act; and references in those provisions to licensed premises shall be construed accordingly, and as including the site of licensed premises.

(4) The powers of compulsory purchase conferred on the Secretary of State by subsection (1) of this section shall be exercisable for the purchase of any particular land on his being authorised to purchase the land in accordance with the provisions of the Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946; and that Act shall apply accordingly as if paragraph ( of subsection (1) of section one thereof (which refers to the compulsory purchase of land by the Minister of Transport under certain enactments) included a reference to any compulsory purchase by the Secretary of State under this section.

(5) The power of compulsory purchase conferred by paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section shall not extend to the purchase of any interest in land, being an interest belonging to a development corporation; but nothing in this subsection or in subsection (2) of section two or in section five of the New Towns Act, 1946 (which relate to the powers of a development corporation to dispose of land), shall be taken to limit the power of such a corporation with any consent of the Minister requisite under the said section five, to dispose under that section of any such interest on a purchase by agreement under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section or to limit the power of the Minister to give any such consent.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

555

(6) So much of section two of the Ordnance Board Transfer Part jy Act. 1855, as provides that, where a Secretary of State ceases —corn. to hold office, the land mentioned in that section shall by virtue

of that Act be transferred to and vested in his successor as therein provided shall apply to the Secretary of State in relation to land vested in him for the purposes of his functions under this Part of this Act.

(7) Any officer of the Valuation Office of the Inland Revenue Department, or any other person if authorised by the Secretary of State, may at any reasonable time enter upon land for the purpose of surveying it in connection with any proposal for the compulsory purchase of the land, or any adjacent land, under this section; and any person who wilfully obstructs a person acting in the exercise of a right of entry conferred under this section shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds:

Provided that a person proposing to exercise a power of entry conferred under this section—

(a) shall, if required to do so, produce some duly authenti-

cated document showing his authority;

(b) shall not demand admission as of right to any land that is occupied unless twenty-four hours* notice of (the intended entry has been given to the occupier.

79. —(1) The Secretary of State shall so far as is practicable Provision of secure that a resident tenant or manager of licensed premises alternative acquired by the Secretary of State under the last preceding sec-

tion shall have the opportunity, if the business previously carried licensed on in the premises is continued by the Secretary of State, of premises being employed in carrying it on on terms not less favourable acquired, than those appropriate to a manager employed in a business such as was carried on in the premises before their acquisition.

(2) In this section the expression " resident tenant or manager * in relation to premises acquired by the Secretary of State as aforesaid means a person who immediately before the acquisition was residing in the premises and was either the holder or one of joint holders of the justices* licence for the premises or was employed as manager of the premises by the holder of the licence.

80. —(1) Where a justices* licence is in suspense under this Licences in Act, and the premises for which it was last in force for suspense in

all purposes are, or the site of those premises is, in the Carlisle district, Carlisle district, the Secretary of State on the application of the holder of the licence shall direct that as from the date

* 2

r

556

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part IV of the direction, or such later date as may be agreed between the Secretary of State and the holder of the licence, the licence shall be extinguished:

Provided that, where the licence is in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act, this subsection shall not have effect if—

(a) a notice to treat has been served for the compulsory acquisition under section seventy-eight of this Act of any interest in the premises or site, or (b)such an interest has been acquired under that section by agreement.

(2) The Secretary of State shall pay to the holder of a licence extinguished under this section such compensation for the extinguishment as may be agreed or, in default of agreement, as the Lands Tribunal may determine.

(3) For the purposes of any reference to the Lands Tribunal under the last preceding subsection, section five of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919 (which relates to costs), shall have effect with the substitution for the references to the acquiring authority of references to the Secretary of State.

(4) Compensation under this section shall be determined without regard to the fact that by reason of section seventy-seven of this Act the revival or removal of the licence would or might be prevented.

Expenses and receipts of Secretary of State.

81. Expenditure of the Secretary of State under this Part of this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament; and receipts of the Secretary of State in the exercise of his functions under this Part of this Act shall be paid into the Exchequer.

Interpretation. 82.—(1) In this Part of this Act—

" development corporation " has the same meaning as in the New Towns Act, 1946;

" new town " means an area designated as the site of a proposed new town under section one of the New Towns Act, 1946, by an order that has become operative, but does not include any such area after the development corporation established for the area has been dissolved.

(2) Any ,power of the Secretary of State under this Part of this Act to make an order includes power to revoke or vary an order so made by a subsequent order.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

557

Part V

Suspension of Licences by reason of War Circumstances

83.—<1) Where the Commissioners are satisfied, on application made to them for a certificate under this subsection, that a business for the purposes of which or in connection with which a justices* licence was granted has been temporarily discontinued by reason of war circumstances, they shall certify accordingly, and shall state in the certificate whether or not those circumstances include the destruction of the premises or serious damage to them.

(2) As from the date of a certificate under the preceding subsection, the justices’ licence for the premises shall be in suspense by virtue of this section until it is again in force for all purposes by virtue of this Part of this Act. or until it is extinguished by virtue of this Part of this Act, or by virtue of subsection (2) of section 6ixty or section eighty of this Act.

(3) While a justices’ licence is in suspense by virtue of this section—

(a) it may be transferred or removed in accordance with die provisions in that behalf of Parts I and II of this Act;

(b) it may be extinguished under subsection (2) of section sixty or section eighty of this Act;

but, except so far as is requisite for giving effect to those provisions and the other provisions of this Part of this Act, and except as provided by subsection (3) of section seventy-eight of this Act, it shall not be in force for any purpose.

(4) Where a certificate given under subsection (1) of this section states that the war circumstances include the destruction of the premises or serious damage to them, then the provisions of Part I of this Act for avoiding a justices’ licence by reason of disqualification of premises—

(a) shall be deemed not to have avoided the licence during

the period beginning with the discontinuance and ending with the granting of the certificate, and

(b) shall not apply to the licence during the suspension of the licence by virtue of subsection (2) of this section.

(5) Where a certificate given under subsection (1) of this section does not state that the war circumstances include the destruction of the premises or serious damage to them, then, if the holder of the licence satisfies the Commissioners that since the discontinuance of the business the premises have been affected by war circumstances consisting of the destruction of them or serious damage to them, the Commissioners shall certify accordingly.

Suspension of licence where business discontinued owing to war circumstances.

558

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part V

—cont.

Restoration to full force of licence in suspense.

(6) Where a certificate is given under the last preceding subsection, the (provisions of Part I of this Act for avoiding a justices’ licence by reason of disqualification of the premises—

(a) shall be deemed not to have avoided the licence during

the period beginning with the destruction or damage and ending with the granting of the certificate, and

(b) shall not apply to the licence during the remaining

period, if any, of the suspension.

(7) Where before the grant of a certificate under subsection (1) or subsection (5) of this section an event has occurred which has. or, if a certificate had been granted under the said subsection (1), would have, brought the suspension to an end, nothing in this section shall cause the licence to be in suspense after that event, and nothing in this section excluding die avoidance of the licence by reason of the disqualification of the premises shall have effect in relation to any period after that event.

(8) For the purposes of this Part of this Act—

(a) "war circumstances" means circumstances directly or

indirectly attributable to any war in which Her Majesty may be or has been engaged;

(b) the destruction of premises or serious damage to them,

though not caused by enemy action or other causes arising from war, shall be deemed in relation to a business carried on in those premises to be war circumstances if the execution of works necessary to enable the business to be carried on is prevented by war circumstances.

84.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following subsection, where the holder of a justices* licence for the time being in suspense by virtue of the last preceding section wishes to resume the business carried on in the premises for which the licence was granted, he may give notice in writing to that effect to the clerk to the licensing justices; and from the time of his giving the notice the licence shall be in force for all purposes.

(2) Where the licence is an on-licence and a certificate granted under the last preceding section states that the war circumstances include destruction of the premises or serious damage to them, then, unless plans of such works as are reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the business have been submitted to the licensing justices and approved by them, and the justices have signified their satisfaction that the works have been executed in accordance with those plans, a notice under the last preceding subsection shall have no effect.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

559

(3) Where a removal of a justices’ licence for the time being in suspense by virtue of the last preceding section is granted, the licence shall be in force for all purposes from the time of the grant of the removal.

(4) A justices2 licence in force for all -purposes after being in suspense by virtue of the last preceding section shall, unless previously forfeited or becoming void under this Act, be in force until the fifth day of April next following the first day of the general annual licensing meeting after the time when it ceased to be in suspense, or, if the licence was granted for a term other than twelve months, next following the expiration of a period beginning on the last day of that term equal to the period of its suspension, and no longer:

Provided that, where the regrant of a licence granted for a term other than twelve months is made before the said fifth day of April and application is made to the confirming authority for continuation of the regrant in the same year, this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference to the said fifth day of April there were substituted a reference to the day on which confirmation of the regrant is granted or refused.

85. —(1) Where a justices’ licence is in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act and the licensing justices are satisfied that there are no longer any war circumstances that justify its continuing to be in suspense, they may order it to be extinguished at the expiration of such period as may be specified in the order unless it is again in force for all purposes by virtue of the last preceding section before the expiration of that period.

(2) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares that there are in general no longer any war circumstances that justify justices’ licences continuing to be in suspense, every justices’ licence in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act at the date of the Order shall be extinguished at the expiration of such period as may >be specified in the Order unless it is again in force for all purposes by virtue of the last preceding section before the expiration of that period.

(3) Licensing justices may, on application made to them in that behalf, extend the period specified in an order made under subsection (1) of this section, or, in relation to a .particular licence, the period specified in an Order in Council made under the last preceding subsection.

86, Where at any general annual licensing meeting objection is made to the continuance of a justices’ licence that is for the time being in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act on grounds relating to the conduct of the holder of the licence or his fitness to hold it, and the licensing justices would have had jurisdiction, if the licence had been in force for

Part V

—cont.

Extinguishment of licences in suspense when

suspension no

longer

justified.

Extinguishment of licence in suspense on grounds of conduct or fitness.

560

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 A 2 Eliz. 2

Part V —corn.

Extinguishment of licence in suspense on reference to compensation authority.

Discontinuance of business taking place during proceedings for renewal.

all purposes and the licence holder had applied at that meeting for the renewal of the licence, to refuse renewal, and would have refused it, on those grounds, they may order the licence to be extinguished:

Provided that, notwithstanding the making of such an order, the justices may grant a" transfer of the licence on an application made at the same general annual licensing meeting or at the first transfer sessions thereafter; and if a transfer of the licence is so granted the order for extinguishment shall not have effect.

87. —(1) Subject to subsection (3) of section sixty of this Act, where licensing justices are of opinion, with reference to an old on-licence that is in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act at the time of their general annual licensing meeting, that, if the licence had then been in force for all purposes and an application for its renewal had been made at that meeting, the question of renewal would have required consideration on grounds other than those on which they could have refused it, they shall refer to the compensation authority the question of the extinguishment of the licence together with their report thereon.

(2) The compensation authority shall consider any report made to them under this section, and may extinguish the licence subject to the payment of the like compensation as would have been payable under Part I of this Act if they had refused an application for the renewal of the licence:

'Provided that they shall not extinguish the licence without giving—

(a) the persons interested in the licensed premises, and (b) unless it appears to the compensation authority unnecessary, any other persons appearing to them to be interested, including the licensing justices, an opportunity of being heard.

(3) Section seventeen, subsection (6) of section eighteen and section forty-nine of this Act shall apply with the requisite modifications to the extinguishment of old on-licences under this section as they apply to the refusal of the renewal of such licences by the compensation authority.

88. —(1) If the discontinuance of business occasioning the suspension of a justices* licence by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act occurs on or after the first day of a general annual licensing meeting and before the fifth day of April next following and—

(a) in proceedings taken in relation to any objection to the renewal of the licence made at that meeting on grounds relating to the conduct of the holder of the licence or his fitness to hold it. or

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

(b) in proceedings taken in relation to any reference to the compensation authority of the question of the renewal of the licence at that meeting,

the renewal of the licence is refused, the licence shall be extinguished, but without prejudice to the payment of compensation by the compensation authority under section seventeen of this Act

(2) A justices’ licence subsisting by virtue of a provisional renewal pending a reference to the compensation authority and becoming a licence in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act shall be extinguished upon a refusal of the renewal by the compensation authority.

89. —(1) Whereto) the holder of a justices* licence wilfully omits or

neglects to take steps requisite for preventing its extinguishment under subsection (1) or (2) of section eighty-five of this Act,

(b) an order is made under section eighty-six of this Act an relation to a justices’ licence, or the renewal of a justices’ licence is refused in such circumstances as are mentioned in section eighty-eight of this Act on grounds relating to the conduct of the holder of the licence or his fitness to hold it,

(c) a justices* licence is forfeited, or the holder of a

justices’ licence is disqualified, while the licence is in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act, in circumstances in which a protection order could have been granted under subsection (3) of section twenty-three of this Act if the business had not been discontinued, or

to) the holder of a justices’ licence or his representative gives up occupation of the licenced premises while the licence is in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act,

the licensing justices may grant an application to transfer the licence to die owner of the licenced premises or a person applying on his behalf.

(2) The provisions of this section shall have effect in addition to the provisions for the transfer of justices’ licences contained in Part I of this Act.

90. Sections thirty-five to thirty-seven of this Act shall apply with the requisite modifications to a refusal of licensing justices to approve plans submitted to them for the purposes of subsection (2) of section eighty-four of this Act, or to signify their

561

Part V

—cont.

Transfer of licence in suspense.

Appeal to quarter sessions from licensing justices.

562

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part V

—cont.

Supplemental.

Suspension of justices' licence where licensed premises are compulsorily acquired or temporary premises cease to be available.

satisfaction under that subsection, to the making of an order under subsection (1) of section eighty-five of this Act, to the refusal of licensing justices to grant an application under subsection (3) of that section, and to the making of any order under section eighty-six of this Act.

91.—(1) Any power exercisable by licensing justices under subsection (2) of section eighty-four or subsection (1) or subsection (3) of section eighty-five of this Act may be exercised at their general annual licensing meeting or at a transfer sessions.

(2) The Secretary of State may make such rules, prescribe such forms and generally do such things as he thinks expedient for regulating the practice under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, including the service of documents; and, without prejudice to the generality of this subsection, the rules may provide for the payment in respect of such matters as the rules may specify of such fees as the rules may prescribe.

Part VI

Suspension of Licences by reason of Compulsory Acquisition Etc.

92.—(1) Where the Commissioners are satisfied on an application made to them for a certificate under this subsection—

(a) that a business is temporarily discontinued by

reason of the compulsory acquisition, or the proposed compulsory acquisition, of licensed premises in which the business was carried on other than compulsory acquisition or proposed compulsory acquisition by the Secretary of State under section seventy-eight of this Act, and

(b) that the removal of the licence to other premises, not

being temporary premises, reasonably satisfactory to the person by whom the business was carried on would be prevented by the restriction on removals imposed by subsection (1) of section fifty-eight of this Act, or by its being otherwise impracticable to provide such other premises as aforesaid, they shall certify accordingly.

(2) As from the date of a certificate under the preceding subsection, the justices’ licence granted for the premises which was in force immediately before the discontinuance shall be in suspense by virtue of this section until it is again in force for all purposes by virtue of this Part of this Act or until it is extinguished by virtue of this Part of this Act, or by virtue of subsection (2) of section sixty or section eighty of this Act

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

563

(3) Where a licence granted for any premises is in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act, and the Commissioners are satisfied, on an application to them for a certificate under this subsection—

(a) that the premises have been compulsorily acquired other-

wise than by the Secretary of State under section seventy-eight of this Act, or that it is proposed that they shall be compulsorily acquired otherwise than as aforesaid; and

(b) that the removal of the licence as mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section would be prevented as mentioned in that paragraph,

they shall certify accordingly.

(4) As from the date of a certificate under the last preceding subsection the licence shall be in suspense by virtue of this section until it is again in force for all purposes or extinguished by virtue of the provisions of this Part of this Act or by virtue of subsection (2) of section sixty or section eighty of this Act, and shall not as from that date be in suspense by virtue of the said section eighty-three.

(5) While a justices’ licence is in suspense by virtue of this section—

(a) it may be transferred or removed in accordance with the

provisions in that behalf of Parts I and II of this Act;

(b) it may be extinguished under subsection (2) of section

sixty or section eighty of this Act;

but, except so far as is requisite for giving effect to those provisions and the other provisions of this Part of this Act, it shall not be in force for any purpose.

(6) Where the Commissioners are satisfied on an application made to them for a certificate under this subsection that a business carried on in licensed premises, being temporary premises, has been temporarily discontinued on account of those premises ceasing to be available or on account of the period specified in the certificate of the licensing planning committee under section sixty-one of this Act, relating to the premises, and any extension of that period under subsection (3) of that section, having expired, and are also satisfied of the matters mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section, they shall certify accordingly; and subsection (2) of this section shall apply as if the certificate had been granted under subsection (1) of this section, and subsection (5) of this section shall have effect accordingly.

(7) Where the Commissioners have granted a certificate under the last preceding subsection, the provisions of subsection (3)

Part VI

—corn.

564

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part VI —cont.

Removal of licence in suspense.

Restoration to full force of licence in suspense.

of section sixty-one of this Act avoiding a licence on the expiration of such periods as are mentioned in that subsection—

(,a) shall, if the relevant period expired before the granting of the certificate, be deemed not to have avoided the licence, and

(b) shall not avoid the licence during the period of its suspension.

(8) In this Part of this Act—

(a) references to compulsory acquisition of premises include references to acquisition by agreement by an authority or persons, and for a purpose, such that the authority or persons could be authorised to acquire the premises compulsorily, and to the taking possession of premises by a local authority by virtue of a lease or authorisation under the War Damaged Sites Act, 1949;

(b) references to premises include references to the site of premises; and references to a licence granted for premises in any district or area include references to a licence granted for premises the site of which is in that district or area.

93, The provisions of Parts I and II of this Act about the removal of licences shall apply to a licence in suspense by virtue of the last preceding section notwithstanding die compulsory acquisition of the premises for which the licence was granted or their ceasing to be available or anything done on the premises after the acquisition or their ceasing to be available; and references in Part I of this Act to the premises for which a licence was granted or from which a licence is to be removed shall be construed accordingly.

94. —(1) Where a licence is in suspense by virtue of section ninety-two of this Act and it is proposed to resume on the same site the business formerly carried on in the (premises for which the licence was granted, the holder of the licence may apply to the licensing justices for the district in which the premises are situated for their approval of his fitness to hold the licence and, if the justices approve his fitness, he may give notice in writing to the clerk to the licensing justices of his proposal to resume the business; and from the time of his giving the notice the licence shall be in force for all purposes.

(2) Where a notice under this section relates to an on-licence, then, unless plans of such works as are reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the business have been submitted to the licensing justices and approved by them, and the justices have signified their satisfaction that the works have been executed in accordance with those plans, the notice shall have no effect.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

565

(3) On the grant of a removal of a justices' licence in suspense Part VI by virtue of section ninety-two of this Act the licence shall —com. be in force for all purposes.

(4) A justices' licence in force for all purposes after being in suspense by virtue of section ninety-two of this Act shall, unless previously forfeited or becoming void under this Act, be in force until the fifth day of April next following the first day of the general annual licensing meeting after the time when it ceased to be in suspense, or, if the licence was granted for a term other than twelve months, next following the expiration of a period beginning on the last day of that term equal to the period of its suspension, and no longer:

Provided that, where the regrant of a licence granted for a term other than twelve months is made before the said fifth day of April and application is made to the confirming authority for confirmation of the regrant in the same year, this subsection shall have effect as if for the reference for the said fifth day of April there were substituted a reference to the day on which confirmation of the regrant is granted or refused.

(5) Where a justices' licence has been in suspense by virtue of both section eighty-fthree and section ninety-two of this Act references in the last preceding subsection to the period of suspension shall be construed as references to the aggregate period of suspension under both those sections.

95.—(1) Where a justices' licence is in suspense by virtue of Extinguish-section ninety-two of this Act and the licensing justices are J?®1*of. satisfied

(a) that removal of the licence as mentioned in paragraph y(hea sufpon" (b) of subsection (1) of that section would no longer onger

be prevented as mentioned in that paragraph, or

(6) if it is proposed to resume the business in question on the same site, that it would be reasonably practicable to cany out any such works as are mentioned in subsection (2) of the last preceding section.

they may order the licence to be extinguished at the expiration of such period as may be specified in the order unless it is again in force for all purposes before the expiration of that period.

(2) If Her Majesty by Order in Council declares that the removal of licences as mentioned in paragraph ( ) of subsection (1) of section ninety-two of this Act is in general no longer prevented as mentioned in that paragraph, every justices’ licence in suspense by virtue of that section at the date of the

566

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part VI

—cont.

Extinguishment of licence in suspense.

Transfer of licence in suspense.

Appeal to quarter sessions from licensing justices.

Supplemental.

Order shall be extinguished at the expiration of such period as may be specified in the Order unless it is again in force for all purposes before the expiration of that period.

(3) Licensing justices may on application made to them in that behalf extend the period specified in an order made under subsection (1) of this section or, in relation to a particular licence, the period specified in an Order in Council made under the last preceding subsection.

96. Sections eighty-seven and eighty-eight of this Act shall apply to a licence in suspense by virtue of section ninety-two of this Act as they apply to a^ licence in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act.

97. —(1) If while a justices* licence for any premises is in suspense by virtue of section ninety-two of this Act the licensing justices for the district in which the premises are situated are satisfied that any person other than the holder of the licence has an interest in the licence, or that the holder of the licence has no interest in it, they shall, on application by any person appearing to them to have such an interest, transfer the licence to the person or persons appearing to them to have such an interest

(2) The provisions of this section shall have effect in addition to the provisions for the transfer of justices* licences contained in Part I of this Act.

98. Sections thirty-five to thirty-seven of this Act shall apply with the requisite modifications to a refusal of licensing justices under subsection (1) of section ninety-four of this Act to approve the fitness of a holder of a licence, to approve the plans submitted to them for the purposes of subsection (2) of that section, or to signify their satisfaction under that subsection, to the making of an order under subsection (1) of section ninety-five of this Act and to the refusal of licensing justices to grant an application under subsection (3) of that section.

99. —(1) Any power exercisable by licensing justices under section ninety-four or subsection (1) or (3) of section ninety-five of this Act may be exercised at their general annual licensing meeting or at a transfer sessions.

(2) The Secretary of State may make such rules, prescribe such forms and generally do such things as he thinks expedient for regulating the practice under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act, including the service of documents; and, without prejudice to the generality of this subsection, the rules may provide for the payment in respect of such matters as the rules may specify of such fees as the rules may prescribe.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

567

Part VII

The Permitted Hours

General provisions

100,—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, no person except during the permitted hours—

shall. Prohibition of sale and consumption

(a) himself, or by his servant or agent, sell or supply to any of liquor person in any licensed premises or the premises of a exapt during registered club any intoxicating liquor to be consumed " either on or off the premises, or

(b) consume in, or take from, any such premises any intoxicating liquor.

(2) Nothing in the preceding subsection shall prohibit or restrict—

(a) the sale or supply to, or consumption by, any person of intoxicating liquor in any premises where he is residing.

(b) the ordering of intoxicating liquor to be consumed off

the premises, or the dispatch by the vendor of liquor so ordered,

(c) the supply of intoxicating liquor for consumption on

licensed premises to any private friends of the holder of the licence bona fide entertained by him at his own expense, or the consumption of intoxicating liquor by persons so supplied,

() the consumption of intoxicaiting liquor at a meal by any person at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the permitted hours in the afternoon or evening as the case may be if the liquor was supplied during the permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal.

(e) the sale of intoxicating liquor to a trader for the pur-

poses of his trade, or to a registered club for the purposes of the club, or

if) the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor to any canteen or mess.

(3) If any person contravenes this section he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

101.—(1) The permitted hours in licensed premises in a Permitted licensing district on weekdays shall be such as may be fixed hours in by order of the licensing justices for the district; and, if the licensed licensing justices fix no permitted hours, they shall be the period between half past eleven in the morning and three in the after- ys* noon, and between half past five and ten in the evening.

568

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part vn (2) The permitted hours fixed by licensing justices under this

—cent. section shall be eight, beginning not earlier than eleven in the

morning and ending not later than ten in the evening; and there shall be a break of at least two horns in the afternoon:

Provided that licensing justices, if satisfied that the special requirements of the district make it desirable, may make one or both of the following orders, that is to say—

(a) that the permitted hours in the district shall be eight

and a half and shall end not later than half past ten in the evening;

(b) that the permitted hours shall begin at an hour specified

in the order earlier than eleven but not earlier than nine in the morning.

(3) Licensing justices may make such an order as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of the proviso to the last preceding subsection to take effect for part of the year only, being a consecutive period of not less than eight weeks.

Permitted hours in licensed premises on Sundays, Christmas Day and Good Friday.

102.—(1) The permitted hours in licensed premises in a licensing district on Sundays, Christmas Day and Good Friday shall be such as may be fixed by order of the licensing justices for the district and, if the licensing justices fix no permitted hours, they shall be the period between half past twelve and half past two in the afternoon, and between seven and ten in the evening.

(2) The permitted hours fixed by licensing justices under this section shall be five, of which not more than two shall be between noon and three in the afternoon and not more than three between six and ten in die evening, and none shall be outside those periods.

Permitted 103.—(1) The permitted hours in the premises of a registered

hours in club shall be fixed by the rules of the club, and shall, on week-clubs. days, be not more than eight, beginning not earlier than eleven

in the morning and ending not later than ten in the evening; and there shall be a break of at least two hours in the afternoon.

(2) If the licensing justices make an order under paragraph (a) of the proviso to subsection (2) of section one hundred and one of this Act, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if for the word "eight " there were substituted the words " eight and a half " and for the word "ten " there were substituted the words " half past ten

(3) If the licensing justices make an order under paragraph (b) of the said proviso, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect as if the hour specified in the order were substituted for eleven in the morning.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

569

(4) The permitted hours in the premises of a registered club part Vil on Sundays* Christmas Day and Good Friday shall be not more —com. than five; and there shall be not more than two between noon and three in the afternoon and not more than three between six and ten in the evening, and none shall be outside those periods.

104.—(1) This section shall apply to licensed premises or the Extension of premises of a registered club during the time that— week-

(a) the licensing justices for the district in which the Jjays in

premises are situated are satisfied that the premises restaurants, are structurally adapted and bona fide used, or intended etc. to be used, for the purpose of habitually providing, for the accommodation of persons frequenting the premises, substantial refreshment to which the sale and supply of intoxicating liquor is ancillary, and

(b) the holder of the licence or, as the case may be, the

secretary of the club applies the section to the premises under subsection (5) of this section.

(2) The permitted hours in any licensed premises to which this section applies shall on weekdays be increased by the addition of one hour at the end of the evening permitted hours fixed by or under section one hundred and one of this Act.

(3) The (permitted hours in the premises of any club to which this section applies may, on weekdays, be one hour longer, and end in the evening one hour later, than is allowed by the last preceding section.

(4) During the said hour—

ia) intoxicating liquor shall be sold or supplied only for consumption at a meal supplied at the same time in such part of the premises as is usually set apart for the service of meals,

(b) no person shall consume or be permitted to consume any intoxicating liquor on the premises except at such a meal, and

(c) any bar in the premises shall be closed.

(5) This section shall, subject to the licensing justices’ remaining satisfied as mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of this section, apply to premises from the day that the holder of the licence or, as the case may be, the secretary of the club applies the section to the premises until the day that he terminates the application of the section to the premises.

(6) A day shall be fixed for the purposes of the last preceding subsection by notice to the chief officer of police served not less than fourteen days before the day to be fixed; and the day fixed for the termination of the application of this section shall be the fourth day of April in any year.

570

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part VII —cont.

Permitted

hours.

Supplemental

provisions.

General order of exemption.

(7) The holder of the justices’ licence for premises to which this section applies, or the secretary of the club to whose premises this section applies, shall keep affixed in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice to the effect that the provisions of this section apply to the premises.

(8) If any person contravenes any provision in subsection (4) or subsection (7) of this section he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

105. —(1) The power of licensing justices under the preceding provisions of this Part of this Act shall be exercised by them at their general licensing meeting in accordance with such procedure as may be prescribed by rules made by the Secretary of State.

(2) The power of licensing justices to make an order under section one hundred and one or section one hundred and two of this Act shall include power to vary an order so made by a subsequent order.

(3) An order made under either of the said sections shall be published in such manner as the Secretary of State may direct

(4) A document purporting to be an order made by licensing justices under either of the said sections and to be issued by them shall be received in evidence.

106. —(1) Where, on application to justices of the peace having jurisdiction for the purposes of this section by the holder of a justices* on-licence for premises situated in the immediate neighbourhood of a public market, or of a place where persons follow a lawful trade or calling, or on application to justices of the peace having jurisdiction for the purposes of this section by the secretary of a registered club whose premises are so situated, the justices are satisfied of the matters specified in the next following subsection, the justices may grant him an order (in this Act called a " general order of exemption ") applying to the licensed premises, in addition to the permitted hours fixed by or under section one hundred and one or one hundred and two of this Act, such other permitted hours as may be specified in the order, not including the hour between one and two o’clock in the morning, or as the case may be adding to the hours that may be fixed by the rules of the olub under section one hundred and three of this Act such other hours as may be specified in the order, not including the hour between one and two o’clock in the morning.

(2) Justices shall not grant a general order of exemption unless satisfied, after hearing evidence, that it is desirable to do so for the accommodation of any considerable number of persons attending the public market, or following the trade or calling.

1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Ch. 46

571

(3) A general order of exemption may be granted for such Part vd

days only as the order may specify. —cont.

(4) Without prejudice to the next following subsection, a general order of exemption granted to the holder of a justices' licence shall cease to have effect when the person to whom it was granted ceases to hold the licence.

(5) Justices of the peace having jurisdiction for the purposes of this section may revoke or vary a general order of exemption; but, unless it is proved that the person who held or holds the order had notice of the revocation or variation, a person shall not be guilty of an offence under section one hundred of this Act in doing anything that would have been lawful had the revocation or variation not been made.

(6) The holder of a general order of exemption shall keep affixed in a conspicuous position outside the premises a notice in such form as the order shall specify stating the permitted hours under the order, and, if the order is granted for certain days only, which days it is granted for.

(7) If the holder of a general order of exemption fails to comply with the last preceding subsection, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(8) If any person not holding a general order of exemption keeps affixed to his premises any notice purporting to be a notice required by subsection (6) of this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

107. On application to justices of the peace having juris- Special order diction for the purposes of this section by the holder of a of exemption, justices* on-licence or by the secretary of a registered club, the

justices may grant him an order (in this Act called a " special order of exemption ’*) applying to the licensed premises, on such special occasion or occasions as the order may specify, in addition to the permitted hours fixed by or under section one hundred and one or one hundred and two of this Act, such other permitted hours as the order may specify, or. as the case may be, adding, on such special occasion or occasions as the order may specify, to the hours that may be fixed by the rules of the club under section one hundred and three of this Act such other hours as the order may specify.

108. The power to grant* revoke or vary a general order of Orders of exemption, or to grant a special order of exemption, shall be exemption, exercisable by justices of the peace acting for the petty sessions

area in which the premises are situated and by the number of JU5n0C8’ justices, and in the place, required by the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, for the hearing of a complaint.

572

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 B 2

Part VII

—cont.

Six-day

licence.

Early-dosing

licence.

Wales and Monmouthshire.

Permitted hours in the metropolis.

109. —(1) Licensing justices shall, at the request of the person applying for a justices’ on-licence, insert in the licence a condition that on Sundays there shall be no permitted hours in the premises for which they grant the licence.

(2) A licence in which such a condition is inserted is in this Act referred to as a " six-day licence ".

(3) If the holder of a six-day licence commits an offence under section one hundred of this Act on Sunday, he shall also he guilty of selling intoxicating liquor without a justices' licence.

110. —(1) Licensing justices shall, at the request of the person applying for a justices’ on-licence, insert in the licence a condition that the permitted hours shall end one hour earlier in the evening than the permitted hours fixed by or under sections one hundred and one or one hundred and two of this Act

(2) A licence in which such a condition is inserted is in this Act referred to as an " early-closing licence ".

Wales and Monmouthshire

111. There shall be no permitted hours on any Sunday in licensed premises in Wales and Monmouthshire.

The metropolis

112.—(1) The permitted hours in the metropolis shall on weekdays be nine and shall end not later than eleven, net earlier than half past ten, in the evening; and in their application to licensed premises in the metropolis—

(a) section one hundred and one of this Act shall have

effect as if for the word "ten " in the first place where it occurs there were substituted the word "eleven ", for the word "eight " in the first place where it occurs there were substituted the word "nine " and for the words " not later than ten " there were substituted the words " not later than eleven nor earlier than half past ten " and as if the proviso to subsection (2) and subsection (3) were omitted;

(b) section one hundred and three of this Act shall have

effect as if in subsection (1) for the word "eight " there were substituted the word "nine " and for the word "ten " there were substituted the word "eleven " and as if subsections (2) and (3) were omitted.

(2) The power under sections one hundred and six and one hundred and seven of this Act to grant a general or special

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

573

order of exemption, or to revoke or vary a general order of exemption, shall—

(a) if the premises are in the City of London, be exercisable

by the Commissioner of Police for the City of London with the approval of the Lord Mayor;

(b) if the premises are in the metropolitan police district, be exercisable by the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis with the approval of the Secretary of State,

instead of by justices of the peace.

113.—(1) If on application made to the licensing justices with respect to licensed premises in any part of the metropolis outside the City of London, being a part specified for the purposes of this section by an order of the Secretary of State, the justices are satisfied—

(a) that the premises are an hotel or restaurant to which this section applies,

(b) that a music and dancing licence is in force for the premises, and

(c) that the whole or any part of the .premises is structurally

adapted, and bona fide used, or intended to be used, for the purpose of providing for persons resorting to the .premises music and dancing and substantial refreshment to which the sale of intoxicating liquor is ancillary,

the licensing justices shall grant a certificate under this section (in this Act referred to as a "special hours certificate") for the premises or, if they are satisfied that part only of the premises is adapted or used or intended to be used as mentioned in paragraph (c) of this subsection, for that part

(2) This section applies to hotels and restaurants being—

(a) premises for which the excise licence for the time being

in force is a licence the duty on which is the reduced duty payable under .paragraph 3 of the Fourth Schedule to the Customs and Excise Act, 1952;

(b) premises for which the excise licence for the time being

in force is granted in pursuance of regulations under paragraph 4 of the said Schedule (which relates to the granting of licences for new hotels and restaurants on die provisional payment of reduced duty);

(c) premises structurally adapted and bona fide used as

mentioned in subparagraph (1) of the said paragraph 3, about which the Secretary of State certifies that he is satisfied that no application under the said paragraph 3 or 4 has been made in respect of the period for which the excise licence for the time being in force was

Part VII

—cont.

Special hours certificates for hotels and restaurants in the metropolis.

5~4

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part vn granted, but that if such an application had been

—com. made such a licence could properly have been granted

as is mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph ( ) of this subsection.

(3) An application for a certificate under paragraph (c) of the last preceding subsection shall be made in such form, and accompanied by such evidence, as may be prescribed.

(4) Where a special hours certificate has been granted for premises, or part of premises, for which the Secretary of State has granted a certificate under the said paragraph (c) and has not been revoked, the holder of the justices’ licence shall, at such time in each subsequent year as may be prescribed, make a return to the Secretary of State, in such form and accompanied by such evidence as may be prescribed, of the receipts in the preceding year from the sale of intoxicating liquor and of the total receipts in that year from the business of all descriptions carried on by him in the premises; and if—

(a) the return is not duly made, or

(b) the Secretary of State is not satisfied, by any such return, that the receipts from the sale of intoxicating liquor in the preceding year were less, in the case of a restaurant than three-fifths, and in the case of any other premises than one-half, of the said total receipts,

the Secretary of State may give notice to the holder of the licence that the Secretary of State is not satisfied as aforesaid.

In this subsection " year " means a period of twelve months ending with the thirty-first day of March.

(5) Licensing justices may exercise their powers under this section at their general annual licensing meeting or at a transfer sessions.

(6) In this section " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations of the Secretary of State.

London 114.—(1) If on application made to the London County

County Council by the secretary of a club to which this section applies Council’s with respect to any premises to which this section applies SiSbUity of situated in a part of the metropolis for the time being specified club premises for the purposes of the last preceding section by order of the for music and Secretary of State, the Council are satisfied that the premises dancing. (whether or not they are kept or intended to be kept for dancing, music or other public entertainment of the like kind) in all other respects fulfil the Council’s requirements for the grant of a music and dancing licence, the Council may grant a certificate for the premises under this section.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

575

(2) The Council may grant a certificate under this section or. such terms, and subject to such conditions or restrictions, as they think fit; and, subject to the following provisions of this section, the certificate shall remain in force for such period as it may specify.

(3) The Council may, on the application of the secretary of the club, from time to time renew a certificate granted under this section; and the preceding provisions of this section shall apply to the renewal of a certificate as they apply to the grant of one.

(4) The Council may, on the application of the secretary of the club, waive or modify any condition or restriction subject to which a certificate has been granted under this section.

(5) If while a certificate is in force under this section it appears to the Council—

(a) that any condition or restriction subject to which the certificate was granted or last renewed, as the case may be, has not been complied with or, in the case of a condition or restriction that has been modified under the last preceding subsection, that the condition or restriction as so modified has not been complied with, and

(b) that the condition or restriction has not been waived under the last preceding subsection,

the Council may give the secretary of the club notice that they propose to revoke the certificate, specifying the ground upon which they propose to revoke it, and shall give the secretary an opportunity of being heard by a person appointed by the Council for the purpose.

(6) The Council may, not less than seven days after the giving of such notice as aforesaid, and, if the secretary avails himself of the opportunity of being heard, after considering the report of the person appointed to hear the secretary, revoke the certificate.

(7) This section applies to a registered club and to a club that it is proposed to register and to premises occupied by a registered club and to premises that it is .proposed that a registered club shall occupy.

115. If on application made to the magistrate with respect to premises to which the last preceding section applies, being premises in any .part of the metropolis for the time being specified for the purposes of section one hundred and thirteen of this Act by order of the Secretary of State, the magistrate is satisfied—

(a) that a London County Council’s certificate granted under the last preceding section is in force for the premises, and

Part VII

—cont.

Special hours certificates for clubs in the metropolis.

576

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part VII —cont.

Grant of special hours certificate limited to part of year.

Permitted hours where special hours certificate in force.

(b) that the whole or any part of the premises is structurally adapted, and bona fide used, or intended to be used, for the purpose of providing for the members of the club music and dancing and substantial refreshment to which the sale of intoxicating liquor is ancillary,

the magistrate shall grant a certificate under this section (in this Act referred to as a " special hours certificate ") for the premises or, if he is satisfied that part only of the ,premises is adapted or used or intended to be used as mentioned in paragraph (6) of this subsection, for that part.

116. Where on application for a special hours certificate the licensing justices are, or the magistrate is, satisfied that the premises or parts of the premises to which the application relates are used, or intended to be used, as mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirteen of this Act, or paragraph (6) of the last preceding section, during parts only of each year, the justices or magistrate may grant a certificate limited so as to be in force during those parts only.

117. —(1) This section shall apply to premises or part of premises during the time that—

(a) there is in force for the premises or part a special hours

certificate, and

(b) the holder of the licence or, as the case may be, the

secretary of the club, applies the section to the premises or part under subsection (6) of this section.

(2) The permitted hours on week-days in any premises or part of premises to which this section applies shall be the period between half past twelve and three o’clock in the afternoon and between half past six in the evening and two o’clock in the morning following:

Provided that—

(a) the second part of the permitted hours shall on Saturday

end at midnight;

(b) on any day that music and dancing is not .provided after

midnight the second part of the permitted hours shall end at midnight;

(c) on any week-day that music and dancing end between

midnight and two o’clock in the morning the second part of the permitted hours shall end when the music and dancing end.

(3) Nothing in subsection (1) of section one hundred of this Act shall prohibit or restrict the consumption on weekdays of intoxicating liquor in premises or part of premises to which this section applies at any time within half an hour after the conclusion of the second part of the permitted hours authorised by this section.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

577

(4) Section one hundred and four of this Act, and, so far as Part vn it applies to the conclusion of the second part of the permitted —com. hours authorised by this section, paragraph () of subsection (2) of section one hundred of this Act, shall not apply to premises or part of premises to which this section applies.

(5) Nothing in subsections (2) to (4) of this section shall authorise the sale, supply or consumption of intoxicating liquor at any bar except—

(a) during the permitted hours that would apply to the

premises if this section did not apply to them, or

(b) at a meal within half an hour after the conclusion of

those permitted hours in the evening if the liquor was supplied during those permitted hours and served at the same time as the meal and for consumption at the meal.

(6) This section shall, subject to the special hours certificate’s being in force, apply to premises or part of premises from the day that the holder of the licence or, as the case may be, the secretary of the club applies the section to the premises or part until the day that he terminates the application of the section to the premises or part.

(7) A day shall be fixed for the purposes of the last preceding subsection by notice to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis served not less than fourteen days before the day to be fixed.

(8) The holder of the justices’ licence for licensed premises or part of premises to which this section applies shall keep affixed in some conspicuous place in the premises a notice stating the effect of subsections (2) to (5) of this section, and if he fails to do so he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

118.—(1) At any time while a special hours certificate for any Revocation of premises or part of premises is in force the Commissioner of *P«cgl hours Police of the Metropolis may apply to the licensing justices, if ccrtlficate-the certificate was granted under section one hundred and thirteen of this Act, or to the magistrate, if it was granted under section one hundred and fifteen of this Act, for the revocation of the certificate on the ground that, while the certificate has been in force—

(a) the premises have not, or the part has not, been used as mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirteen or paragraph (b) of section one hundred and fifteen of this Act, as the case may be, or

T

578

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part Vn

— con

Special hours certificates. Supplemental provisions.

(b) a person has been convicted of having on those premises or that part contravened section one hundred of this Act,

or that on the whole the persons resorting to the premises or part are there, at times when the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor there is lawful by virtue only of the special hours certificate, for the purpose of obtaining intoxicating liquor rather than for the purpose of dancing or of obtaining refreshments other than intoxicating liquor; and if the justices are, or the magistrate is, satisfied that the ground of the application is made out they or he may revoke the certificate.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the preceding subsection, if—

(a) at any time while a special hours certificate granted

under section one hundred and thirteen of this Act is in force no music or dancing licence is in force for the premises or part of premises to which the certificate relates, or

(b) on an application under paragraph 3 or 4 of the Fourth Schedule to the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, in respect of premises for which such a certificate is in force the applicant fails to satisfy the Commissioners of the matters requisite for the reduction of duty under that paragraph, or

(c) the Secretary of State gives a notice under subsection

(4) of section one hundred and thirteen of this Act, the certificate shall thereby be revoked.

(3) At any time while a special hours certificate granted under section one hundred and fifteen of this Act is in force the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis may apply to the magistrate for the revocation of the certificate on the ground that the revocation is expedient by reason of the occurrence of disorderly or indecent conduct in the premises or part to which the certificate relates; and if the magistrate is satisfied that the ground of the application is made out he shall revoke the certificate.

(4) Without prejudice to the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, if at any time while a certificate granted under section one hundred and fifteen of this Act is in force no London County Council’s certificate under section one hundred and fourteen of this Act is in force, the special hours certificate shall thereby be revoked.

119.—(1) In sections one hundred and thirteen to one hundred and eighteen of this Act—

(a) the expression "the magistrate" in relation to any premises means the metropolitan stipendiary magistrate

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

57?

for the metropolitan stipendiary court division in which the premises are situated, and

(b) the expression 44 music and dancing licence " means a licence granted by the London County Council for the keeping or using of any premises for public dancing, singing, music or other public entertainment

(2) References in those sections to providing music and dancing and refreshment shall be construed as references to providing them on every weekday, subject to any break for a period or periods not exceeding two weeks in any twelve successive months or on any special occasion or by reason of any emergency; and references in those sections to providing dancing shall be construed as references to providing facilities for dancing that are adequate having regard to the number of persons for whose reception in the premises or part of premises in question provision is made.

(3) A certificate purporting to be issued on behalf of the Commissioners that any premises are such as are specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirteen of this Act shall be receivable as evidence that the premises are such premises.

(4) The Secretary of State may make rules for the procedure on any application under the said sections.

(5) Any notice under sections one hundred and thirteen to one hundred and eighteen of this Act shall be in writing.

(6) Any power conferred on the Secretary of State by the said sections to make an order includes power to revoke or vary an order so made by a subsequent order.

Part VIII

General Provisions Regulating Sale of Intoxicating

Liquor

Illegal Sale

120.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, if any person—

(a) sells or exposes for sale by retail any intoxicating liquor

without holding a justices’ licence authorising him to hold an excise licence for the sale of that liquor, or

(b) holding a justices’ licence sells or exposes for sale by retail any intoxicating liquor except at the place for which the justices’ licence authorises him to hold an excise licence for the sale of that liquor,

he shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

t 2

Part VII —corn.

Selling liquor

without

licence.

580

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part VIII

—con/.

Liquor of kind not authorised by licence not to be kept on premises.

Delivery from vehicles, etc.

(2) If any person commits an offence under this section, he shall be liable—

(a) on a first conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding one month or a fine not exceeding fifty .pounds;

(b) on a second conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds;

(c) on a third or subsequent conviction to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding six months or a fine not exceeding one hundred .pounds.

(3) The holder of a justices’ licence shall, on his second or subsequent conviction of an offence under this section, forfeit the licence.

(4) The court by or before which a person is convicted of an offence under this section committed after a previous conviction of such an offence may order him to be disqualified for holding a justices' licence—

(a) on a second conviction, for a period not exceeding five

years;

(b) on a third or subsequent conviction, for any term of years or for life.

(5) The court by or before which the holder of a justices’ licence is convicted of an offence under this section may declare all intoxicating liquor found in his .possession, and the vessels containing it, to be forfeited.

(6) Where intoxicating liquor is sold in contravention of this section on any premises, every occupier of the premises who is proved to have been privy or consenting to the sale shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

121. If the holder of a justices’ licence without reasonable excuse has in his possession on the licensed premises any kind of intoxicating liquor that he is not authorised to sell, he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and in either case shall forfeit the liquor and the vessels containing it.

122. —(1) A person shall not, .in pursuance of a sale by him of intoxicating liquor, deliver that liquor, either himself or by his servant or agent, from any van, barrow, basket or other vehicle or receptacle unless—

(a) before the liquor was dispatohed the quantity, description and price of the liquor and the name and address

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

581

of the .person to whom it was to be supplied had been Part vm entered in a day book kept on the premises from which . the liquor was dispatched, and

(b) the person delivering the liquor carries a delivery book or invoice in which there had been entered, before the liquor was dispatched, the quantity, description and price of the liquor and the name and address of the person to whom it was to be supplied.

(2) A person shall not, himself or by his servant or agent—

(a) carry in any van, barrow, basket or other vehicle or re-

ceptacle while in use for the delivery of intoxicating liquor in pursuance of a sale by that person any intoxicating liquor that is not entered in a day book and delivery book or invoice under the last preceding subsection;

(b) deliver in pursuance of a sale by him any intoxicating

liquor at any address not entered as aforesaid.

(3) A person shall not, himself or by his servant or agent, refuse to allow a constable to examine any van, barrow, basket or other vehicle or receptacle while in use for the distribution or delivery of any intoxicating liquor or to examine a delivery book or invoice carried or day book kept under subsection (1) of this section.

(4) The holder of a justices* licence shall not be guilty of an offence under this section committed by his servant or agent if he proves that the offence was committed without his knowledge or consent.

(5) Nothing in this section shall prohibit or restrict the delivery of intoxicating liquor to a trader for the purposes of his trade, or to a registered club for the purposes of the club.

(6) If any person contravenes this section, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

123.—(1) In this Act the expression "unregistered club* means a club that is required by this Act to be registered, but is not registered.

(2) If any person supplies or sells intoxicating liquor in the premises of an unregistered club, or authorises the supply or sale of intoxicating liquor in any such premises, to a member or guest, he shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or both.

Intoxicating liquor not to be sold on premises of unregistered chib.

(3) If intoxicating liquor is kept in any such premises for supply or sale in those premises, every officer and member of the club shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

582

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part Vm (4) A person shall not be guilty of an offence under the last —cont. preceding subsection if the liquor was kept as mentioned in that section without his knowledge or consent.

Penalty for 124.—(1) Where a person, having purchased intoxicating

breach of liquor from the holder of a justices* licence that does not cover terms of the sale of that liquor for consumption on the premises, drinks off-licence. the liquor—

(a) in the licensed premises, or

(b) in premises adjoining or near the licensed premises that

belong to the holder of the licence or are under his control or used by his permission, or

(c) on a highway adjoining or near those premises,

then, if the drinking is with the privity or consent of* the holder of the licence, the holder of the licence shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) If the holder of a justices* off-licence, with intent to evade the terms of the licence, takes, or suffers any other person to take, any intoxicating liquor from the licensed premises for the purpose of its being sold on his account or for his benefit or profit, he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) For the purposes of the last preceding subsection if liquor is taken for the purpose of its being drunk in any house, tent, shed or other building belonging to the holder of the licence, or hired, used or occupied by him, the burden of proving that he did not intend to evade the terms of the licence shall lie upon him.

Intoxicating 125.—(1) No person shall supply intoxicating liquor in the

liquor not to premises of any registered club for consumption off the premises.

be supplied for except to a member of the club in person, consumption

off premises (2) If any person supplies or obtains intoxicating liquor in of club except contravention of this section he shall be liable to a fine not to members. exceeding ten pounds.

Persons under age

Children . 126.—(1) The holder of a justices* licence shall not allow a

prohibited person under fourteen to be in the bar of the licensed premises from bars. during the permitted hours.

(2) No person shall cause or procure, or attempt to cause or procure, any person under fourteen to be in the bar of licensed premises during the permitted hours.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

583

(3) Where it is shown that a person under fourteen was in the bar of any licensed premises during the permitted hours, the holder of the justices* licence shall be guilty of an offence under this section unless he proves either—

(a) that he used due diligence to prevent the person under

fourteen from being admitted to the bar, or

(b) that the person under fourteen had apparently attained

that age.

(4) No offence shall be committed under this section if the person under fourteen—

(a) is the licence-holder’s child, or

(b) resides in the premises, but is not employed there, or

(c) is in the bar solely for the purpose of passing to or

from some other part of the premises, not a bar, being a part to or from which there is no other convenient means of access or egress.

(5) No offence shall be committed under this section if the bar is in any railway refreshment-rooms or other premises constructed, fitted and intended to be used bona fide for any purpose to which the holding of a justices* licence is merely ancillary.

(6) If any person contravenes this section he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(7) A local education authority may institute proceedings for an offence under this section.

(8) Where in any proceedings under this section it is alleged that a person was at any time under fourteen, and he appears to the court then to have been under that age, for the purposes of the proceedings he shall be deemed to have been then under that age unless the contrary is shown.

127.—(1) If any person under eighteen is employed in any bar of licensed premises at a time when the bar is open for the sale or consumption of intoxicating liquor, the holder of the justices’ licence shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) For the purposes of this section a person shall not be deemed to be employed in a bar by reason only that in the course of his employment in some other part of the premises he enters the bar for the purpose of giving or receiving any message or of passing to or from some other part of the premises. not a bar, being a part to or from which there is no other convenient means of access or egress.

Part vm —corn.

Persons under 18 not to be employed in bars.

584

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part Vin

—cont.

Restriction on sale or delivery of intoxicating liquor to children.

Restriction on supply of intoxicating liquor to young persons for

consumption on the premises.

(3) For the purposes of this section a person shall be deemed to be employed by the person for whom he works notwithstanding that he receives no wages for his work.

(4) Where in any proceedings under this section it is alleged that a person was at any time under eighteen, and he appears to the court then to have been under that age, for the purposes of the proceedings he shall be deemed to have been then under that age unless tie contrary is shown.

128. —(1) The holder of a justices* licence shall not knowingly sell or deliver, or allow any other person to sell or deliver, intoxicating liquor to a person under fourteen:

Provided that this subsection shall not prohibit the sale or delivery of intoxicating liquor to such a person—

(a) at the residence or working place of the purchaser, or

(b) in corked and sealed vessels in quantities not less than

one reputed pint for consumption off the premises only.

(2) A person shall not knowingly send any person under fourteen to any place where intoxicating liquor is sold or delivered in pursuance of a sale for the purpose of obtaining intoxicating liquor except for the purpose of obtaining it in corked and sealed vessels in quantities not less than one reputed pint for consumption off the premises only.

(3) This section shall not prohibit the holder of a justices’ licence from delivering intoxicating liquor to a person under fourteen who is a member of his family or his servant or apprentice and is employed as a messenger to deliver intoxicating liquor, or the sending such a person under fourteen to the licensed premises to obtain intoxicating liquor.

(4) If any person contravenes this section he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not-exceeding five pounds.

(5) In this section "corked" means closed with a plug or stopper, and " sealed " means secured with any substance without the destruction of which the plug or stopper cannot be withdrawn.

129. —(1) The holder of a justices* on-licence shall not knowingly sell or allow any other person to sell, and a servant of the holder of a justices’ on-licence shall not knowingly sell, intoxicating liquor to be consumed on the premises to a person under eighteen.

(2) A person under eighteen shall not buy or attempt to buy in licensed premises intoxicating liquor to be consumed by him on the premises.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

585

(3) Nothing in the last two preceding subsections shall prohibit Part vm the sale to or purchase by a person who has attained the age —com. of sixteen of beer, porter, cider or perry for consumption at a

meal in a part of the premises usually set apart for the service of meals that is not a bar.

(4) The holder of a justices* on-licence, and the servant of the holder of a justices* on-licence, shall not knowingly allow a person under eighteen to consume intoxicating liquor in any bar in the premises.

(5) No person shall buy or attempt to buy intoxicating liquor for consumption in a bar in any licensed premises by a person under eighteen.

(6) If any person contravenes this section he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty shillings, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

Offences relating to measure

130. If any person sells, or allows any person under his control Sale by or in his employment to sell, intoxicating liquor by retail in standard quantities of half a pint or more except in a cask or bottle or measure* in a measure marked according to the imperial standards, he

shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and in either case shall be liable to forfeit any illegal measure in which the liquor was sold.

131. If any person in licensed premises or the premises of any Long pull registered club himself or by his servant or agent sells or prohibited, supplies to any person as the measure of intoxicating liquor for

which he asks an amount exceeding that measure, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

Sale on credit

132.—(1) A person shall not— Restriction on

(a) himself, or by his servant or agent, sell or supply in any 06(111 sale8# licensed premises or the premises of any registered club intoxicating liquor to be consumed on the premises, or

(h) consume intoxicating liquor on any such premises,

unless it is paid for before or at the time when it is sold or supplied:

Provided that, if the liquor is sold or supplied for consumption at a meal supplied at the same time and is consumed with the meal, and the liquor is paid for together with the meal, no offence shall be committed under this subsection.

T *

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

586

Part Vm

—cont.

Communication between licensed premises and places of public resort.

Consent of licensing justices required for certain alterations to licensed premises.

Ch. 46

(2) If any person contravenes this section he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

(3) Nothing in this section shall prohibit or restrict the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor to any canteen or mess.

Structural alterations

133. —(1) If any person makes or uses, or allows to be made or used, any internal communication between licensed premises and any premises, other than licensed premises, used for public resort, or as a refreshment house, he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be guilty of a further offence for every day on which the communication remains open.

(2) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds and, if he is the holder of a justices* licence, he shall on conviction forfeit the licence.

134. —(1) No alteration shall be made to premises for which a justices* on-licence is in force if the alteration—

(a) gives increased facilities for drinking, or

(b) conceals from observation any part of the premises used for drinking, or

(c) affects the communication between the part of the

premises where intoxicating liquor is sold and any other part of the premises or any street or other public way,

unless the licensing justices have consented ito the alteration at their general annual licensing meeting or at a transfer sessions, or the alteration is required by order of some lawful authority.

(2) Before considering an application for their consent under this section the licensing justices may require plans of the proposed alteration to be deposited with their clerk at such time as they may determine.

(3) If subsection (1) of this section is contravened, a magistrates* court may by order on complaint declare the licence to be forfeited or direct that within a time fixed by the order the premises shall be restored to their original condition.

(4) The clerk of the court that makes an order under the last preceding subsection shall, if he is not the clerk to the licensing justices, serve notice of the order on the clerk to the licensing justices; and the clerk to the licensing justices shall serve notice of the order on the registered owner of the premises.

(5) A person aggrieved by an order under subsection (3) of this section may appeal to a court of quarter sessions.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

587

Particulars of licence to be affixed to premises Part vm

135.—(1) The holder of a justices* licence shall keep painted on or affixed to the licensed premises in a conspicuous place. Name of and in such form and manner as the licensing justices may jjolder of direct, his name, and after the name the word "licensed *’ fol- to^xed lowed by words sufficient to express the business for which the to licensed licence is granted, and in particular— premises.

(a) words expressing whether the licence is an on-licence

or an off-licence;

(b) if the licence is a six-day licence, or an early-closing licence, words indicating that the licence is such.

(2) A person shall not have on his premises words or letters importing that he is authorised, as the holder of a licence, to sell any intoxicating liquor that he is not authorised to sell.

(3) If any person contravenes this section he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Provisions for preserving order in licensed premises

136.—(1) The holder of a justices* licence shall not permit Licence holder drunkenness or any violent, quarrelsome or riotous conduct to *}ot P®™1* take place in the licensed premises. drunKenness,

(2) If the holder of a justices’ licence is charged under the preceding subsection with permitting drunkenness, and it is proved that any person was drunk in the licensed premises, the burden of proving that the licence holder and the persons employed by him took all reasonable steps for preventing drunkenness in the premises shall lie upon him.

(3) The holder of a justices’ licence shall not sell intoxicating liquor to a drunken person.

(4) If any person contravenes this section he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

137.—(1) If any person in licensed premises procures or Procuring attempts to procure any intoxicating liquor for consumption r™Vor by a drunken person he shall be guilty of an offence under this pcrso^n section.

(2) If any person aids a drunken person in obtaining or consuming intoxicating liquor in licensed premises he shall be guilty of an offence under this section.

(3) A person guilty of an offence under this section shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

T* 2

588

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part vm

—cont.

Power to exclude

drunkards, etc. from licensed premises.

Prostitutes not to be allowed to assemble on licensed premises.

Permitting licensed premises to be a brothel.

Gaming on

licensed

premises.

138. —(1) Without prejudice to any other right to refuse a person admission to premises or to expel a person from premises, the holder of a justices* licence may refuse to admit to, or may expel from, the licensed premises any person who is drunken, violent, quarrelsome or disorderly, or whose presence in his premises would subject the licence-holder to a penalty under this Act.

(2) If any person liable to be expelled from licensed premises under this section, when requested by the holder of the justices’ licence or his agent or servant or any constable to leave the premises, fails to do so, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) Any constable shall, on the demand of the holder of a justices* licence or his agent or servant, help to expel from the licensed premises any person liable to be expelled from them under this section, and may use such force as may be required for the purpose.

139. —(1) The holder of a justices’ licence shall not knowingly allow the licensed premises to be the habitual resort or place of meeting of reputed prostitutes, whether the object of their so resorting or meeting is or is not prostitution:

Provided that this section shall not prohibit his allowing any such persons to remain in the premises for the purpose of obtaining reasonable refreshment for such time as is necessary for that purpose.

(2) If the holder of a justices* licence contravenes this section he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

140. —(1) If the holder of a justices* licence permits the licensed premises to be a brothel, he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) If the holder of a justices’ licence is convicted, whether under this section or under any other enactment, of permitting his premises to be a brothel, he shall forfeit the licence.

141. —(1) If the holder of a justices’ licence suffers any gaming or unlawful game to be carried on in his premises he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) The conviction of the holder of a justices* licence of opening, keeping or using his premises in contravention of the Betting Act, 1853, or of suffering his premises to be opened, kept or used in contravention of that Act, shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be a conviction of an offence under this section.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

589

142. If the holder of a justices* licence— Part vm

i(a) knowingly suffers to remain on his premises any con- __

stable during any part of the time appointed for the J

constable’s being on duty, except for the purpose of the constables, execution of the constable’s duty, or

(b) supplies any liquor or refreshment, whether by way of

gift or sale, to any constable on duty except by authority of a superior officer of the constable, or

(c) bribes or attempts to bribe any constable,

he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding ten .pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

Part IX Registration of Clubs

143.—(1) This section applies to any club that occupies Registration premises habitually used for the purposes of the club where of dubs, intoxicating liquor is supplied to members or their guests.

(2) Before any premises are occupied or used by any club in a way that will make this section apply to the club, the secretary of the club shall furnish to the clerk to the justices acting for the petty sessions area in which the premises are situated a return signed by him showing—

(a) the name and objects of the club,

(b) the address of the club,

(c) the name of the secretary,

()the number of members, and

(e) the rules of the club relating to—

(i) the election of members and the admission of temporary and honorary members and of guests,

(ii) the terms of subscription and entrance fee, if any,

(iii) the cessation of membership,

(iv) the hours of opening and closing,

(v) the permitted hours, and

(vi) the mode of altering the rules.

(3) The secretary of any club to which this section applies shall, every January, furnish to the clerk to the justices for the petty sessions area in which the premises of the club are situated a return signed by the secretary giving the particulars mentioned in the last preceding subsection and containing a statement that there is kept in the club premises a list of the names and addresses of the club members and a record of the latest payment of their subscriptions.

590

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part IX (4) The clerk to the justices shall keep a register of clubs in a

—cont. form prescribed by the Secretary of State in which he shall enter.

on payment of a fee of five shillings for each return, the matters contained in the returns made to him in pursuance of this section.

(5) The register of clubs shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection on payment of a fee not exceeding one shilling.

(6) Any officer of police, not below the rank of inspector, and any officer of Customs and Excise, shall without payment be entitled at any reasonable time to inspect the register of clubs.

(7) If any person fails to make a return as required by this section, he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or both.

(8) If any person in a return made for the purposes of this section makes any statement which he knows to be false in a material particular, or recklessly makes any statement which is false in a material particular, he shall be liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or both.

Striking club 144.—(1) A magistrates' court may, on the complaint in

off register. writing of any person against the secretary of a registered club,

order the club to be struck off the register of clubs on being satisfied—

(a) that the club has ceased to exist, or has less than twenty-five members, or

(b) that the club is not conducted in good faith as a club, or is kept or habitually used for any unlawful purpose, or

(c) that there is frequent drunkenness in the club premises,

or

() that illegal sales of intoxicating liquor have taken place in the club premises, or

(e) that persons who are not members are habitually

admitted to the club premises merely for the purpose of obtaining intoxicating liquor, or

(/) that the club occupies premises for which, within twelve months preceding the occupation of the premises by the club, a justices* licence had been forfeited or the renewal of a justices' licence had been refused, or in respect of which at the time when the premises were first occupied by the club an order was in force under subsection (4) of this section, or

1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Ch. 46

591

(g) that persons are habitually admitted as members with- Part IX out an interval of at least forty-eight hours between —cant. nomination and admission, or

(h)that the supply of intoxicating liquor to the club is • not under the control of the members or of a committee appointed by the members.

(2) In determining whether a club is conducted in good faith as a club, the court shall have regard to the nature of the premises occupied by the club.

(3) A summons issued in pursuance of a complaint under subsection (1) of this section shall, in addition to being served on the secretary, be served on such other persons, if any, as the justice issuing the summons may direct.

(4) An order under subsection (1) of this section may provide that the premises occupied by the club shall not be occupied and used for the purposes of any registered club.

(5) An order under the last preceding subsection shall be in force for such period as the order shall specify not exceeding—

(a) if the premises have not been subject to a previous

order under that subsection, twelve months;

(b) if the premises have been subject to any such previous

order, five years.

(6) A magistrates* court may by order on complaint vary any order made under subsection (4) of this section.

(7) Where one of the grounds of complaint for an order under this section is that the club has ceased to exist, references to the secretary shall include references to the last secretary or any person appearing to the court to have, or have had, an interest in the club.

(8) A person aggrieved by an order under this section may appeal to a court of quarter sessions.

145. If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information on Search warrant oath that there is reasonable ground for believing— to dub*

(a) that any registered club is so managed or carried on

as to constitute a ground for striking it off the register of clubs, or

(b) that intoxicating liquor is sold or supplied, or kept for

sale or supply, in the premises of an unregistered club,

he may issue a search warrant under his hand to a constable authorising him at any time or times within one month from die date of the warrant to enter the premises of the club, by force if need be, and search them and seize any documents relating to the business of the club.

592

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part IX —con/. Metropolitan stipendiary court area.

Oxford.

Occasional

licences.

146. The functions of the clerk to the justices under section one hundred and forty-three of this Act shall,

(a) in relation to a club whose premises are situated in the

City of London, be exercised by the clerk of special sessions;

(b) in relation to a club whose premises are situated in the metropolitan stipendiary court area, be exercised by •the chief clerk of one of the metropolitan stipendiary courts.

147.—(1) In its application to a club whose premises are situated in the City of Oxford being a club mainly composed of past or present members of the University of Oxford, section one hundred and forty-three of this Act shall have effect as if for references to the clerk to the justices there were substituted references to the Registrar of the Court of the Chancellor of the University.

(2) The powers of a magistrates* court under section one hundred and forty-four of this Act shall, in relation to such a club as aforesaid, be exercisable only by the Court of the Chancellor of the University sitting and acting under the Oxford University (Justices) Act, 1886; but that Court shall have no power to make an order under subsection (4) of that section.

Part X

Occasional Licences and Parties for Gain

148.—(1) For the purposes of section one hundred and fifty-one of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952 (which provides for the grant of occasional licences to the holders of retailers’ on-licences who have obtained the appropriate consent), the expression "appropriate consent" means consent granted by justices of the peace under this section.

(2) The justices shall not hear an application for consent unless satisfied that the applicant has served on the chief officer of police at least twenty-four hours* notice of his intention to apply for the consent, stating the name and address of the applicant, the place and occasion for which the occasional licence is required, the period for which he requires it to be in force, and the hours to be specified in the consent.

(3) Without prejudice to any discretion of the justices under this section to refuse their consent, they shall not grant it unless they are of opinion that the grant of an occasional licence is expedient for the convenience and accommodation of the public.

1953 Licensing Act, 1953 Ch. 46 593

(4) Power to grant a consent under this section shall be part X exercisable by justices of the peace acting for the petty sessions —com, area in which the place to which the application relates is situated, and by the number of justices, and in the place, required

by the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, for the hearing of a complaint

(5) Sections one hundred and thirty-six and one hundred and thirty-eight to one hundred and forty-two and section one hundred and fifty-one of this Act, and section twelve of the Licensing Act, 1872, shall apply to the holder of an occasional licence as they apply to the holder of a justices* licence, and to the place where intoxicating liquor is sold under an occasional licence as they apply to licensed premises of the holder of the occasional licence.

(6) Section one hundred of this Act shall not prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquor authorised by an occasional licence.

149.—(1) It shall be unlawful outside the permitted hours to Prohibition of supply or consume intoxicating liquor at any party organised consumption for gain and taking place in premises kept or habitually used intoxicating for the purpose of parties so organised at which intoxicating e

liquor is consumed: horns at

Provided that this subsection shall not prohibit anything done partie?^ at a party taking place in licensed premises, or at a canteen, mess or the premises of a registered club as part of the activities of the canteen, mess or club, or at any party for which an occasional licence has been granted.

(2) In this section " outside the permitted hours " means outside the permitted hours fixed by or under section one hundred and one or one hundred and two of this Act:

Provided that the break in the permitted hours shall not be treated as outside the permitted hours.

(3) If any person—

(a) supplies intoxicating liquor in contravention of sub-

section (1) of this section,

(b) being the occupier of any premises, permits them to

be used for a party, and that subsection is contravened at the party,

(c) being a person concerned in the organisation of a party

permits any person to supply or consume intoxicating liquor at the party in contravention of that subsection, or

594

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 B 2

Part X () being a person licensed to sell intoxicating liquor,

—cont. delivers such liquor outside the permitted hours to any

premises kept or habitually used as mentioned in that subsection or permits it to be so delivered,

he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds or both.

(4) Any person who consumes intoxicating liquor in contravention of subsection (1) of this section shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds.

(5) For the purposes of this section, a party shall be deemed to have been organised for gain if any pecuniary advantage accrued or was intended to accrue to any person concerned in its organisation as a result of the party; and in determining whether any such advantage so accrued or was intended to accrue no account shall be taken of any expenditure incurred in connection with the party;

Provided that a party shall not be deemed to have been organised for gain by reason only that any person concerned in its organisation took part or intended to take part in the playing of any game, or made or intended to make bets on any game, if the arrangements were such as to give him no greater chance of winning than any other person.

(6) For the purposes of this section, a person shall be deemed to have been concerned in the organisation of a party if he took any part in procuring the assembly of the party or in acting as host or assisting the host at the party.

(7) Nothing in this section shall affect the delivery or supply of intoxicating liquor to, or the consumption of intoxicating liquor by, a person in premises in which he is for the time being residing; and in determining for the purposes of this section whether a party is being held in any premises, or whether any premises are kept or habitually used for the purpose of holding parties, the presence of persons residing in the premises shall be disregarded.

(8) In this section the expression " canteen " includes a canteen in which the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor is carried on under an authorisation granted under Regulation 60AA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939.

Supplemental provisions as to parties organised for gain.

150.—(1) If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information on oath that there is reasonable ground for believing that any premises in the county or borough for which he is justice are kept or habitually used for the holding of parties at which the provisions of subsection (1) of the last preceding section are

1953 Licensing Act, 1953 Ch. 46 595

contravened, he may issue a search warrant under his hand to a Part X constable authorising him at any time or times within one month from the date of the warrant to enter those premises, which shall be named in the warrant, by force if need be, and search them and to seize and remove any intoxicating liquor found there that the constable has reasonable grounds for supposing to be on the premises for the purpose of being supplied or consumed in contravention of the provisions of the last preceding section.

(2) If any person found on premises on which intoxicating liquor is seized under the preceding subsection, on being asked by a constable for his name and address—

(a) refuses to give them, or

(b) gives a false name or address,

he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fiye pounds.

(3) If any person is convicted of an offence under the last preceding section in respect of the premises in which any liquor is seized under this section, the liquor so seized and the vessels containing it shall be forfeited.

Part XI Supplemental

151. —(1) A constable may at any time enter licensed premises. Right of or premises for which or any part of which a special hours constables certificate is in force under section one hundred and fifteen

of this Act, for the purpose of preventing or detecting the p commission of any offence against this Act.

(2) If any person, himself or by any person in his employ or acting with his consent, fails to admit a constable who demands entry to premises in pursuance of this section he shall be liable, on a first conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and on a subsequent conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

152. —(1) If a justice of the peace is satisfied by information Search on oath that there is reasonable ground for believing that any warrant-intoxicating liquor is sold by retail or exposed or kept for sale

by retail at any place in the county or borough for which he is justice, being a place where that liquor may not lawfully be sold by retail, he may issue a search warrant under his hand to a constable authorising him at any time or times within one month from the date of the warrant to enter that place, which shall be named in the warrant, by force if need be, and search the place for intoxicating liquor and seize and remove any intoxicating liquor that the constable has reasonable grounds for supposing to be in the place for the purpose of unlawful sale there or elsewhere, and the vessels containing the liquor.

596

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part XI

—cont.

Licence or exemption order to be produced on demand,

Proof of sale or consumption of intoxicating liquor.

(2) If the owner or occupier of the place from which any intoxicating liquor has been removed under the preceding subsection is convicted of selling by retail, or of exposing for sale by retail, any intoxicating liquor that he is not authorised to sell by retail, or is convicted of having in his possession intoxicating liquor that he is not authorised to sell, any intoxicating liquor so removed, and the vessels containing it, shall be forfeited.

(3) Where a constable seizes any intoxicating liquor in pursuance of a warrant issued under this section, any person found in the place shall, unless he proves that he is there for a lawful purpose, be liable to a fine not exceeding forty shillings.

(4) Where a constable seizes any liquor as aforesaid, and any person so found, on being asked by a constable for his name and address—

(a) refuses to give them, or

(b) gives a false name or address, or

(c) gives a name or address that the constable has reason-

able grounds for thinking to be false, and refuses to answer satisfactorily any questions put by the constable to ascertain the correctness of the name or address given,

he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(5) A constable may arrest without warrant any person whom he suspects of having committed an offence under the last preceding subsection.

153. If the holder of a justices’ licence, or general or special order of exemption, on being ordered by a justice of the peace, constable or officer of Customs and Excise to produce it for examination, fails to do so within a reasonable time he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

154. —(1) Evidence that a transaction in the nature of a sale of intoxicating liquor took place shall, in any proceedings relating to an offence under this Act, be evidence of the sale of the liquor without proof that money passed.

(2) Evidence that consumption of intoxicating liquor was about to take place shall in any such proceedings as aforesaid be evidence of the consumption of intoxicating liquor without proof of actual consumption.

(3) Evidence that any person, other than the occupier of licensed premises or a servant employed in licensed premises, consumed or intended to consume intoxicating liquor in the premises shall be evidence that the liquor was sold by or on behalf of the holder of the justices* licence to that person.

1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Ch. 46

597

155.—(1) Where the conviction of the holder of a justices’ Part XI licence is entered in the register of licences under subsection (2) —com, of section forty of this Act, the clerk to the licensing justices Notice of shall serve notice of the conviction on the registered owner of conviction

nremiwHi of licence*

the premises. holder to

(2) A notice served under the preceding subsection shall, if ^rt0 served by post, be served by registered post; and for the purposes of section twenty-six of the Interpretation Act, 1889, a letter containing the notice shall be deemed to be properly addressed if it is addressed to any place that the owner has specified to the clerk as his address, or, if the owner has not specified any place, to any place that the clerk believes to be the owner’s address.

(3) Where the conviction of the holder of a justices’ licence involves the disqualification of the licensed premises, the court before which the conviction takes place shall cause notice of the disqualification to be served on any registered owner of the premises who is not the occupier.

156. Where conviction of an offence forfeits a justices* licence Temporary

or on conviction of an offence the court forfeits a justices* licence, licence pending and the person convicted appeals against the conviction, the convicting court may, on such conditions as it thinks just, grant a temporary licence to be in force until the appeal is determined or ceases to be prosecuted.

157. —(1) Licensed premises, or a room in a building part of Magistrates*

which is licensed premises, shall not be used as a petty-sessional courts, etc., court-house or an occasional court-house. 5cmsedltm

(2) A general annual licensing meeting or transfer sessions Premises* or special sessions shall not be held in licensed premises or in

any such room as aforesaid.

(3) A coroner’s inquest shall not be held in licensed premises or in any such room as aforesaid if any other suitable place is provided.

158. —(1) Where a riot or tumult happens or is expected to Closing of happen in any county or borough, any two justices of the licensed peace for the county or borough may order every holder premiss in of a justices’ licence for premises in or near the place where the of not* riot or tumult happens or is expected to happen to close his premises for such time as the justices may order.

(2) If any person keeps premises open for the sale of intoxicating liquor during the time that the justices have ordered them to be closed under this section he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

598

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Part XI

—con/.

Justices to act by majority.

Prosecution of offences.

Local

jurisdiction of magistrates' courts and licensing justices.

Service of notices, etc.

(3) Any person acting by the order of any justice of the peace may use such force as may be necessary for the purpose of closing premises ordered to be closed under this section.

159. Any function vested by this Act in the licensing justices, or the justices acting for any petty sessions area, shall be exercisable by a majority of the justices present aft a meeting assembled for the purpose.

160. —(1) Offences under this Act shall be punishable on summary conviction.

(2) For the purposes of any provision of this Act imposing a penalty or forfeiture on a second or subsequent conviction, any conviction that took place more than five years previously shall be disregarded.

(3) Liquor or vessels forfeited under this Act shall be sold or otherwise disposed of as the court imposing the forfeiture may direct; and the proceeds shall be applied as if they were a fine.

(4) The following provisions of this section shall apply to offences under this Act except under section seventy-seven, subsection (7) of section seventy-eight, subsection (8) of section one hundred and seventeen, section one hundred and twenty-six, section one hundred and twenty-seven or section one hundred and forty-nine of this Act.

(5) Any officer appointed by the Commissioners may prosecute for any such offence and, where the prosecutor is such an officer, any fine imposed shall, subject to paragraphs (a) to (e) of subsection (1) of section one hundred and fourteen of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, be paid to the Commissioners or such person as they may direct.

(6) Subject to the last preceding subsection, fines or forfeitures imposed for any such offence shall not for the purposes of section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act, 1949, or any Act relating to the costs, charges and expenses attending proceedings for the recovery of fines or forfeitures be deemed to be penalties, fines or forfeitures under any Act relating to excise.

161. Without prejudice to section three of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952, any river or water lying between, or forming the boundary between, two or more petty sessions areas shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be in each of those areas.

162. Subject to any express provision in this Act, or of rules made under subsection (2) of section ninety-one of this Act or subsection (2) of section ninety-nine of this Act, any notice or document other than a summons required or authorised to be given under this Act may be served by post.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

599

163. Any power of the Secretary of State, the Treasury or the Part XI Minister under this Act to make orders, rules or regulations, —com. except the power of the Secretary of State under Part III of Orders, rules this Act to make orders, shall be exercisable by statutory ^lations instrument

164. —(1) Notwithstanding anything in this Act or subsection Exemptions

(1) of section one hundred and fifty of the Customs and Excise " savings. Act, 1952, the holder of a dealer’s licence under section one hundred and forty-six of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, in

respect of spirits or of wine may be granted a retailer’s off-licence in respect of the same liquor and the same premises without a justices’ licence if the premises are exclusively used for the sale of intoxicating liquor and mineral waters or other non-intoxicating drinks, and have no internal communication with the premises of any person who is carrying on any other trade or business:

Provided that a retail off-licence granted in pursuance of this section shall not authorise a sale by retail except—

(a) to a person holding an excise licence for the sale of intoxicating liquor,

(b) to a mess or registered club,

(c) for delivery outside Great Britain, or

() to a person engaged, at the premises in question or else-

where, in any business carried on by the retailer.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall—

(a) affect any privilege enjoyed by the University of

Cambridge or by any person to whom any such privilege has been transferred in pursuance of any Act,

(b) affect the exemption from the obligation to take out a

justices’ licence enjoyed by the Company of the master, warden and commonalty of Vintners of the City of London,

(c) prohibit the sale of spruce or black beer,

() affect the exemption from the requirement to take out

a justices’ licence conferred on the proprietors of theatres by subsection (2) of section one hundred and fifty of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952,

(e) affect the exemption from the requirement to take out

a justices’ licence conferred in respect of passenger aircraft, passenger vessels and railway .passenger vehicles by section one hundred and fifty-five of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952, or apply to the sale of intoxicating liquor in such aircraft, vessels or vehicles,

(f) prohibit the sale of medicated or methylated spirits.

600

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part XI —com. (g) prohibit the sale by registered medical practitioners, or registered pharmacists, of spirits made up in medicine, (h) prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquor by wholesale, (/) affect any penalties recoverable by or on behalf of the Commissioners, or any laws relating to excise, or (k) apply to the sale or consumption of intoxicating liquor in canteens.

Interpretation. 165.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires— " bar " includes any place exclusively or mainly used for the sale and consumption of intoxicating liquor; " borough licensing district " means a licensing district consisting of a borough having a separate commission of the peace; " canteen " means a canteen in which the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor is carried on under the authority of the Secretary of State or the Admiralty; " the Commissioners " means the Commissioners of Customs and Excise; "compensation fund" has the meaning given by section eighteen of this Act; " county licensing district " means a licensing district consisting of a county not divided into petty sessional divisions or a petty sessional division of a county; " early-closing licence " has the meaning given by section one hundred and ten of this Act; " enactment " includes an enactment contained in any order, regulation or other instrument having effect by virtue of an Act; " general order of exemption " has the meaning given by section one hundred and six of this Act; " grant " in relation to a justices’ licence includes a grant by way of renewal, transfer or removal; and " application " shall be construed accordingly; "intoxicating liquor" means spirits, wine, beer, porter, cider, perry and sweets, and any fermented, distilled or spirituous liquor that cannot for the time being be sold without an excise licence, but does not include beer or porter which on analysis of a sample at any time is found to be of an original gravity not exceeding one thousand and sixteen degrees and to be of a strength not exceeding two degrees of proof;

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

601

"justices’ licence", "justices’ off-licence" and "justices* on-licence" have the meaning given by section one of this Act;

" licensing district " has the meaning given by section two of this Act;

" licensing planning area " has the meaning given by sections fifty-three and sixty-four, and " licensing planning committee " that given by section fifty-four of this Act;

"mess" means an authorised mess of members of Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces;

"the metropolis" means the Administrative County of London together with any area outside that County but within the four-mile radius from Charing Cross;

" metropolitan stipendiary magistrate ", " metropolitan stipendiary court", "metropolitan stipendiary court area " and " metropolitan stipendiary court division " mean metropolitan police magistrate, metropolitan police court, metropolitan .police court area and metropolitan police court division;

" the Minister " means the Minister of Housing and Local Government;

"new justices’ licence" means a justices’ licence granted otherwise than by way of renewal or transfer;

"occasional licence" means an excise licence granted under section one hundred and fifty-one of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952;

" old beer-house licence " has the meaning given by section fourteen of this Act;

" old off-licence " has the meaning given by section thirteen of this Act;

" old on-licence " has the meaning given by section fourteen of this Act;

" ordinary removal " has the meaning given by section twenty-four of this Act;

" petty sessions area " has the same meaning as in the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952;

" planning removal " has the meaning given by section fifty-seven of this Act;

" registered club " means a club registered under section one hundred and forty-three of this Act;

" registered owner " has the meaning given by section forty-one of this Act;

" removal " has the meaning given by section twenty-four of this Act;

Part XI

—cont.

602

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Euz.2

Part XI

—com.

" renewal " has the meaning given by section eleven of this Act;

" sale by retail " in relation to any intoxicating liquor has the meaning given by subsection (4) of section one hundred and forty-eight of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952;

" secretary " in relation to a club includes any officer of the club or other person performing the duties of a secretary and, in relation to a proprietary club where there is no secretary, the proprietor of the club;

" six-day licence " has the meaning given by section one hundred and nine of this Act;

"special hours certificate" has the meaning given by sections one hundred and thirteen and one hundred and fifteen of this Act;

" special order of exemption " has the meaning given by section one hundred and seven of this Act;

" special removal " has the meaning given by section twenty-four of this Act;

" temporary premises removal " has the meaning given by section sixty-one of this Act;

" transfer " has the meaning given by section twenty-one of this Act;

" unregistered club " has the meaning given by section one hundred and twenty-three of this Act.

(2) Any reference in this Act to licensed premises shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed as a reference to premises for which a justices’ licence is in force and as including a reference to any premises or place where intoxicating liquor is sold by retail under a licence and any premises where the Secretary of State carries on a business of selling liquor by retail in the exercise of powers conferred on him by Part IV of this Act.

(3) References in this Act to a second conviction of an offence under any provision of this Act shall be construed as references to conviction of an offence under that provision committed after a previous conviction of such an offence; and references in this Act to a third or subsequent conviction shall be construed accordingly.

(4) Any provision in this Act requiring or authorising notice to be given to the chief officer of police shall be construed as requiring or authorising the notice to be given—

(a) if the premises to which the notice relates are in the City of London, to the Commissioner of Police for the City;

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

603

(b) if the premises are in the metropolitan police district, to the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis;

(c) if the premises are in any other police area, to the chief

constable for that area.

(5) The population of any area for the purposes of this Act shall be ascertained according to the last published census for the time being.

(6) Except where the context otherwise requires, references in this Act to any enactment shall include a reference of that enactment as amended, extended or applied by any other enactment, including this Act.

166.—(1) The Secretary of State may by order made in relation to the Isles of Stilly provide—

(a) for substituting, for the provisions of this Act prohibiting

the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor except as authorised by or under this Act, a prohibition of the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor except as authorised by annual or occasional permits granted by the joint police committee for the Isles of Stilly and in accordance with such conditions as the permits may specify;

(b) for the exercise by that committee of the functions of

the licensing justices under Part VII of this Act and of the functions of a magistrates’ court under the provisions of that Part relating to general and special orders of exemption.

(2) An order under this section may contain such supplemental and consequential provisions as appear to the Secretary of State expedient for the purposes of the order, including supplemental or consequential provisions excluding, modifying, or adapting any enactment relating to the sale or supply of intoxicating liquor in its application to the Isles of Stilly.

(3) The power to make an order under this section includes power to revoke or vary an order so made by a subsequent order.

167. Section one hundred and sixty of this Act shall apply to offences under section five of the Licensing Act, 1842, or section twelve, twenty-seven or twenty-eight of the Licensing Act, 1872, or section two or six of the Licensing Act, 1902.

Part XI

—cont.

Application of Act to Isles of Stilly.

Application of certain provisions of Act to prosecutions under the Licensing Acts, 1828 to 1906.

604

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2 Euz 2

Part XI

—COM.

Repeal.

Short title, extent and commence* ment.

Section 2.

168. —(1) The enactments mentioned in the Tenth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in die third column of that Schedule.

(2) Nothing in this repeal shall affect any order, requirement, rule or regulation made, direction given or anything done under any enactment repealed by this Act; but any such order, requirement, rule, regulation, direction or thing shall, so far as it has effect at the commencement of this Act, continue to have effect, and, so far as it could have been made, given or done under the corresponding provision of this Act, have effect as if it had been made, given or done under that corresponding provision.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of the last preceding subsection, any reference in this Act to a licence in suspense by virtue of section ninety-two of this Act after having been in suspense by virtue of section eighty-three of this Act shall be construed as including a reference to a licence in suspense by virtue of section ninety-two of this Act after having been in suspense by virtue of section ten of the Finance Act, 1942.

(4) Any document referring to an enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to the corresponding provision of this Act.

(5) The mention of particular matters in this section shall not affect the general application to this Act of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

169. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Licensing Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into force on the first day of November, nineteen hundred and fifty-three.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Constitution and Procedure of Licensing Authorities

Part I Licensing Committees

1. A licensing committee shall be appointed in the month of October, November or December for the year beginning with the following first day of January.

2. A licensing committee shall consist of such number of members as the justices appointing the committee may determine, not being less than five nor more than fifteen.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

605

3. A casual vacancy arising in a licensing committee from death, 1st Sch. resignation, or otherwise may be filled up by the justices by whom -—com. the committee is appointed.

4. The quorum of a licensing committee shall be three.

5. The members of the committee retiring at the end of a year may be re-appointed; and, if members are not appointed in any year to succeed the retiring members, the retiring members may continue to act until their successors are appointed.

6. Notwithstanding anything in subsection (2) of section two of this Act, where the total number of justices acting for the petty sessions area forming a county licensing district (excluding any who are disqualified under subsections (1) to (3) of section forty-eight of this Act) is less than ten, the committee for that district may. if the justices so determine, consist of all the justices for the area.

1. A county confirming and compensation committee shall be appointed in such manner as shall be determined by rules made by quarter sessions with the approval of the Secretary of State; and the number and quorum of the committee shall be such as shall be so determined:

Provided that the justices for any non-county borough in the county shall be entitled to appoint one of their number to act on the committee when it is discharging its functions as a compensation authority, whether for the county or for any borough in the county; and for the purposes of those functions any justice so appointed shall be deemed to be an additional member of the committee.

2. Quarter sessions may. if they think fit, make rules for the procedure of the county confirming and compensation committee (so far as not otherwise provided for), and for the costs to be incurred in proceedings on the confirmation of new justices’ licences and for determining who is to pay them.

3. Where quarter sessions are customarily held separately by adjournment or. otherwise for any part of a county, the Secretary of State may on the application of the justices sitting at each such separate sessions by order constitute any part of the county for which quarter sessions are so separately held a separate county for the purposes of the execution of the functions of a county confirming and compensation committee and of quarter sessions in relation to that committee, and the justices usually sitting at those separate sessions a separate quarter sessions for those purposes, and make all necessary provision for the exercise of those functions in such a case.

Power to make an order under this paragraph includes power to revoke or vary an order so made.

Part II

Confirming and Compensation Authorities County confirming and compensation committee

Sections 8, 52.

606

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. 4. Quarter sessions may, for the purposes of the functions as —con/. compensation authority of a county confirming and compensation

committee, divide their area into districts; and if they do so the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall have effect as if, for the purposes of those functions, each of those districts were a separate county having the same quarter sessions:

Provided that the same committee shall for the purposes of those functions be the confirming and compensation authority for each of the districts.

Borough confirming and compensation committee

5. A borough confirming and compensation committee shall be appointed in fie month of October, November or December for the year beginning with the following first day of January.

6. A borough confirming and compensation committee shall consist of not less than nine nor more than fifteen justices; and not more than a third of the members of the committee shall be members of the borough licensing committee.

7. A casual vacancy arising in a borough confirming and compensation committee from death, resignation or otherwise may be filled up by the borough justices.

8. The quorum of a borough confirming and compensation committee shall be three.

9. The members of the committee retiring at the end of a year may be re-appointed; and, if members are not appointed in any year to succeed the retiring members, the retiring members may continue to act until their successors are appointed.

10. The borough justices may, if they think fit, make rules for the procedure of the borough confirming and compensation committee (so far as not otherwise provided for), and for the costs to be incurred in proceedings on the confirmation of new justices' licences and for determining who is to pay them.

Joint committee

11. A joint committee shall consist of three justices for the county in which the borough for which it is the confirming authority is situated and three justices for the borough.

12. The three justices for the county shall be appointed by the county confirming and compensation committee; and the same county justices may be appointed members of more than one joint committee.

13. The three justices for the borough shall be appointed by the borough justices.

14. If for any reason at any time three borough justices are not available and willing to be members of the joint committee, the county confirming and compensation committee shall supply the deficiency by appointing county justices.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

607

15. A casual vacancy arising in a joint committee from death. 1st Sch. resignation or otherwise may be filled up by the committee or justices —cont. by whom the member whose place is vacated was appointed.

16. The quorum of a joint committee shall be five.

17. The senior justice present at any meeting of a joint committee shall be chairman of the meeting; and. on an equal division of the committee, the chairman shall have a second vote.

SECOND SCHEDULE

General Annual Licensing Meeting and Transfer Sessions

Part I Section 3.

General Annual Licensing Meeting

1. The general annual licensing meeting shall extend over at least two days, the first of which shall be in the first fortnight of February; and the licensing justices shall appoint the time and place of the first session at a meeting held not less than twenty-one days before the time so appointed.

2. The first session of the general annual licensing meeting may, if the licensing justices think fit, be held on different days for different parts of the licensing district; and, if this is done, separate times and places may be appointed for the several parts.

3. The time and place of the second session of the general annual licensing meeting shall be appointed by the licensing justices at the first session.

4. The licensing justices may at their general annual licensing meeting adjourn the meeting to any third or subsequent day.

5. The times and places appointed for the second or any subsequent session of the general annual licensing meeting shall be such as appear to the justices convenient for persons intending to apply for justices* licences; and the times so appointed shall not be earlier than the sixth day after the session of the general annual licensing meeting at which they are appointed or later than one month after the first day of the general annual licensing meeting.

6. Notwithstanding the last preceding paragraph the licensing justices may meet for the consideration, or adjourned consideration, of any application made to them at their general annual licensing meeting although more than one month has elapsed since the first day of the meeting:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph shall enable a new application to be made at a meeting held under this paragraph.

608

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

2nd Sch. —cont. 7. When the justices have appointed the time and place for any session of their general annual licensing meeting, the clerk shall send notice in writing of the day, hour and place appointed— (a) within five days, to the chief officer of police; (b) to every member of the licensing committee, every holder of a justices' licence in the licensing district and every person who has applied for a justices' licence: Provided that the clerk shall not be required to send notice of the second or any subsequent session of the general annual licensing meeting to any licence-holder or applicant except— (i) an applicant for a licence whose application has not yet been dealt with, other than an applicant for renewal, (ii) an applicant for renewal to whose application notice of objection has been given, or (iii) where application has been made to transfer or remove a licence, the holder of the licence not being the applicant for the transfer or removal. 8. The chief officer of police shall cause copies of the said notice to be fixed on the door, or on some public and conspicuous place near the door, of the church or chapel of any parish in the licensing district, or, if there is no church or chapel of any such parish, on some public and conspicuous place in the parish.

Section 20. Part II Transfer Sessions Paragraphs 7 and 8 of Part I of this Schedule shall apply to transfer sessions as they apply to the general annual licensing meeting.

Section 5. THIRD SCHEDULE Application for Licence Part I New Licence 1. A person applying for a new justices' licence shall— (a) advertise notice of the application in a newspaper circulating in the place where the premises to which the application relates are situated on some day not more than four nor less than two weeks before the application is made, and, if the licensing justices so require, on some day or days outside the period permitted by this sub-paragraph but within such other period as they may fix.

1953

Licensing Act, 1953

Ch. 46

609

(b) not more than twenty-eight days before the application, cause 3rd Sch. notice of the application to be kept affixed, between ten in —cont. the morning and five in the afternoon of two consecutive Sundays, to a conspicuous part of the premises and to the

door, or some public and conspicuous place near the door, of the church or chapel of the parish or place where the premises are situated, or if there is no church or chapel of such parish or place, some public and conspicuous place in the parish or place,

(c) not less than twenty-one days before the application give

notice in writing to the chief officer of police, the clerk to the licensing justices and—

(i) if the premises are in an urban parish, to the clerk to the rating authority;

(ii) if the premises are in a rural parish, to the chairman of the parish council or if there is no parish council to the chairman of the parish meeting, and

() if the application is for a new on-licence, not less than twenty-one days before the application deposit with the clerk to the licensing justices a plan of the premises.

2. A notice under sub-paragraph (c) of the preceding paragraph, if served by post on the chief officer of police, the clerk to the rating authority or the chairman of the parish council or parish meeting, shall be served by registered post.

3. A notice under this Part of this Schedule shall be signed by the applicant or his authorised agent and shall state the name and address of the applicant, the kind of licences for which he intends to apply and the situation of the premises in respect of which the application is to be made.

Part n Section 21.

Transfer

1. A person applying for the transfer of a justices* licence shall not less than fourteen days before the general annual licensing meeting or transfer sessions, as the case may be, give notice in writing to the holder of the licence, the chief officer of police, the clerk to the licensing justices and—

(a) if the premises are in an urban parish, to the clerk to the rating authority;

(b) if the premises are in a rural parish, to the chairman of the parish council or if there is no parish council to the chairman of the parish meeting.

2. The notice shall be signed by the applicant or his authorised agent and shall state the name and address of the applicant and his trade or calling during the six months preceding the giving of the notice.

U

610

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

3rd Sch.

—COR/.

Section 23.

Section 26.

Part 111

Ordinary Removal

1. Part I of this Schedule shall apply to an application for ao ordinary removal as it applies to an application for a new justices* licence:

Provided that that Part as so applied shall have effect as if references therein to the premises to which the application relates were references to the premises to which it is sought to remove the licence.

2. A copy of the notice given in pursuance of sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 1 of the said Part shall be served on the registered owner of the premises from which it is sought to remove the licence and on the holder of the licence unless he is also the applicant, and. if served by post, shall be served by registered post.

Part IV Special Removal

1. A person applying for the special removal of a justices* licence shall—

(a) not more than six weeks before the general annual licensing

meeting or the transfer sessions, as the case may be, cause notice of the application to be kept affixed, between ten in the morning and four in the afternoon on a Sunday, to a conspicuous part of the premises to which it is proposed to remove the licence and to the door, or some public and conspicuous place near the door, of the church or chapel of the parish or place where the premises are situated, or if there is no church or chapel of such parish or place, some public and conspicuous place in the parish or place;

(b) not less than fourteen days before the general annual licensing meeting or transfer sessions as the case may be give notice in writing to the chief officer of police, the clerk to the licensing justices and—

(i) if the new premises are in an urban parish, to the clerk to the rating authority;

(ii) if those premises are in a rural parish, to the chairman of the parish council or if there is no parish council to the chairman of the parish meeting.

2. A notice given under this Part of this Schedule shall be signed by the applicant or his authorised agent and shall describe the premises from which and to which it is proposed to remove the licence.

3. In the application of subsection (4) of section one hundred and sixty-five of this Act to this Part of this Schedule the premises referred to in that subsection are the new premises.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

611

FOURTH SCHEDULE Compensation Levy Part I

Scale of Charges for Compensation Levy

Annual value ofpremises to be taken as for the purpose Percentage

of the excise on-licence duty

£ £

Under 15

Not under 15 but under 20

f» »» 20 tt ft 25

, , 25 , , 30

tt ft 30 ft ft40

, , 40 , , 50

, , 50 , , 100

, , 100 , , 200

, , 200 , , 300

, , 300 , , 400

» , 400 , , 500

, , 500 , , 600

o , 600 , , 700

, , 700 , , 800

, , 800 , , 900

, , 900

The percentage for an hotel shall be one-third of that specified in the preceding scale.

Where, on the application of the holder of a justices' licence for any premises, the licensing justices certify that the premises are used only as public gardens, picture galleries, exhibitions, places of public or private entertainment, railway refreshment-rooms, bona fide restaurants or eating houses, or for any other purpose to which the holding of a licence is merely ancillary, the percentage shall be such, not less than one-third of that specified in the preceding scale, as the justices think proper.

In this Part of this Schedule "hotel" means premises of the annual value of fifty pounds and upwards—

(a) which are proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to be structurally adapted for use as an inn or hotel for the reception of guests or travellers wishing to dwell in the premises, and to be mainly so used, and

(b) of which either no part is set aside and used as an ordinary public house for the sale and consumption therein of liquors, or any part so set aside and used is of an annual value not exceeding, in the opinion of the Commissioners, twenty-five pounds.

u 2

sum fixed

1 per cent.

2

3

4 6

10

15

20

30

40

50

60

70

80

90

100

Section 18.

612

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

4th Sch. —corn.

Sections 32,52.

Part n

Scale of deductions from Rent A person whose unexpired term does not exceed

I 1 year may deduct a

sum equal to 100 per cent, of

the charge

99 2 years tt 88 If

99 3 99 tt 82 tt

n 99 4 99 ft 76 it

tf 99 5 99 ft 70 tf

99 99 6 99 tt 65 it

H 99 7 99 tt 60 • t

99 99 8 99 tt 55 »>

99 99 9 99 ti 50 tt

99 99 10 99 it 45 ft

99 99 11 ft 99 41 99

99 99 12 ft 99 37 99

99 99 13 ft ft 33 99

99 99 14 ft ft 29 99

99 99 15 ft ft 25 ft

99 »l 16 ft tt 23 tt

99 ft 17 ft ft 21 tt

99 ft 18 ft tf 19 tf

99 U 19 ft ft 17 tt

99 ft 20 ft tt 15 ft

II ft 21 tf ft 14 t;

ft 99 22 ft tt 13 tt

99 99 23 ft ft 12 ft

99 99 24 ft ft 11 tt

99 99 25 ft tt 10 *t

s 25 but does

not exceed 30 years 99 7 tt

ft 30 99 35 tt 99 6 ft

99 35 99 40 tt 99 5 ft

99 40 99 45 tt tt 4 tt

99 45 99 50 tt tt 3 tt

99 50 99 55 tt tt 2 tt

99 55 99 60 tt ft 1 tt

But the amount deducted shall in no case exceed half the rent.

FIFTH SCHEDULE Value Qualification of Premises Part I

On-Licences: General Rule

1. Premises situated in a borough or urban district with a

population of not less than 100,000 £50

2. Premises situated in a borough or urban district with a

population of less than 100,000 but not less than 10,000 ... £30

3. Premises situated elsewhere 15

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

613

Part II 5th Sch.

On-Licences not Authorising Sale of Spirits —cowl

1. Premises situated in a borough or urban district with a

population of not less than 100,000 £30

2. Premises situated in a borough or urban district with a

population of less than 100,000 but not less than 10,000 ... £20

3. Premises situated elsewhere 12

Part III

Refreshment Housbs Licensed for Sale of Wine on 10th August, 1872, for Consumption on Premises

1. House situated in a borough or urban district with a population exceeding 10,000 £20

2. House situated elsewhere 10

SIXTH SCHEDULE Section 51

Fees Payable to Clerks to Licensing Justices

s. .

Justices* licences:

grant of new licence ... 8 6

transfer ... 8 6

removal ... 8 6

renewal—

on-licence for sale of spirits ... 8 6

other cases ... 6 0

Certified copy (s. 47) ... 2 6

Register of licences—

registration as owner (s. 41 (2)) ... 1 0

inspection (s. 44 (1)) ... 1 0

SEVENTH SCHEDULE Section 54.

Licensing Planning Committees

General provisions

1. A licensing planning committee shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State;

(b) members appointed from among their number by the licensing justices having jurisdiction in the area;

(c) members appointed by the local planning authorities having

jurisdiction in the area.

2. The members of a licensing planning committee appointed under sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of the preceding paragraph shall be equal in number; but except as aforesaid the number of members of any such committee shall be determined by the order constituting

614

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 & 2 E. 2

7th Sen. the area; and, where there is more than one body of licensing justices —com. or more than one local planning authority having jurisdiction in the area, the order shall specify how many members are to be appointed by each body of justices or local planning authority.

3. The appointment of a member of a licensing planning committee shall be for a term of three years, and shall be subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State may determine:

Provided that a member appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the end of the term of office of the person in whose place he was appointed.

4. The provisions of the last preceding paragraph shall be subject to the termination of the appointment by the expiration of Part II of this Act, by the variation under section fifty-five of this Act of the licensing planning area or by the revocation under that section of the order constituting the area.

5. If the votes are equal on any question the chairman shall have a casting vote; but except as aforesaid the chairman shall not vote.

6. The clerk to the licensing justices for the licensing district constituting or comprising the area, or, where the area includes the whole or part of more than one licensing district, the clerk to the licensing justices for such one of those licensing districts as may be specified in the order, shall, by virtue of his office, be the secretary of the committee.

7. An order constituting a licensing planning area may provide—

(a) for the appointment of sub-committees of the licensing

planning committee for the area;

(b) for authorising or requiring such matters as the order may

specify to be referred by the committee to those subcommittees.

8. Where an order under section fifty-five of this Act adds a licensing district or part of a licensing district to a licensing planning area, and the order provides for the appointment of additional members of the licensing planning committee by the licensing justices or a local planning authority having jurisdiction in the added district or part, the order may vary the provisions of the original order constituting the district so as to limit the right of the additional members to vote as members of the licensing planning committee to such matters relating to the added district or part of a district as the order may specify.

9. So far as any order makes any provision authorised by either of the last two preceding paragraphs, it may be varied or revoked by a subsequent order of the Secretary of State made after consultation with the licensing planning committee for the area in question.

London

10. Paragraphs 1 and 2 and 6 to 9 of this Schedule shall not apply to a licensing planning area that consists of or includes the Administrative County of London.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

615

11. The licensing planning committee for any such licensing planning area shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State as being an independent person;

(b) twelve members appointed from among their number by the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County of London;

(c) twelve members appointed by the London County Council;

() such number of members as the Secretary of State may by order prescribe, appointed from among their number by the licensing justices for the City of London, and an equal number of members appointed, after consultation with the Common Council of the City of London, by the London County Council;

(e) such persons appointed to a sub-committee under sub-paragraph (c) of paragraph 14 of this Schedule, being persons nominated by authorities or bodies concerned with a part of the area outside the Administrative County of London, as the Secretary of State may by order prescribe, so however that the order may limit the right to vote of such persons to such matters relating to the said part of the area as the order may specify.

12. If, after consultation with the Court of Quarter Sessions for the Administrative County of London and the London County Council, it appears to the Secretary of State expedient to do so by reason of the reduction under any enactment (whether passed before or after the passing of this Act) of the number of petty sessional divisions in London, the Secretary of State may by order direct that sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of paragraph 11 of this Schedule shall have effect as if for the number " twelve " in each place where it occurs there were substituted such lower number as the order may specify.

The power to make an order under this paragraph includes power to revoke or vary an order so made by a subsequent order.

13. The clerk of the peace of the County of London shall, by virtue of his office, be the secretary of the licensing planning committee for any licensing planning area that consists of or includes the Administrative County of London.

14. The Secretary of State may by order—

(a) provide for the appointment of sub-committees of the

licensing planning committee for a licensing planning area that consists of or includes the Administrative County of London,

(b) authorise or require the reference by the committee to those sub-committees of such matters as the order may specify, and

(c) provide for the addition to those sub-committees, for the

purpose of considering and reporting on such matters as may be specified in the order, of persons nominated by such authorities or bodies concerned with the area or any part of it as may be so specified, and may revoke or vary any such order.

7ih Sgh. —cont.

616

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 & 2 El iz.2

Section 68.

EIGHTH SCHEDULE

COMMITTEE FOR NEW TOWN

1. A committee appointed under section sixty-eight of this Act shall consist of—

(a) a chairman appointed by the Secretary of State as being

an independent person;

(b) members appointed by the development corporation for the new town for which the committee are constituted or. if the committee are constituted for more than one new town, by the development corporations for each of the new towns in such proportions as the Secretary of State may by order specify;

(c) members appointed from among their number by the

licensing justices for the licensing district in which is situated the area for which the committee are constituted or, if that area is situated in more than one licensing district, by the licensing justices for each of those districts in such proportions as the Secretary of State may by order specify:

Provided that, where the said area comprises part only of a licensing district, and it appears to the Secretary of State that, by reason of the small extent of that part of the district and having regard to its nature, the licensing justices have insufficient interest in the working of the committee to justify their representation on it, it shall not be necessary for the committee to include any licensing justice for that district

2. The members of a committee appointed under sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of the preceding paragraph shall be equal in number; but except as aforesaid the number of members shall be determined by order of the Secretary of State.

3. The appointment of a member of any such committee shall be for such term, not exceeding three years, as may be determined by or under an order of the Secretary of State, with or without eligibility for re-appointment, as may be so determined, and shall be subject to such conditions as may be so determined.

4. The quorum of any such committee shall be such as the Secretary of State may by order determine.

5. If the votes are equal on any question the chairman shall have a casting vote; but except as aforesaid the chairman shall not vote.

6. Subject to the last two preceding paragraphs, the procedure of any such committee shall be such as the committee may determine.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

617

NINTH SCHEDULE

The Carlisle District Part I Extent of the District

The city of Carlisle, the petty sessional division of Cumberland Ward (except so much of the old parish of Castle Sowerby as is comprised in the parish of Dalston), so much of the old parish of Dalston as is comprised in the parish of Skelton in the petty sessional division of Penrith, the petty sessional division of Maryport, so much of the petty sessional division of Wigton as lies to the north-west of a line drawn parallel to and one-quarter of a mile south-east of the main road from Carlisle to Cockermouth, the petty sessional division of Longtown (except the parishes of Nichol Forest, Solport, and Bewcastle, and the old parish of Bellbank), and the parishes of Bothel and Threapland, Plumbland, Gilcrux and Broughton Moor and the old parishes of Tallentire and Dovenby, in the petty sessional division of Cockermouth, all in the county of Cumberland.

In the preceding provisions of this Schedule the expression " old parish " means a parish as existing immediately before the coming into operation of the Cumberland Review Order. 1934.

Part n

Ancillary Functions exercisable by Secretary of Stath

1. The provision and maintenance in the Carlisle district of hotels and inns where accommodation and meals are provided and intoxicating liquor is sold.

2. The provision and maintenance in the Carlisle district of premises where meals and refreshments may be obtained, whether or not intoxicating liquor is sold in the premises.

3. The provision of entertainment or recreation at premises in the Carlisle district provided by the Secretary of State for the sale of intoxicating liquor, meals or refreshments.

4. The brewing of beer (as defined in section three hundred and seven of the Customs and Excise Act, 1952), the blending, reducing or bottling of any intoxicating liquor and the manufacture of table waters, that is to say, aerated waters and beverages sold or kept for sale in bottles, other than—

(a) liquors for the sale of which an excise licence is required, or

(b) syrups or other liquors intended to be consumed only in a diluted form, for sale in, or to persons in, the Carlisle district.

5. The provision and maintenance of storage accommodation, and the provision of transport, in connection with the carrying on of any activity referred to in the preceding provisions of this Part of this Schedule.

U*

Section 76.

618

Ch. 46

Licensing , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

9th Sch. 6. The carrying on of any business which, by reason of being

—cont. carried on outside the Carlisle district, does not fall within section

seventy-six of this Act or the preceding provisions of this Schedule, so long as the business is carried on in the premises in which immediately before the thirtieth day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, it was being carried on on behalf of the Secretary of State in pursuance of any of the provisions of Part II of the Licensing Act, 1921, or the Third Schedule to that Act.

7. The carrying on of such activities and the doing of such things (including, without prejudice to the generality of this paragraph, the purchase of the whole or any part of any business and the assets and liabilities thereof) incidental to any of the activities specified in section seventy-six of this Act and the preceding provisions of this Schedule as appear to the Secretary of State expedient

Part m

Supplemental provisions as to the exercise of functions of Secretary of State

8. Notwithstanding anything in the enactments relating to the sale and supply of intoxicating liquor, to the sale of tobacco and to entertainment and recreation, any of the activities specified in section seventy-six of this Act and the preceding provisions of this Schedule may be carried on by or on behalf of the Secretary of State, in premises occupied by him, without the need for any licence, and shall not be subject to any restrictions imposed by law on the carrying on of such activities:

Provided that any person engaged in any such activity on behalf of the Secretary of State shall be subject to any statutory provisions affecting the holders of licences, and the occupiers of premises licensed, for that activity in like manner as if he were the holder of the appropriate licence, and to any restrictions imposed by law on persons carrying on that activity.

9. —(1) Any instrument in connection with the acquisition, management or disposal of any land or other property in the exercise of the functions of the Secretary of State relating to the Carlisle district, being an instrument to which the Secretary of State is expressed to be a party, shall be deemed to be validly executed by him if it is executed on his behalf by an Under Secretary of State or any other person authorised in that behalf by the Secretary of State; and any such instrument purporting to have been executed as aforesaid on behalf of the Secretary of State shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been so executed on his behalf.

(2) The method provided by this paragraph for the execution of such an instrument as aforesaid shall be in addition to any other method available by law for the execution of such an instrument on behalf of the Secretary of State; and this paragraph shall not be construed as affecting die validity of any method by which other instruments may be executed on behalf of the Secretary of State.

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46

619

TENTH SCHEDULE Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

35 Geo.3. c. 113.

2 & 3 Vict. c.47.

2 & 3 Vict. c.93.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 89.

2 Edw. 7. c. 28.

10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5. c. 8.

10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5.C.24.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 42.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 28.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 90.

23 & 24 Geo. 5.

c. 12.

24 & 2S Geo. 5.

c. 26.

26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 51.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 23.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 47.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 15.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 53.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 35.

The Sale of Beer Act, 1795.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1839.

The County Police Act, 1839.

The Town Police Clauses Act, 1847.

The Licensing Act, 1902.

The Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910.

The Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910.

The Licensing Act, 1921.

The Intoxicating Liquor (Sale to Persons under Eighteen) Act, 1923.

The Rating and Valuation Act, 1925.

The Children and Young Persons Act, 1933.

The Licensing (Permitted Hours) Act, 1934.

The Housing Act, 1936.

The Finance Act, 1942.

The Finance Act, 1944.

The Town and Country Planning Act, 1944.

The Licensing Planning (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945.

The Licensing Planning (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1946.

The Finance Act, 1946.

The Finance Act, 1947.

The whole Act.

Section forty-five.

Section sixteen.

Section thirty-four.

Section seven.

Section eighty-seven.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

In section twenty, in subsection

(1) , the words from " and for the purpose of determining" to " 1910 " and the words " or the value of the premises is to be determined " and subsection (2).

Section six.

The whole Act.

Section forty-seven.

In section ten, in subsection (1), the words " this and ’’ and " and in the Sixth Schedule to this Act" and subsections

(2) to (6).

Part I of the Sixth Schedule. Sections eight and nine.

Section fifteen.

The whole Act.

The whole Act.

Section twelve.

The First Schedule.

Section seventy-three-

U* 2

Section 168.

620

Ch. 46

Licensing Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

10th Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

The Town and Country In section forty-four, subseo-Planning Act, 1947. tion (3).

So much of the Eighth Schedule as amends section fifteen of the Town and Country Plan* ning Act, 1944, and the Licensing Planning (Temporary Provisions) Acts, 1945 and 1946.

So much of the Eleventh

12, 13 & 14 The London County Geo.6. c.lv. Council (General Powers) Act, 1949.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 59.

The Licensing Act, 1949.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 84. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

The War Damaged Sites Act, 1949.

The Justices of the Peace Act, 1949.

The Customs and Excise Act, 1952.

Schedule as reprints section fifteen of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1944.

In section forty-five, in subsection (1), the words from "and for the purpose of determining ’* to " Act 1910 " and the words " or the value of the premises is to be determined* and paragraph (b) of the proviso.

The whole Act except subsection (1) of section four and sections twenty-six, twenty-seven, forty-two and forty-three.

In section forty-two, in subsection (1), the definitions of "Act of 1921*, "Act of 1945*, "canteen", "Loudon*, "mess" and "registered *’, and subsection (3).

Section fourteen.

Section twelve.

In section nineteen, subsection (13).

In section one hundred and fifty, paragraph of the proviso to subsection (1).

In section one hundred and fifty-one, in subsection (2), paragraph (a) and the proviso.

In section three hundred and

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 65.

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c.5.

seven, in subsection (1), in the definition of "justices* licence or certificate", the words " licence or * and the words from " a justices* licence" to "1910, or".

The Licensed Premises in The whole Act.

New Towns Act, 1952.

The Expiring Laws Con- In the Schedule, the entry tinuance Act, 1952. relating to the Licensing Plan-

ning (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945

1953

Licensing , 1953

Ch. 46, 47

621

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Licensing Act, 1842 5 & 6 Vict. c. 44.

Betting Act, 1853 16 & 17 Vict. c. 119.

Ordnance Board Transfer Act, 1855 18 & 19 Vict. c. 117.

Licensing Act, 1872 35 & 36 Vict. c. 94.

Licensing Act, 1874 37 & 38 Vict. c. 49.

Oxford University (Justices) Act, 1886 49 & 50 Vict. c. 31.

Local Government Act, 1888 51 & 52 Vict. c. 41.

Interpretation Act, 1889 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

Finance Act, 1894 57 & 58 Vict. c. 30.

Licensing Act, 1902 2 Edw. 7. c. 28.

Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914 4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 47.

Bankruptcy Act, 1914 Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compen- 4 & 5 Geo. 5. c. 59.

sation) Act, 1919 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

Licensing Act, 1921 11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 42.

Local Government Act, 1933 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51.

Housing Act, 1936 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8. c. 51.

Finance Act, 1942 5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21.

War Damage Act, 1943 Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 21.

Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

New Towns Act, 1946 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 68.

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51.

1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 33.

Licensing Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 59.

Representation of the People Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 68.

War Damaged Sites Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 84.

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101.

Customs and Excise Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 44.

Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 48.

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

CHAPTER 47

Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Section

1. Permanent enactment of provisions contained in certain Defence

Regulations.

2. Permanent enactment of provisions of Defence (Trading with the

Enemy) Regulations, 1940.

3. Extension of control of certain explosives.

622

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Section

4. British seamen’s cards.

5. Power of local authorities to continue to let certain land for use as

allotment gardens.

6. Exemption of certain women from Midwives Act, 1951.

7. Exemption from Part IV of Road Traffic Act, 1930, of vehicles carrying

farm-workers.

8. Suspension of s. 31 (1) of Road Traffic Act, 1934, and consequential

provisions.

9. Continuation and amendment of 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 25.

10. Power of certain officers to take affidavits. See.

11. Saving provision with respect to Regulation 55F of Defence (General)

Regulations, 1939.

12. Provisions as to orders.

13. Application to Northern Ireland.

14. Short title and repeal.

Schedules.

First Schedule—Provisions of certain Defence Regulations permanently enacted.

Second Schedule—Provisions of Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, permanently enacted.

Third Schedule—Repeals.

An Act to make permanent provision with respect to certain matters with respect to which temporary provision has hitherto been made by or under Defence Regulations; to suspend the operation of subsection (1) of section thirty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1934; to remove certain limitations on the exercise of the powers conferred on the court by virtue of the Settled Land and Trustee Acts (Court’s General Powers) Act, 1943; to empower certain persons subject to the Naval Discipline Act to take affidavits and declarations outside the United Kingdom; to save the previous operation of Regulation fifty-five F of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, after the revocation or expiry thereof; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Permanent

enactment of

provisions

contained in

certain

Defence

Regulations.

1. The provisions set out in the First Schedule to this Act, which reproduce provisions contained in the Defence Regulations revoked by the Third Schedule to this Act, with minor modifications and adaptations and the addition of transitional provisions, shall have permanent effect.

1953

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

623

2. The provisions set out in the Second Schedule to Permanent

this Act, which reproduce the provisions of the Defence enactment of (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, in force at the PJPyjj®11* of commencement of this Act, with minor modifications and (Trading with adaptations, the addition of transitional provisions and the the Enemy) omission of Regulation seven, shall have permanent effect, and Regulations, accordingly the said Regulations are hereby revoked. 194°-

3, —(1) The Secretary of State may by order impose, in addi- Extension of tion to those imposed in relation thereto by the Explosives Act, co^°l of 1875, such prohibitions or restrictions on the use of gunpowder ™iosives. and safety fuses and the transfer, whether for consideration or

not, of the possession thereof or property therein as appear to him to be necessary or expedient in the public interest; and any such order may prohibit the doing of anything restricted by the order except under the authority of a licence granted by such person as may be specified in the order.

(2) The Secretary of State may by order make provision for requiring that, subject to any exemptions for which provision may be made by the order, a person who enters into a prescribed transaction with respect to an explosive to which this subsection applies shall make and shall keep for the prescribed' period a record containing the prescribed particulars of the transaction and shall produce the record to such person and in such circumstances as may be prescribed.

This subsection applies to gunpowder, safety fuses and any explosive to which an Order in Council made under section forty* three of the Explosives Act, 1875, for the time being applies, and for the purposes of this subsection the expression " prescribed " means, in relation to an order, prescribed by the order.

(3) An order under this section may make provision for any incidental or supplementary matters for which the Secretary of State thinks it expedient for the purposes of the order to provide.

(4) A person who contravenes or fails to comply with any provision of an order under this section shall be liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both.

(5) On the coming into operation of the order first made under this section. Regulation two BA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 (which empowers the Secretary of State to impose (prohibitions and restrictions on the keeping and transfer of explosives and other substances) shall be revoked, but (without prejudice to the generality of subsection (3) of this section) that order may contain provision with respect to any matters for which it appears to the Secretary of State expedient to provide for the purposes of the transition to the provisions of that order from the provisions of any order under the said Regulation two BA which is in force immediately before the revocation thereof.

624

British

seamen's

cards.

Ch. 47 Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

4.—(1) The Minister of Transport may by order make provision—

(a) for the issue under the order, to persons who, not being

aliens within ithe meaning of the British Nationality Act, 1948, are employed or engaged, or ordinarily employed or engaged, on ships, of cards (in this section referred to as " British seamen’s cards ") in such form and containing such particulars with respect to the holders thereof and such other particulars (if any) as may be prescribed by the order, and for requiring such persons to apply for such cards;

(b) for the issue, subject to the payment of such fee as may

be prescribed by the order with the approval of the Treasury, of fresh British seamen’s cards in place of such cards which have been lost, destroyed or defaced;

(c) for requiring the holders of British seamen’s cards to

produce them to such persons and in such circumstances as may be prescribed by the order;

(d) for the surrender of British seamen’s cards in the event of the holders thereof dying and in such other circumstances as may be prescribed by the order, and for the issue, in such circumstances as may be so prescribed, of fresh British seamen’s cards in place of surrendered cards;

(e) for any incidental or supplementary matters for which the Minister of Transport thinks it expedient for the purposes of the order to provide;

and any provisions of an order having effect by virtue of paragraph (a) of this subsection may be so framed as to apply to all such persons as are mentioned in that paragraph or any class of such -persons and as to have effect subject to any exemptions for which provision may be made by the order.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection, the expression " ship " has the same meaning as in the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

(3) A person who contravenes or fails to comply with any provision of an order under this section shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4) Section one hundred and four of the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894 (which penalizes the forgery and fraudulent use of a certificate of competency) shall have effect as if references therein to such a certificate included references to a British seaman’s card.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Minister of Transport for the purposes of this section shall be defrayed out of moneys

1953

Emergency

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 47

625

provided by Parliament and any fees received tinder an order made under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom.

(6) Regulation forty-five A of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 (which empowers the Minister of Transport to provide by order for the issue of identity cards to seamen) and the entry in the Third Schedule to those Regulations relating to the said Regulation forty-five A are hereby revoked, but any order under that Regulation which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall, so far as it could have been made under this section, be deemed to have been so made.

5.—(1) Regulation sixty-two A of the Defence (General) Regu- Power of local lations, 1939 (which authorizes a local authority to let, to tenants for use as allotment gardens or to a society having as its object the cultivation of vacant land for the propose of subletting to land for use tenants for such use, land occupied by the authority, unoccupied as allotment land to the possession of which they are entitled and land gardens, forming part of a park or open space which is under their management or control) is hereby revoked; but, notwithstanding the revocation of that Regulation but subject to the following provisions of this section, a local authority may let—

(a) for use by the tenants as allotment gardens; or (h) to a society having as its object the cultivation of vacant land for the propose of subletting for such use,

any land which, at the commencement of this Act, is let by them under the said Regulation sixty-two A or is appropriated for letting thereunder, notwithstanding anything in any Act (including a private or local Act) or any trust or covenant or restriction affecting the land.

(2) The powers conferred by the foregoing subsection on a local authority shall cease to be exercisable with respect to any land upon its being returned to use as part of a park or open space or otherwise appropriated for use for any purpose other than the letting thereof as mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of the foregoing subsection or upon its being sold or otherwise disposed of by the authority.

(3) Section six of the Allotments Act, 1950 (which provides that the foregoing provisions of that Act, other than those of section two, shall not apply to land let by a local authority under the said Regulation sixty-two A) shall have effect as if the reference to that Regulation included a reference to this section.

(4) In this section—

(a) the expression 44 allotment garden " has the same meaning as in the Allotments Act, 1922; and

626

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Exemption of certain women from

Midwives Act, 1951.

(b) the expression " local authority " means the Common Council of the City of London, the council of a metropolitan borough or the council of a county, county borough or county district.

(5) A tenancy of land which, at the commencement of this Act, is subsisting under the said Regulation sixty-two A shall (subject, however, to the operation of any notice to quit, notice of intended re-entiy or agreement to surrender previously given or made) continue in force as if it had been granted under this section.

(6) In the application of this section to Scotland—

(a) for references to the Allotments Act, 1922, to the Allot-

ments Act, 1950, and to section six thereof there shall be respectively substituted references to the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922, to the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1950, and to section six thereof;

(b) the expression " local authority " means a county, town or district council.

6.—(1) Regulation thirty-three of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 (which empowers a local supervising authority within the meaning of the Midwives Act, 1951, by order to exempt from the provisions of that Act for such (period and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order any such women who surrendered their certificates under subsection (1) of section five of the Midwives Act, 1936, as may be named in the order), is hereby revoked, but any order under that Regulation which, at the commencement of this Act, is in force with respect to a woman shall have effect with respect to her by virtue of this section, and shall so have effect with the omission therefrom of the provisions thereof limiting the period for which exemption from the provisions of the said Act of 1951 is thereby conferred.

(2) It shall be a condition of the exemption conferred on a woman by an order having effect by virtue of this section that she shall comply with any rules for the time being in force under section four of the Midwives Act, 1951, regulating, supervising and restricting within due limits the practice of certified midwives.

(3) The authority who made an order having effect by virtue of this section may at any time revoke die order either in whole or so far as it relates to a particular woman.

(4) A woman named in an order having effect by virtue of this section shall, while the order is in force with respect to her. be deemed for the purposes of subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the National Health Service Act, 1946 (which imposes on a local health authority the duty of securing for its area an adequate midwifery and maternity nursing service) to be a certified midwife.

1953

Emergency

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

627

7. For the purposes of Part IV of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, as amended by any subsequent enactment, a vehicle when being used, at any time during the period of six months beginning with the first day of June in any year, for the purpose of carrying -persons engaged in agricultural work to or from that work, shall be deemed not to be a public service vehicle, notwithstanding that those persons are carried for hire or reward.

8. —(1) The operation of subsection (1) of section thirty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1934 (which provides that a person shall not drive a heavy goods vehicle on a road unless he is licensed for the purpose under that section or is licensed under Part IV of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, to drive all types of single-deck public service vehicles, and that a person shall not employ any person, who is not so licensed, to drive a heavy goods vehicle on a road), is hereby suspended until such day as the Minister of Transport may by order appoint (hereafter in this section referred to as " the appointed day ").

(2) On the first application for a licence made, on or after the day of the making of the order whose making is authorized by the foregoing subsection, by a person who satisfies the licensing authority that in the course of the year ending on that day he has been, during any period or periods of, or amounting in the aggregate to, six months, in the habit of driving a heavy goods vehicle, and on payment of the fee prescribed under die said section thirty-one, the licensing authority shall grant the licence, and the provisions of subsection (5) of that section (which empowers the licensing authority to require the applicant for a licence to satisfy him as to the applicant’s competence to drive by subjection to a test) shall not apply in relation to such an application.

(3) The said subsection (1) shall not have effect as respects the driving of a heavy goods vehicle of any class by a person who, at the beginning of the appointed day, is the holder of a licence granted under Part I of the Road Traffic Act, 1930, authorizing him to drive a heavy goods vehicle of that class or as respects the employment, to drive a heavy goods vehicle of any class, of a person who, at the beginning of the appointed day is die holder of such a licence authorizing him to drive a heavy goods vehicle of that class, so long as (in either case) the licence in question remains in force.

(4) With a view to spreading the work of granting licences, the licensing authority may, on an application for a licence made within the period of four years beginning with the day of the making of the order whose making is authorized by subsection (1) of this section, direct that any licence granted on the application (other than a licence issued as a provisional licence) shall, notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (7) of the

Exemption from Part IV of Road Traffic Act, 1930, of vehicles carrying farm-workers.

Suspension of s. 31 (1) of Road Traffic Act, 1934, and consequential provisions.

628

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Continuation and amendment of 6 & 7 Geo. 6.

c. 25.

Power of certain

officers to take affidavits, &c.

said section tihirty-one (which (provides that a licence shall, unless previously revoked, continue in force for three years), unless previously revoked, continue in force during such period, being a period of not less than one nor more than three years from the date on which the licence is expressed to take effect, as the licensing authority may at the time of the granting of the licence determine.

(5) Nothing in subsection (2) of this section shall be construed as prejudicing the operation of subsection (6) of the said section thirty-one (which entitles a person to the grant of a licence in the circumstances therein mentioned).

(6) For the purposes of this section the expression " licence " means (save where that expression is used in subsection (3) of this section) a licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle granted under section thirty-one of the Road Traffic Act, 1934, and the expressions " licensing authority " and " heavy goods vehicle " have the same meanings as they have for the purposes of that section.

9. —(1) The power of the court to make, by virtue of section one of the Settled Land and Trustee Acts (Court’s General Powers) Act, 1943, an order under section sixty-four of the Settled Land Act, 1925, or section fifty-seven of the Trustee Act, 1925, authorizing any expense of action taken or proposed in or for the management of settled land or of land held on trust for sale, as the case may be, to be treated as a capital outgoing, shall be exercisable without any limitation as to die time at which action is taken or proposed to be taken, and accordingly, subsection (6) of the said section one (which, as amended by subsection (2) of section nine of the Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946, prohibits the making of any such order in respect of action taken or proposed to be taken after the expiration of the said section nine) shall cease to have effect

(2) The said section one, as amended by the foregoing subsection, shall be further amended by the omission—

(a) in paragraphs (b) and (c) of subsection (2) thereof (which paragraphs specify diminution of income by reason of circumstances arising out of war conditions as one of the conditions requisite for the making of an order), of the words " by reason of circumstances arising out of war conditions " and the words " by reason of circumstances so arising "; and ib) in subsection (5), of the definition of "war conditions *.

10. —(1) An officer subject to the Naval Discipline Act who is of or above the rank of lieutenant-commander or equivalent rank or relative rank may, at any place outside the United Kingdom, take affidavits and declarations from any of the following persons, that is to say, persons subject to that Act and persons not so

1953

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

629

subject who are employed by or are in the service of the Admiralty or any of Her Majesty’s naval forces, or accompany any of such forces.

(2) A document purporting to have subscribed thereto the signature of any such officer as aforesaid in testimony of an affidavit or declaration being taken before him in pursuance of this section, and containing in the jurat or attestation a statement of the date on which and the place at which the affidavit or declaration was taken, and of the full name and rank of that officer, shall be admitted in evidence without proof of the signature being the signature of that officer or of the facts so stated.

(3) For the purposes of this section the relative ranks of officers shall be such as may be prescribed by the Queen’s Regulations and Admiralty Instructions for the time being in force.

11. The revocation or expiry of Regulation fifty-five F of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 (which contains safeguards for persons carrying on offensive trades closed under concentration arrangements) shall not affect the operation of that Regulation as respects a trade resumed before the revocation or expiry of that Regulation.

12. —(1) Any power conferred by this Act on the Secretary of State or the Minister of Transport to make an order shall be construed as including a power to revoke or vary the order by a subsequent order.

(2) Any power conferred by this Act on the Secretary of State or the Minister of Transport to make an order shall be exercisable by statutory instrument.

(3) A statutory instrument containing an order under section three, four or eight of this Act shall be subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament.

13. Sections three, five, six, seven, eight, nine and eleven of this Act and paragraphs 1 to 4, and 9, of the First Schedule thereto shall not extend to Northern Ireland and Part II of the Third Schedule to this Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland in so far as it relates to the Defence Regulations, or parts thereof, corresponding to the said paragraphs.

14. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the first and second columns of Part I of the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule, and the Defence Regulations mentioned in the first and second columns of Part II of that Schedule are hereby revoked to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule.

Saving

provision with respect to Regulation 55F of Defence (General) Regulations, 1939.

Provisions as to orders.

Application to Northern Ireland.

Short title and repeal.

630

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULES

Sections 1,13.

FIRST SCHEDULE

Provisions of certain Defence Regulations permanently

ENACTED

Amendments of ss. 9 and 18 of Road Traffic Act, 1930

1. Subsection (3) of section nine of the Road Traffic Act, 1930 (which prohibits persons under twenty-one years of age from driving certain heavy vehicles on roads), shall have effect as if. for the proviso thereto, the following proviso were substituted:—

" Provided that this subsection shall not apply to a tractor used primarily for work on land in connection with agriculture

2. —(1) Where a heavy motor car or motor car to which an unladen trader is attached is, in consequence of a breakdown, being drawn by another motor vehicle, the car and trailer shall, for the purposes of section eighteen of the Road Traffic Act. 1930. be treated as a single trailer.

(2) In this paragraph—

(a) the expression " attached " means, in relation to a trailer,

so attached that part of the trailer is superimposed on the drawing vehicle and that, when the trailer is uniformly loaded, not less than twenty per cent, of the weight of its load is borne by the drawing vehicle;

(b) the expressions " motor car " and " heavy motor car " have

the same meanings respectively as in the Road Traffic Act, 1930.

Extension of time for instituting proceedings under Separation and

Maintenance Acts

3. —(1) An application for an order under the Summary Jurisdiction (Separation and Maintenance) Acts, 1895 to 1949. being an application made by virtue of section eleven of the Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937, on the ground of the adultery of the applicant’s wife or husband, shall not be dismissed by reason only that it was not made within the six months allowed by section one hundred and four of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952, if the court is satisfied that the applicant—

(a) during the said six months or any part thereof was serving

outside the United Kingdom in Her Majesty’s forces or as the master or a member of the crew of a British ship or any other ship for the time being chartered on behalf of Her Majesty; and

(b) on the date of the application, had not been in the United

Kingdom for a continuous period of three months since the date of his first return to the United Kingdom after the expiration of the said six months or, if he was in the United Kingdom at the expiration of those six months, the date of his last return to the United Kingdom during those six months.

1953

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

631

(2) For the purposes of this paragraph—

(a) a certificate purporting to be signed by an officer designated

for the purpose by the Admiralty, Army Council or Air Council that the applicant during any period or periods was serving outside the United Kingdom in Her Majesty’s naval, military or air forces, as the case may be; and

(b) a certificate purporting to be signed by a person designated

for the purpose by the Minister of Transport that the applicant during any period or periods was serving outside the United Kingdom as the master or a member of the crew of a British ship or any other ship for the time being chartered on behalf of Her Majesty;

shall be evidence of the facts so certified, and that the applicant was not in the United Kingdom during any such period or periods.

Duty of Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries to withhold certificate under Rent Restrictions Acts in certain cases

4. Where the landlord of a dwelling-house applies to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries under paragraph (g) of the First Schedule to the Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933, as amended or extended by any subsequent enactment, for a certificate that a person for whose occupation the dwelling-house is required by the landlord is, or is to be, employed—

(a) on work necessary for the proper working of an agricultural holding; or

(b) as an estate workman on the maintenance and repair of the buildings, plant or equipment of agricultural holdings comprised in the estate; the Minister shall, notwithstanding that he is satisfied that the said person is, or is to be, so employed, withhold the certificate if he is also satisfied—

(i) that the tenant of the dwelling-house is employed by some

person other than the landlord on work necessary for the proper working of an agricultural holding; and

(ii) that the production of food will be better promoted by the occupation of the dwelling-house by the tenant than by its occupation by the person for whose occupation it is required by the landlord.

Amendment of s. 3 (3) of Import, Export and Customs Powers

(Defence) Act, 1939, and extension thereof as respects goods

found in Northern Ireland

5. —(1) In subsection (3) of section three of the Import, Export and Customs Powers (Defence) Act, 1939 (which subsection empowers an officer of Customs and Excise to require a person possessing or having control of goods imported, exported, carried coastwise or shipped as ships’ stores, or brought to any quay, or waterborne, for the purpose of being exported or of being so carried or shipped, to furnish proof that the importation, exportation or carriage coastwise of the goods or the shipment thereof as ships* stores is not unlawful by virtue either of an order under that Act or of the law relating

1st Sch. —cont.

632

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

1st Sch. to trading with the enemy), for the words " the goods shall be deemed —con/. to be prohibited goods unless the contrary is proved" there shall be substituted the words " then, unless the contrary is proved, the goods shall be deemed to be prohibited goods and shall be forfeited

(2) The said subsection (3), as amended by the foregoing sub-paragraph, shall have effect as if the power thereby conferred on an officer of Customs and Excise, in the case of goods brought to any quay or other place for the purpose of being exported, to require any person possessing or having control of the goods to furnish proof that the exportation of the goods is not unlawful as aforesaid, included power, in the case of any goods which—

(a) are found at any place in Northern Ireland; and

(b) the officer suspects to be intended for exportation;

to require any person possessing or having control of the goods to furnish proof either that the goods are not intended for exportation or that the exportation thereof is not unlawful as aforesaid.

(3) The power conferred on an officer of Customs and Excise by the said subsection (3), as amended by this paragraph, may be exercised by any person having by law the powers of such an officer in Northern Ireland, and the reference in head (b) of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph to an officer of Customs and Excise shall be construed accordingly.

Amendments of Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939

6.—(1) Where for the purpose of housing persons rendered homeless as a direct or indirect consequence of enemy action any authority or person, in the exercise of powers conferred by or under Regulation fifty-one of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, takes possession after the commencement of this Act, or has taken possession before the commencement of this Act, of a dwelling-house held on a tenancy from week to week, then if—

(a) the dwelling-house was not actually dwelt in during the period of twenty-one days immediately before the day on which possession of the dwelling-house is or was so taken, and any sums which have accrued due by way of rent before that day remain unpaid; and

(h) before so taking possession of the dwelling-house the said authority or person has served upon the lessee a notice complying with the provisions of sub-paragraph (3) of this paragraph;

any sum which would, in accordance with the provisions of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, have been payable to the lessee by way of compensation in respect of the taking possession of the dwelling-house shall, instead of being paid to the lessee, be paid to the lessor.

(2) Any sum so paid shall by virtue of this paragraph be appropriated in or towards satisfaction of any liability of the lessee for rent in respect of the period in respect of which the sum is so paid.

1953

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

633

so, however, that if the sum so paid in respect of any period during which the tenancy subsists excekls the amount due from the lessee by way of rent in respect of that period, the lessor shall pay to the lessee a sum equal to the excess free from any deduction by way of set-off in respect of any other debt

(3) A notice served for the purposes of this paragraph shall state that if, after the service thereof, possession of the dwelling-house is taken by the authority or person specified in the notice, any compensation payable under the Compensation (Defence) Act 1939, in respect of the possession thereof during any period during which the tenancy subsists will be paid to the lessor, who will be under a duty to pay over to the lessee the amount, if any, by which the compensation paid in respect of any period exceeds the rent accruing due from the lessee during that period.

(4) A notice to be served on any person for the purposes of this paragraph may be served by sending it by post in a letter addressed to that person at his last or usual place of abode or place of business.

(5) In this paragraph the expression " tenancy " includes an underlease, and the expressions " lessor " and " lessee " shall be construed accordingly.

(6) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland the expression *' underlease " means sub-lease.

7.—(1) Where the person to whom compensation is payable under paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section two of the Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939, in respect of any land of which possession has been taken in the exercise of powers conferred by or under Regulation fifty-one of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, holds the land on a lease, the lessor may make an application to the authority or person by whom possession was so taken, and if—

(a) the said authority or person is satisfied that the lessee is

wholly exempt, by virtue of any provision of the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Acts, 1939 and 1941, from liability to pay rent; or

(b) the said authority or person does not know the address of

the lessee or of any person authorized to act on his behalf and for that reason cannot pay the compensation aforesaid, and is satisfied that rent has been due from the lessee throughout the period of six months immediately preceding the application and that no payment of rent has been made by him during that period;

die said authority or person may serve on the lessor a notice stating that the said compensation, whether due before or after the date of the notice, will be paid to the lessor instead of to the lessee, and the said compensation shall be paid accordingly.

(2) Any notice served by an authority or person under this paragraph may be revoked by a subsequent notice so served, but without prejudice to any payment previously made in accordance with the revoked notice.

1st Sch. —cont.

634 Ch. 47 Emergency 1 & 2 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

1st Sch. (3) For the purposes of section eleven of the Compensation —corn. (Defence) Act, 1939, any compensation payable to the lessor by virtue of a notice served under sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph in respect of any period before the date of that notice shall be deemed to accrue due on that date.

(4) Where any notice is served on a lessor under this paragraph, he shall take all reasonable steps to communicate its contents to the lessee, and any sum paid to the lessor by virtue of any such notice in respect of any period shall be appropriated in or towards satisfaction of the liability (if any) of the lessee for rent in respect of that period and, if the sum so paid in respect of any period exceeds the rent payable by the lessee in respect of that period (apart from any exemption under the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Acts, 1939 and 1941), a sum equal to the excess and free from any deduction by way of set-off in respect of any other debt shall be recoverable from the lessor by the lessee.

(5) Where any such compensation as aforesaid is paid in respect of any period to a lessee who, by virtue of any provision of the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Acts, 1939 and 1941, is wholly or partly exempt from his liability for rent in respect of that period, the whole of that compensation shall, in a case where the lessee is wholly relieved of the said liability, be recoverable from him by the lessor and, in a case where the lessee is partly relieved of the said liability, the amount, if any, by which the compensation exceeds the amount of rent which he is liable to pay shall be so recoverable :

Provided that, if the amount of the compensation payable in respect of the said period exceeds the sum which the lessee would, but for the exemption aforesaid, be liable to pay for rent in respect of that period, the lessee may retain (in addition to the sum, if any. which he is entitled to retain by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph) the amount of the excess.

(6) Nothing in this paragraph shall apply to any compensation accruing due before the seventeenth day of September, nineteeo hundred and forty-two.

(7) A notice to be served on any person for the purposes of this paragraph may be served by sending it by post in a letter addressed to that person at his last or usual place of abode or place of business.

(8) In this paragraph the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say—

" lease " means a lease, underlease or other tenancy, assignment operating as a lease or underlease, or an agreement for such lease, underlease, tenancy or assignment;

" lessor ", in relation to a lease, means the person who under the lease is as between himself and the lessee for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the demised premises payable under the lease and, in a case where the reversion immediately expectant on the lease is mortgaged and the mortgagee is in possession thereof or has appointed a receiver of the rents and profits thereof, means that mortgagee.

1953

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

635

(9) In the application of this paragraph to Scotland—

(a) for any reference to the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage)

Acts, 1939 and 1941, there shall be substituted a reference to the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1939, and the War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1941;

(b) the expression " underlease " means sub-lease; and

(c) sub-paragraph (8) shall have effect as if the definition of

" lessor " were omitted.

(10) In the application of this paragraph to Northern Ireland, for any reference to the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Acts, 1939 and 1941, there shall be substituted a reference to the Landlord and Tenant (War Damage) Act (Northern Ireland), 1941.

(11) Any notice served under Regulation seventy-nine CA of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and be deemed to have been served under this paragraph.

Extension of power of Minister of Supply to make byelaws under Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1903

8. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the power of the Minister of Supply to make byelaws under the Military Lands Acts, 1892 to 1903, shall be exercisable in relation to any land vested in another person which the Minister has for the time being the right of using for any purpose of the Ministry of Supply as if the land were vested in the Minister and appropriated for that purpose:

Provided that nothing in any byelaws made by virtue of this sub-paragraph shall injuriously affect the private rights of any person further or otherwise than is authorized by the grant of the right to use the land.

(2) Nothing in this paragraph shall apply to land which the Minister has for the time being the right of using by virtue of an order made under Regulation fifty-two of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939, or in consequence of possession of the land having been taken under Part IV of those Regulations.

(3) Any byelaws made by the Minister of Supply by virtue of paragraph (4) of the said Regulation fifty-two which are in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if they had been made by virtue of this paragraph.

Destruction of valueless documents

9. Where, under section one of the Public Record Office Act, 1877, a Schedule has been prepared of classes of documents which it is proposed to destroy on die expiration of a specified period as not being of sufficient public value to justify their preservation in the Public Record Office and the Schedule has, in accordance with the said section one, been submitted to both Houses of Parliament for not less than four weeks, any document of a class specified in the Schedule may, after consultation with the Inspecting Officers of the Public Record Office, be destroyed before the expiration of the period specified in the Schedule in relation to documents of that class.

1st Sch.

—0071/.

636

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Section 2.

SECOND SCHEDULE

Provisions of Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations.

1940, PERMANENTLY ENACTED

1. In this Schedule "the principal Act’* means the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939.

2. —(1) In subsection (1) of section one of the principal Act after the words " any person who trades with " there shall be inserted die words " or attempts to trade with ", and after paragraph (b) at subsection (2) of that section there shall be inserted the words "and any reference in this Act to an attempt to trade with the enemy shall be construed accordingly

(2) In paragraph (ii) of the proviso to subsection (2) of the said section one for the words "had been performed before the commencement of the war by reason of which the person from whom the payment was received became an enemy" there shall be substituted the words " had already been performed when the payment was received, and had been performed at a time when the person from whom the payment was received was not an enemy

(3) Proceedings in respect of an offence of trading with the enemy alleged to have been committed by any person may be taken before the appropriate court in the United Kingdom having jurisdiction in the place where that person is for the time being.

(4) The following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (3) of section one of the principal Act:—

" (3a) In any proceedings for an offence of trading with the enemy, the fact that any document has been despatched addressed to a person in enemy territory shall, unless the contrary is proved, be evidence, as against any person who was a party to the despatch of the document, that the person to whom the document was despatched was an enemy."

3. Subsection (1) of section two of the principal Act shah be amended as follows:—

(a) at the end of paragraph (c) the word "or " shall be omitted

and after paragraph () there shall be inserted the following words—

" and

(e) as respects any business carried on in enemy territory, any individual or body of persons (whether corporate or unincorporate) carrying on that business: ";

(b) for the words " does not include any person by reason only that he is an enemy subject " there shall be substituted the words "does not include any individual by reason only that he is an enemy subject "

1953

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

Ch. 47

637

4. After section three of the principal Act there shall be inserted the following section:—

"Power to 3a.—(1) Where any business is being carried on in

control and the United Kingdom by, or on behalf of, or under the !|I2ri|jp direction of, persons all or any of whom are enemies or businesses enemy subjects or appear to the Board of Trade to be associated with enemies, the Board of Trade may, if they think it expedient so to do. make—

(a) an order (hereafter in this section referred to as a ‘ restriction order *) prohibiting the carrying on the business either absolutely or except for such purposes and subject to such conditions as may be specified in the order; or (h) an order (hereafter in this section referred to as a 4winding up order*) requiring the business to be wound up,

and the making of a restriction order as respects any business shall not prejudice the power of the Board, if they think it expedient so to do, at any subsequent date to make a winding up order as respects that business.

(2) Where an order under subsection (1) of this section is made as respects any business, the Board of Trade may, by that or a subsequent order, appoint a controller to control and supervise the carrying out of the order, and, in the case of a winding up order, to conduct the winding up of the business, and may confer on the controller any such powers in relation to the business as are exercisable by a liquidator in the voluntary winding up of a company in relation to the company (including power in the name of the person carrying on the business or in his own name, and by deed or otherwise, to convey or transfer any property, and power to apply to the court to determine any question arising in the carrying out of the order), and may by the order confer on the controller such other powers as the Board think necessary or convenient for the purpose of giving full effect to the order.

(3) Where a restriction order or a winding up order is made as respects any business, the distribution of any assets of the business which are distributed while the order is in force shall be subject to the same rules as to preferential payments as are applicable to the distribution of the assets of a company which is being wound up, and the said assets of the business shall, so far as they are available for discharging unsecured debts, be applied in discharging unsecured debts due to creditors of the business who are not enemies in priority to unsecured debts due to any other creditors, and any balance, after providing for the discharge of all liabilities of the business, shall be distributed among the persons interested in the business in such manner as the Board of Trade may direct: Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall, in their application to the distribution of any money or other property which would, in accordance with those

2nd Sch. —cont.

638

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

2nd Sch. coni.

provisions, fall to be paid or transferred to an enemy, whether as a creditor or otherwise, have effect subject Id the provisions of section seven of this Act (which relates to the collection of enemy debts and the custody of enemy property) and of any order made under that section.

(4) Where any business for which a controller has been appointed under this section has assets in enemy territory, the controller shall, if in his opinion it is practicable so to do, cause an estimate to be prepared—

(i a) of the value of those assets;

(6) of the amount of any liabilities of the business to creditors, whether secured or unsecured, who are enemies;

(c) of the amount of the claims of persons who are enemies to participate, otherwise than as creditors of the business, in any distribution of assets of the business made while an order under subsection (1) of this section is in force as respects the business;

and, where such an estimate is made, the said liabilities and claims shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to have been satisfied out of the said assets of the business in enemy territory, or to have been satisfied thereout so far as those assets will go, and only the balance (if any) shall rank for satisfaction out of the other assets of the business.

(5) Where an estimate has been prepared under the last preceding subsection, a certificate of the controller as to the value or amount of any assets, claims or liabilities to which the estimate relates shall be conclusive for the purpose of determining the amount of the assets of the business available for discharging the other liabilities of the business and for distribution amongst other persons claiming to be interested in the business:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the rights of creditors of, and other persons interested in, the business against the assets of the business in enemy territory.

(6) The Board of Trade may, on an application made by a controller appointed under this section, after considering the application and any objections which may be made by any person who appears to them to be interested, by order grant the controller a release, and an order of the Board under this subsection shall discharge the controller from all liability in respect of any act done or default made by him in the exercise and performance of his powers and duties as controller; but any such order may be revoked by the Board on proof that it was obtained by fraud or by suppression or concealment of any material fact

(7) If any person contravenes, or fails to comply with, the provisions of any order made under subsection (1)

1953

Emergency Laws

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

639

of this section, he shall be guilty of an offence of trading with the enemy.

(8) Where an order under subsection (1) of this section has been made as respects a business carried on by any individuals or by a company, no bankruptcy petition, or petition for sequestration or summary sequestration against the individuals, or petition for the winding up of the company, shall be presented, or resolution for the winding up of the company passed, or steps for the enforcement of the rights of any creditors of the individuals or company taken, without the consent of the Board of Trade, but where the business is carried on by a company the Board of Trade may present a petition for the winding up of the company by the court, and the making of an order under this section shall be a ground on which the company may be wound up by the court.

(9) Where an order is made under this section appointing a controller for any business, any remuneration of, and any costs, charges and expenses incurred by, the controller, and any other costs, charges and expenses incurred in connection with the control and supervision of the carrying out of the order, shall, to such amount as may be certified by the Board of Trade, be defrayed out of the assets of the business, and as from the date of the certificate, be charged on those assets in priority to any other charges thereon

5. In the proviso to subsection (3) of section four of the principal Act for the words " a court of a State at war with His Majesty " there shall be substituted the words "a court having jurisdiction in enemy territory

6. —(1) The rights, powers, duties and liabilities which may be conferred and imposed by the Board of Trade on custodians of enemy property under subsection (1) of section seven of the principal Act shall, where it appears to the Board that it is expedient that any business should be carried on or continue to be carried on in or from the United Kingdom, include such rights, powers, duties and liabilities as respects the property and money mentioned in paragraph () of the said subsection (1) as, in the opinion of the Board, are necessary or expedient in order to enable that business so to be carried on.

(2) The power of the Board of Trade under the said subsection (1) shall include power, where a custodian dies or for any other reason ceases to hold office as such, by order to vest in his successor any property or right which was vested in the first mentioned custodian at the time of his dying or ceasing to hold office.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the said section seven, a custodian shall, if the Treasury so directs, pay or transfer, to such persons as may be specified in the direction—

(a) any money so specified which has been paid to the custodian as being money which, but for the existence of a state of war, would have been payable to or for the benefit of—

(i) an individual resident in any enemy territory which is not under the sovereignty of a Power with whom Her

2nd Sea.

--COtttm

640

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

2nd Sch. —con/.

Majesty is at war, or in any area in relation to which the provisions of the principal Act apply as they apply in relation to enemy territory,

(ii) an individual or body of persons (whether cor* porate or unincorporate) carrying on business in any such territory or area, or

(iii) any body of persons (whether corporate or unin-corporate) carrying on business in any place, and controlled by any such individual or body of persons as is mentioned in subhead (i) or subhead (ii) of this head;

(b) any property so specified, being property which, or the right of transfer of which, has been vested in the custodian as being property belonging to, or held or managed on behalf of, any such individual or body of persons as is mentioned in subhead (i), subhead (ii) or subhead (iii) of head (a) of this sub-paragraph.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the said section seven, a custodian shall, if the Treasury so directs, pay or transfer to such person as may be specified in the direction, being a person who appears to the Treasury to exercise, in any of Her Majesty’s dominions, in any other territory to which Her Majesty has power to extend the provisions of the principal Act, or in any territory of a Power allied with Her Majesty or of any other Power for the time being at war with any Power with whom Her Majesty is for the time being at war, the functions of a custodian of enemy property—

(a) any moneys so specified which have been paid to the custodian on grounds other than those specified in head (a) of the last foregoing sub-paragraph;

(b) any property so specified, being property which, or the right

of transfer of which, has been vested in the custodian oo any grounds other than those specified in head (b) of the said sub-paragraph.

(5) An order made under the said section seven may empower a custodian, acting under a general or special direction given by the Treasury or by the Board of Trade with the sanction of the Treasury, to reduce or remit any of the fees required to be paid to him under any such order.

(6) The Board of Trade may, if in their opinion it is expedient in the national interest so to do, direct—

(a) that a custodian in exercising any power conferred on him

to sell any shares in, or stock or other securities of, any body corporate may sell the shares, stock or securities to a person notwithstanding that he has not made the highest offer therefor; and

(b) that a custodian in exercising any such powers as aforesaid shall sell any such shares, stock or securities as aforesaid to a person specified in the direction or to a person who is one of a class of persons so specified, without seeking any other offers for the shares, stock or securities,

and, notwithstanding anything in the said section seven, the sale shall be effected accordingly.

1953

Emergency

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Ch. 47

641

(7) A custodian in exercising any power conferred on him to transfer or to sell any shares int or stock or other securities of, a body corporate which, or the right to transfer which, have been vested in him shall not be bound by any provision in any article of association, byelaw or other rule governing the body corporate which restricts the right to transfer shares, stock or other securities or imposes any conditions as to the price at which, or the persons to whom, shares, stock or other securities are to be offered or sold, and where a custodian in exercise of that power executes a transfer (including a transfer by way of sale) of shares, stock or other securities, the body corporate shall, upon the receipt of the transfer, do all things necessary to give effect thereto notwithstanding any such provision as aforesaid and notwithstanding that the custodian is not in possession of the certificate, scrip or other document of title relating to the shares, stock or securities.

7.—(1) Where under the principal Act the right to transfer any securities registered or inscribed in a register, branch register or other book kept in the United Kingdom has been vested in a custodian of enemy property on the grounds that the securities belonged to, or were held or managed on behalf of,—

(a) an individual resident in any enemy territory which is not under the sovereignty of a Power with whom Her Majesty is at war, or in any area in relation to which the provisions of the principal Act apply as they apply in relation to enemy territory,

(b) an individual or body of persons (whether corporate or unincorporate) carrying on business in any such territory or area, or

(c) any body of persons (whether corporate or unincorporate) carrying on business in any place and controlled by any such individual or body of persons as is mentioned in head (a) or (b) of this sub-paragraph,

and the right to transfer the securities has been exercised so as to vest the securities in the custodian or any person acting under his directions, the Board of Trade may by order direct that this paragraph shall apply to the securities.

(2) The Board of Trade shall forthwith give notice of the making of an order under the last foregoing sub-paragraph to the company or other body in whose book the securities in question are registered or inscribed, and thereupon—

(a) the securities shall by virtue of this paragraph and without more vest in the person who would have been entitled thereto but for the vesting in the custodian of the right to transfer the securities;

(h) the said company or other body shall cause the securities to be registered or inscribed in the name of the person in whose name they were registered or inscribed immediately before the exercise by the custodian of his right to transfer die securities;

(c) notwithstanding anything in head (b) of this sub-paragraph, where the person mentioned therein is not the same as the person in whom the securities are vested by virtue of this

X

2nd Sch. —cont.

642

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 E 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

2nd Sch. paragraph, and before the securities have been registered or

—con/. inscribed in pursuance of head (b) of this sub-paragraph the

person in whom they are so vested has submitted to the said company or body proof to their satisfaction of his title thereto, the company or body may cause the securities to be registered or inscribed in his name.

(3) The vesting, registration or inscription of any securities in pursuance of this paragraph shall be without prejudice to any lien or charge to which they were subject immediately before the time at which the order in question was revoked, and shall not affect anything done before that time.

(4) In this paragraph the expression " securities " means annuities, stock, shares, bonds, debentures or debenture stock.

8. After subsection (1) of section fifteen of the principal Act there shall be inserted the following subsection: —

" (1a) The Board of Trade may by order direct that the provisions of this Act shall apply in relation to any area specified in the order as they apply in relation to enemy territory, and the said provisions shall apply accordingly."

9. —(1) Where after the commencement of this Act any area ceases to be enemy territory as defined in the principal Act (whether by reason of the occupation thereof by Her Majesty or a Power allied with Her Majesty or by reason of its no longer being in the occupation of a Power with whom Her Majesty is at war, or for any other reason) that area shall, for the purposes of sections three A, four, five and seven of the principal Act (which relate to the control and winding up of businesses, negotiable instruments and choses in action, the transfer and allotment of securities, and the collection of enemy debts and custody and release of enemy property) and, save as expressly provided by any such order, for the purposes of any order made under the said section seven, be treated as if, until such time as the Board of Trade may by order specify, there had been no such cessation.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall apply in relation to any area which ceased to be enemy territory, as defined in the principal Act, on or after the twenty-second day of July, nineteen hundred and forty-three, but before the commencement of this Act (other than an area which, on the twenty-eighth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-four, was an area under the sovereignty of a Power with whom His late Majesty was then at war) as they apply to any area ceasing to be enemy territory, as so defined, after the commencement of this Act.

(3) Where under subsection (1a) of section fifteen of the principal Act (which empowers the Board of Trade by order to direct that the principal Act shall apply in relation to any area specified in the order as it applies in relation to enemy territory) an order has been made applying to any area and that order is, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, revoked or varied so that it no longer applies to that area, the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply in relation to that area

1953 Emergency Laws Ch. 47

(Miscellaneous Provis , 1953

as if, on the revocation, or, as the case may be, the variation, of the order, the area had ceased to be enemy territory as defined in the principal Act

10.—(1) Any order or direction made or given under any provision of Regulations four, four A and six of the Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if it had been made or given under the corresponding provision of this Schedule, and any order made, estimate prepared, certificate issued or petition presented by virtue of Regulation three A of the said Regulations which is in force at the commencement of this Act shall continue in force and have effect as if it had been made, prepared, issued or presented by virtue of paragraph 4 of this Schedule.

(2) Any document referring to the Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, or any provision thereof shall be construed as referring to this Schedule or the corresponding provision, if any, of this Schedule.

THIRD SCHEDULE Repeals Part I Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

6 & 7 Geo. 6. The Settled Land and Trustee Acts In section one, in sub-

c. 25. (Court's General Powers) Act, 1943. section (2), in paragraph (6), the words " by reason of circumstances arising out of war conditions " and, in paragraph (c), the words "by reason of circumstances so arising in subsection (5), the definition of "war con-tions", and subsection (6).

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946. Section nine.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Emergency Laws (Miscellane- In section five, in sub-

c. 10. ous Provisions) Act, 1947. section (2), paragraph (c).

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 53. The Midwives Act, 1951 In section thirty-four, subsection (4).

643

2nd Sch. —cont.

Sections 1, 13,

14.

644

Ch. 47

Emergency Laws 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(Miscellaneous Provisions) , 1953

Part II

Defence Regulations Revoked

Year and Number Short Title Extent of Revocation

.R.AO. 1939, The Defence (General) Regulations, Paragraph (4) of

No. 927. 1939. Regulation 52.

.R.& 0.1939, The Defence (Agriculture and Fish- Regulation 60M. Regulation 68AB. Regulation 70A. Paragraph (IQ of Regulation 72. Regulation 76A. Regulation 79CA* Regulation 28A.

No. 1303. .R.AO. 1940, eries) Regulations, 1939. The Defence (Administration of The whole of the

No. 1028. Justice) Regulations, 1940. Regulations.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Explosives Act, 1875

Public Record Office Act, 1877

Merchant Shipping Act, 1894

Allotments Act, 1922

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922

Settled Land Act, 1925

Trustee Act, 1925

Road Traffic Act, 1930

Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amend

ment) Act, 1933

Road Traffic Act, 1934

Midwives Act, 1936

38 & 39 Vict. c. 17.

40 & 41 Vict. c. 55.

57 & 58 Vict. c. 60.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 51. 12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 52. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 18. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 19. 20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 43.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 32.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 50. 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 8.

c. 40.

Matrimonial Causes Act, 1937

1 Edw. 8. & 1 Geo. 6. c. 57.

Import, Export and Customs Powers (Defence)

Act, 1939

Compensation (Defence) Act, 1939

War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1939

Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939

War Damage to Land (Scotland) Act, 1941 Settled Land and Trustee Acts (Court’s General

Powers) Act, 1943

Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act,

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 69. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 75. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 80. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 89. 4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 40.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 25.

1945

National Health Service Act, 1946 British Nationality Act, 1948

Allotments Act, 1950

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1950 ...

Midwives Act, 1951

Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952 ...

... 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 26.

... 9 A 10 Geo. 6, c. 81.

... 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 56.

... 14 Geo. 6. c. 31.

... 14 Geo. 6. c. 38.

... 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 53.

... 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

1953

Merchandise Marks , 1953

Ch. 48

645

CHAPTER 48

An Act to amend the provisions of the Merchandise Marks Acts, 1887 to 1938, relating to false trade descriptions, and to imported goods bearing the trade mark of a manufacturer, dealer or trader in the United Kingdom, and to amend the Merchandise Marks Act,

1887, in relation to offences.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In section three of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887 Extension of (which, among other things, defines " trade description " as any definitions of description, statement, or other indication, direct or indirect, as dJ^kJtion »» to any of the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the arui "false definition), that definition shall be amended by inserting after trade paragraph (a)— description

" (aa) as to the standard of quality of any goods, according to a classification commonly used or recognised in the trade, or

(ab) as to the fitness for purpose, strength, performance or behaviour of any goods, or ".

(2) In the said section three (which also defines " false trade description" to mean a trade description which is false in a material respect as regards the goods to which it is applied, and to include every alteration of a trade description making the description false in a material respect) that definition shall be amended by inserting after the word "false " in the second and third places where it occurs the words " or misleading ".

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of those definitions as so amended, a trade description (to whichever of the matters mentioned in the definition of" trade description " as so amended it relates) shall be deemed for the purposes of the said Act to be a false trade description if it is calculated to be misunderstood as, or mistaken for, an indication as to the same or some other such matter which would be false or misleading in a material respect as regards the goods to which the description is applied, and anything calculated to be misunderstood as, or mistaken for, an indication of any of those matters shall be deemed for those purposes to be a trade description.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the said definition of " false trade description", no trade mark within the meaning of the Trade Marks Act, 1938, or part of such a trade mark, shall by

646

Ch. 48

Merchandise Marks Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

virtue of the foregoing subsections be treated as a false trade description in relation to any goods to which the trade mark is applied, if the following conditions are satisfied, that is to say:—

(a) on the day this Act is passed the trade mark either is registered under the Trade Marks Act, 1938, or is in use to indicate a connection in the course of trade between those goods and the proprietor of the trade mark; and

(b) the trade mark as applied is used to indicate a connection

in the course of trade between the goods and the person who is the proprietor of the trade mark or between the goods and a person who is registered under section twenty-eight of the Trade Marks Act, 1938, as a registered user of the trade mark; and

(c) the person who is the proprietor of the trade mark is the

same person as, or a successor in title of, the proprietor on the day this Act is passed.

(5) This section shall not extend the classes of goods which under section sixteen of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887, are prohibited to be imported into the United Kingdom and Isle of Man as having a false trade description applied to them.

(6) This section shall come into force on the expiration of the six months beginning with the day this Act is passed.

Exception for 2.—(1) Section two of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887, so

far as it relates to false trade descriptions, shall not apply—

descriptions of (fl) to any description applied in pursuance of the Seeds Act, agricultural 1920, to seeds to which that Act applies or to seed

produce, etc. potatoes; or

(b) to any description applied in pursuance of the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1926, to any article included in the first column of the First Schedule to that Act.

(2) A person authorised to mark articles with a grade designation mark specified for the purposes of this subsection by order of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries or Secretary of State shall not be guilty of any offence under subsection (1) or (2) of section two of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887, because the mark as applied to any articles is a false trade description, if the articles are or were marked with the mark by him in accordance with the authority given him.

(3) In subsection (2) of this section the expression " grade designation mark " means a grade designation mark within the meaning of the Agricultural Produce (Grading and Marking) Acts, 1928 and 1931, and a grade designation mark within the meaning of the Marketing of Fruit Act (Northern Ireland), 1931, or any like mark of quality for the application and protection of

1953

Merchandise Marks , 1953

Ch. 48 *

647

which provision is made by or under any enactment of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for the time being in force, and the expression " authorised " means authorised by or under the enactments relating to the application and protection of the mark.

(4) The power to make orders for the purposes of subsection

(2) of this section shall include power to vary or revoke any order so made, and shall be exercisable by statutory instrument, which shall be subject to annulment by resolution of either House of Parliament.

3.—(1) The following enactments (which are designed to secure Imported that United Kingdom trade marks on certain foreign goods are 8°?^ bearing accompanied by an indication of the origin of the goods, and otherwise to prevent fraud in the use of such marks on imported goods), that is to say—

(a) paragraph (1) of section sixteen of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887;

(b) subsection (1) of section one of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1911; and

(c) (subject to the following subsection) subsection (1) of section one of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1926;

shall apply to a mark being, or purporting to be, a certification trade mark registered or deemed to be registered under section thirty-seven of the Trade Marks Act, 1938, in the name, as proprietor thereof, of a person in the United Kingdom, as they apply to the trade mark of a manufacturer, dealer or trader in the United Kingdom.

(2) Section one of the said Act of 1926 shall not have effect in respect of the application of a certification trade mark to articles used or to be used for any of the following purposes, that is to say, as coverings, labels, reels or otherwise as articles in or with which goods manufactured or produced in the United Kingdom are or are to be sold or exposed for sale, if the mark relates or is to relate to those goods, and was so applied by or with the consent of the proprietor of the mark or by another in accordance with his authorisation under the regulations relating to the mark.

4. Section two of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887, shall Clarification be amended by the deletion of subsection (2) thereof and the°Js* J(2) of insertion of the following subsection:—

" (2) Every person who sells, or exposes for, or has in his 1887. possession for, sale, or any purpose of trade or manufacture, any goods or things to which any forged trade mark or false trade description is applied, or to which any trade mark or mark so nearly resembling a trade mark as to be calculated

le

648

Ch. 48

Merchandise Marks Act, 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Increase of penalties.

Short title, citation, repeal and extent.

to deceive is falsely applied, as the case may be, shall, unless he proves either—

(a) that, having taken all reasonable precautions against committing an offence against this Act, he had, at the time of the commission of the alleged offence, no reason to suspect the genuineness of the trade mark, mark or trade description, and that, on demand made by or on behalf of the prosecutor, be gave all the information in his power with respect to the persons from whom he obtained such goods or things; or

(b) that otherwise he had acted innocently; be guilty of an offence against this Act

5. The maximum fine to which a person is liable under paragraph (ii) of subsection (3) of section two of the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887 (which relates to summary convictions for offences under that Act), shall be one hundred pounds or, in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, two hundred and fifty pounds (instead of twenty pounds or fifty pounds).

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Merchandise Marks Act, 1953, and this Act and the Merchandise Marks Acts, 1887 to 1938, may be cited together as the Merchandise Marks Acts, 1887 to 1953.

(2) Section ten of the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1926, is hereby repealed except as respects descriptions applied before the day this Act is passed.

(3) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title Session and Chapter

Merchandise Marks Act, 1887 Merchandise Marks Act, 1911 Seeds Act, 1920 Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1926 Merchandise Marks Act, 1926 Trade Marks Act, 1938 50 & 51 Vict. c. 28. 1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 31. 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 54. 16 & 17 Geo 5. c. 45. 16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 53. 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 22.

1953

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

Ch. 49

649

CHAPTER 49

Historic Buildings and Ancient Monuments , 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

Preservation of Historic Buildings and contents thereof Section

1. Historic Buildings Council for England.

2. Historic Buildings Council for Scotland.

3. Historic Buildings Council for Wales.

4. Grants for preservation of historic buildings, their contents and

adjoining land.

5. Acquisition by the Minister of historic buildings, their contents and

adjoining land.

6. Grants to local authorities and National Trusts for acquisition of

historic buildings.

7. Payment out of National Land Fund.

8. Power of Minister to accept endowments of historic buildings.

9. Interpretation of Part I.

Part II

Amended Procedure for Protection of Ancient Monuments

10. Interim preservation notices.

11. Preservation orders.

12. Effect of, and compensation for, interim preservation notices and

preservation orders, and provisions as to guardianship orders.

13. Supplementary and transitional provisions.

Part HI

Further Provisions relating to Ancient Monuments

14. Injury to ancient monuments by their owners.

15. Prosecution of offences under Ancient Monuments Acts.

16. Constitution of Ancient Monuments Boards.

17. Annual reports of Ancient Monuments Boards.

18. Amendment of s. 9 of Ancient Monuments Act, 1931.

19. Amendment of s. 11 of Ancient Monuments Act, 1931.

Part IV Miscellaneous and General

20. Minor amendments regarding compulsory purchase of land by Minister.

21. Administrative expenses of Minister.

22. Short title, construction and extent.

Schedule—Procedure for making Preservation Orders.

X*

650

Ch. 49

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Historic Buildings Council for England.

An Act to provide for the preservation and acquisition of buildings of outstanding historic or architectural interest and their contents and related property, and to amend the law relating to ancient monuments and other objects of archaeological interest.

[31st July 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

Preservation of Historic Buildings and contents

THEREOF

1.—(1) There shall be established a Council, to be called " the Historic Buildings Council for England ", for the purpose of advising the Minister of Works (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Minister ") on the exercise, in relation to England, of his powers under this Part of this Act.

(2) The said Council shall consist of a chairman appointed by the Minister and such number of other members so appointed as the Minister may from time to time determine, and the chairman and other members of the Council shall hold and vacate office in accordance with the terms of their appointments.

(3) The Minister may out of moneys provided by Parliament pay to the chairman of the said Council such remuneration and allowances as the Minister may with the approval of the Treasury determine.

No person shall be disqualified from being elected to, or sitting and voting as, a member of the House of Commons by reason of his being the chairman of the said Council; but, in relation to a chairman of the Council who is a member of the House of Commons, this subsection shall have effect with the substitution, for the words " remuneration and allowances ", of the words " allowances in respect of travelling and subsistence expenses, and in respect of other expenses (if any) necessarily incurred by him for the purpose of enabling him to perform his duties as chairman,".

(4) The Minister may out of moneys provided by Parliament pay to the other members of the said Council such allowances as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine in respect

le

1953 Historic Buildings and Ch. 49

Ancient Monuments , 1953

of travelling and subsistence expenses and in respect of other expenses (if any) necessarily incurred by them for the purpose of enabling them to perform their duties as members of the Council.

(5) Subject to any directions of the Minister as to quoram or other matters, the procedure of the said Council shall be such as the Council may determine.

(6) The said Council shall, before such date in every year as the Minister may fix, send to the Minister a report in respect of the matters on which they have advised the Minister during the previous year, and the Minister shall lay a copy of the report before each House of Parliament.

(7) Without prejudice to the last preceding subsection, if at any time it appears to the said Council that there is need for action to be taken by the Minister under this Part of this Act, they shall forthwith make to the Minister such representations as they may think appropriate in the circumstances.

2. —(1) There shall be established a Council, to be called " the Historic Historic Buildings Council for Scotland ", for the purpose of advising the Minister on the exercise, in relation to Scotland, Scotland °r of his powers under this Part of this Act, and to advise the Secretary of State, in cases where he thinks it appropriate to consult them, on the exercise of his functions under sections twenty-seven, twenty-eight and thirty-eight of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which contain provisions relating to buildings of special architectural or historic interest),

and under subsection (2) of section ninety-six of that Act so far as it relates to building preservation orders.

(2) Subsections (2) to (5) and subsection (7) of the preceding section shall apply to the said Council as they apply to the Historic Buildings Council for England, with the substitution in subsections (2) and (5), for references to the Minister, of references to the Minister and the Secretary of State acting jointly.

(3) The said Council shall, before such date in every year as the Minister and the Secretary of State may jointly fix, send to the Minister and to the Secretary of State a report in respect of the matters on which the Council have advised either of them during the previous year, and the Minister and the Secretary of State shall jointly lay a copy of the report before each House of Parliament.

3. —(1) There shall be established a Council, to be called " the Historic Historic Buildings Council for Wales", for the purpose of Buildings advising the Minister on the exercise, in relation to Wales, of for his powers under this Part of this Act.

X. 2

651

Part I

—cont.

652

Ch. 49

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

1 & 2 Euz.2

Part 1 —cont.

Grants for preservation of historic buildings, their contents and adjoining land.

Acquisition by the Minister of historic buildings, their contents and adjoining land.

(2) Subsections (2) to (7) of section one of this Act shall apply to the said Council as they apply to the Historic Buildings Council for England.

4. —(1) The Minister may, out of moneys provided by Parliament, make grants for the purpose of defraying in whole or in part any expenditure incurred or to be incurred in the repair or maintenance of a building appearing to the Minister to be of outstanding historic or architectural interest, or in the upkeep of any land comprising, or contiguous or adjacent to, any such building, or in the repair or maintenance of any objects ordinarily kept in any such building.

(2) Where a grant under this section is made to the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty or the National Trust for Scotland for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty, the grant may, if the Minister thinks fit, be made by way of endowment, subject to such provisions, by way of trust, contract or otherwise, as may appear to the Minister to be requisite for securing that, so long as it is reasonably practicable to give effect to the purposes of the endowment, the sum granted will be retained and invested by the Trust and used as a source of income for defraying the expenditure in respect of which the grant is made.

(3) A grant under this section may be made subject to conditions imposed by the Minister for the purpose of securing public access to the whole or part of the property to which the grant relates, or for other purposes, as the Minister may think fit

(4) Before making any grant under this section the Minister shall consult with the appropriate Council under this Act, both as to the making of the grant and as to the conditions subject to which it should be made:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in a case where the making of a grant appears to the Minister to be a matter of immediate urgency.

5. —(1) Subject to subsection (4) of this section, the Minister shall have power to acquire by agreement, whether by purchase, lease or otherwise, or to accept a gift of—

(a) any building appearing to him to be one of outstanding historic or architectural interest;

(b) any land comprising, or contiguous or adjacent to, any such building.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, the Minister shall have power to purchase by agreement, or to accept a gift of, any objects which are or have been ordinarily kept in—

(a) a building which, or any interest in which, is vested in the Minister, or a building which is under his control or

1953

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

Ch. 49

653

management, being in either case a building appearing Part I to the Minister to be of outstanding historic or archi- —cont. tectural interest; or

(b) a building of which the Minister is guardian under the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913; or

(c) a building which, or any interest in which, is vested in either of the said National Trusts.

(3) Subject as aforesaid, the Minister may make such arrangements as he may think fit as to the management or custody of any property acquired or accepted by him under this section, and as to the use of any such property, and may dispose of or otherwise deal with any such property as he may from time to time determine.

(4) The Minister shall consult with the appropriate Council under this Act before acquiring or accepting any property under this section, and before taking any step by way of disposing of or otherwise dealing with any property so acquired or accepted, other than any step taken by him in the course of managing or keeping the property and making arrangements as to its use:

Provided that this subsection shall not prevent the Minister from acquiring or accepting any property without consultation with the said Council in a case where the acquisition or acceptance thereof appears to him to be a matter of immediate urgency.

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Minister under this section shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament, and any receipts of the Minister under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

6.—(1) The Minister may, out of moneys provided by Parlia- Grants to ment, make grants for the purpose of defraying in whole or in auUiorities part any expenses incurred by a local authority in the acquisition and National of property under section forty-one of the Town and Country Trusts for Planning Act, 1947, or section thirty-eight of the Town and acquisition of Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 (under which sections ul8t,?ic buildings of special architectural or historic interest may inDm m8S* certain cases be acquired by a local authority).

(2) The Minister may also, out of moneys so provided, make grants to the said National Trusts for the purpose of defraying in whole or in part any expenses incurred by them in the acquisition of buildings which appear to the Minister to be of outstanding historic or architectural interest.

(3) Before making any grant under this section the Minister shall consult with the appropriate Council under this Act:

654

Part I

—cont.

Payments out of National Land Fund.

Power of Minister to accept endowments of historic buildings.

Ch. 49 Historic Buildings and 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Ancient Monuments , 1953

Provided that this subsection shall not apply in a case where the making of a grant appears to the Minister to be a matter of immediate urgency.

7. There shall be paid to the Minister out of the National Land Fund, at such times as the Treasury may direct, sums equal to the amount of the expenses incurred by the Minister under subsection (2) of section four of this Act, sections five and six of this Act, section forty-one of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1947 and section thirty-eight of the Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947, and the sums so paid shall, to such extent as may be directed by the Treasury, be applied as appropriations in aid of the moneys provided by Parliament for defraying such expenses of the Minister as may be so directed, and, so far as not so applied, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

8. —(1) Where any instrument coming into operation after the passing of this Act contains a provision purporting to be a gift of property to the Minister upon trust to use the income thereof (either for a limited time or in perpetuity) for or towards the upkeep of—

(a) a building acquired or accepted by the Minister under section five of this Act, or a building which the Minister proposes so to acquire or accept, or

(b) a building which at the coming into operation of the trust instrument is or will shortly be vested in or under the control or management of the Minister, being a building which appears to him to be one of outstanding historic or architectural interest, or

(c) a building of which at that time the Minister is or win

shortly be guardian under the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913,

or for or towards the upkeep of any such building together with other property, the Minister may accept the gift, and, if he does so, and the provision does not constitute a charitable trust, the following provisions of this section shall have effect.

(2) The validity of the gift and of the trust to use the income as aforesaid (hereinafter referred to as " the endowment trust") shall be deemed not to be, or ever to have been, affected by any rule of law or equity which would not have affected their validity if the trust had been charitable.

(3) In relation to the property (of whatsoever nature) comprised in the gift and any property for the time being representing that property (hereinafter collectively referred to as " the trust fund ") the Minister shall during the continuance of the endowment trust have the like powers of management, disposition and investment

1953 Historic Buildings and Ch. 49

Ancient Monuments A, 1953

as, in the case of land held on trust for sale, are conferred by law on the trustees for sale in relation to the land and to the proceeds of sale thereof:

Provided that this subsection shall have effect without prejudice to any additional or larger powers conferred on the Minister by the trust instrument.

(4) If while the endowment trust continues an event happens such that immediately thereafter the Minister is neither entitled to any interest in the building to which the trust relates, nor has the building under his control or management, nor is guardian of the building under the said Act of 1913, and apart from this subsection the endowment trust would not then be determined or be deemed to have failed, then on the happening of that event the endowment trust shall cease by virtue of this subsection and the trust fund shall devolve accordingly as on a failure of the trust.

(5) If the trust instrument contains a provision whereby on the failure or determination of the endowment trust the trust fund purports to be given, or to be directed to be held, on charitable trusts, the validity of that gift or direction shall be deemed not to be, or ever to have been, affected by any rule of law or equity relating to perpetuities.

(6) Subsection (3) of this section shall not apply to a trust to which the Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921, applies.

9.—(1) In this Part of this Act the expression " the appropriate Interpretation Council under this Act "— of Part I*

(a) in relation to a building in England, and in relation to

objects associated with such a building, means the Historic Buildings Council for England;

(b) in relation to a building in Scotland, and in relation to objects associated with such a building, means the Historic Buildings Council for Scotland; and

(c) in relation to a building in Wales, and in relation to objects associated with such a building, means the Historic Buildings Council for Wales.

(2) In this Part of this Act—

the expression " gift " includes devise, bequest, appointment, conveyance, assignment, transfer and any other assurance of property; and

the expression " property ", in relation to England and Wales, means real or personal property of any description, and, in relation to Scotland, means heritable or moveable property of any description.

655

Part I —com.

656

Ch. 49

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments Act, 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Part II

Amended Procedure for Protection of Ancient Monuments

Interim 10.—(1) Where in the case of a monument which appears to

preservation the Minister to be an ancient monument—

(a) the Ancient Monuments Board report to him that the monument is in danger of destruction or removal or damage from neglect or injudicious treatment, and that the preservation of the monument is of national importance, or

(b) the Minister considers it to be a matter of immediate urgency to act under this subsection without receiving such a report,

the Minister (subject to subsection (4) of this section and to the provisions hereinafter contained as to structures appearing to be occupied as dwelling-houses) may, if he thinks fit, serve a notice (in this Act referred to as an "interim preservation notice") on the owner and, if the owner is not the occupier, on the occupier of the monument, stating that the monument will be under the protection of the Minister under this Part of this Act while the notice is in force.

Where the Minister serves an interim preservation notice, he shall cause a copy of the notice to be fixed on some conspicuous part of the monument.

(2) Where the Ancient Monuments Board have reason to believe that a monument is in danger as aforesaid, and that the preservation of the monument is of national importance, they may (subject to the said provisions as to structures appearing to be occupied as dwelling-houses), by a written authorisation signed on their behalf by a member of the Board, authorise any person (including a member of the Board) to inspect the monument for the purpose of enabling the Board to determine whether it is proper for them to report to the Minister, and any person so authorised may at any reasonable time, on production by him if so required of the authorisation, enter any premises for the purpose of carrying out the inspection of the monument:

Provided that, unless the Ancient Monuments Board consider that the inspection of the monument is a matter of immediate urgency, they shall give not less than seven clear days* notice of the proposed inspection to the occupier of the premises which are to be entered.

(3) An interim preservation notice—

(a) may be revoked by the Minister at any time by notice served on the owner and, if the owner is not the occupier, on the occupier of the monument;

1953

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments Act, 1953

Ch. 49

657

(b) if a preservation order made under the next following

section with respect to the same monument comes into operation within a period of twenty-one months after the service of the interim preservation notice, shall cease to have effect when the order comes into operation; and

(c) if no such order comes into operation within that period, and the notice has not been revoked before the end of that period, shall cease to have effect at the end of that period.

(4) If an interim preservation notice is revoked or ceases to have effect otherwise than on the coming into operation of a preservation order, no further interim preservation notice shall be served with respect to the same monument until after the end of the period of five years beginning with the date on which the former notice ceased to have effect unless, before the end of that period—

(a) there has been given to the Minister in relation to the monument such a notice as is required by subsection (2) of section six of the Ancient Monuments Act, 1931; or

(b) work has been executed, or begun to be executed, in relation to the monument, being work notice of which is required to be, but has not been, given under that subsection.

11. —(1) The Minister may, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Schedule to this Act, make an order (in this Act referred to as a " preservation order ") placing under the more lasting protection of the Minister a monument with respect to which an interim preservation notice is in force, and any such order shall, in the circumstances specified in the said Schedule, be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

(2) The Minister may at any time revoke a preservation order by an order of which notice shall be published in the London Gazette, or, if the order relates to a monument in Scotland, in the Edinburgh Gazette.

12. —(1) While an interim preservation notice or a preservation order is in force with respect to a monument, the monument shall not be demolished or removed, nor shall any additions or alterations be made thereto or any work carried out in connection therewith, except with the written consent of the Minister granted either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as the Minister may think fit.

(2) Where a person has an interest in the whole or a part of a monument and either—

(a) his interest is injuriously affected by the service of an interim preservation notice or by the coming into operation of a preservation order, or

Part n —cortt.

Preservation

orders.

Effect of, and compensation for, interim preservation notices and preservation orders, and provisions as to guardianship orders.

Ch. 49

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(b) he suffers damage or incurs expenditure in respect of that interest in consequence of the refusal, or the granting subject to conditions, of any consent required under the preceding subsection,

he shall be entitled to receive such compensation as may be appropriate in the circumstances.

(3) Any question as to a person’s right to compensation under the last preceding subsection, or as to the amount of any such compensation which is appropriate in the circumstances,—

(a) in a case where a preservation order is made, shall, both

as respects the order and as respects the interim preservation notice superseded by the order, be determined under the preservation order and in accordance with the provisions thereof;

(b) in a case where an interim preservation notice is not superseded by a preservation order, shall in default of agreement be determined by the Lands Tribunal as may appear to the Tribunal to be just.

(4) The reference in paragraph (b) of the last preceding subsection to the Lands Tribunal shall, as respects an interim preservation notice relating to a monument in Scotland, be construed as a reference to the Lands Tribunal for Scotland:

Provided that until sections one to three of the Lands Tribunal Act, 1949, come into force as respects Scotland the said reference shall be construed as referring to an official arbiter appointed under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, and an official arbiter so appointed for the purposes of the said paragraph (b) shall have the like powers with respect to procedure, costs and the statement of cases as he has under the said Act of 1919.

(5) If, while an interim preservation notice or a preservation order is in force with respect to a monument, it appears to the Minister that owing to neglect the monument is liable to fall into decay, the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury, make an order (hereinafter referred to as a "guardianship order") constituting himself guardian of the monument so long as that order is in force, and—

(a) if the order is made while an interim preservation notice

is in force, the order shall remain in force so long as the notice and any preservation order superseding the notice remains in force;

(b) if the order is made while a preservation order is in force, the guardianship order shall remain in force so long as the preservation order is in force;

1953

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

Ch. 49

659

and the provisions of the Ancient Monuments Acts, 1913 and Part n 1931, and this Act shall, while a guardianship order is in force, apply as if the Minister had been constituted guardian of the monument by a deed not containing any restriction not contained in the order and executed by all the persons who, at the time when the order is made, are able by deed to constitute the Minister guardian of the monument.

Any order made under this subsection may be revoked at any time by the Minister.

(6) Where a person’s interest in the whole or a part of a monument is injuriously affected by the coming into operation of a guardianship order, he shall be entitled to receive such compensation as may be appropriate in the circumstances; and any question as to a person’s right to such compensation, or as to the amount of any such compensation which is appropriate in the circumstances,—

(a) if the guardianship order is made during the currency of a preservation order, shall be determined under the guardianship order and in accordance with the provisions thereof;

(b) if the guardianship order is made during the currency of an interim preservation notice which is superseded by a preservation order, shall be determined under the preservation order and in accordance with the provisions of that order;

(c) if the guardianship order is made during the currency of an interim preservation notice which is not superseded by a preservation order, shall in default of agreement be determined by the Lands Tribunal as may appear to the Tribunal to be just.

13.—(1) This Part of this Act shall have effect in place of Supplementary Part III of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amend-and .. ment Act, 1913, and accordingly the said Part III, together with section four of the Ancient Monuments Act, 1931 (by which itpr was amended), is hereby repealed.

(2) Any Preservation Order made under section six of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913, and any order constituting the Minister guardian under subsection (2) of section seven of that Act, being in either case an order in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall continue in force and shah be deemed to have been made under section eleven of this Act, or under subsection (5) of section twelve thereof, as the case may be; and—

(a) any reference in the said Act of 1913, or in the Ancient Monuments Act, 1931, to a Preservation Order shall be

660

Part n —com.

Injury to ancient monuments by their owners.

Ch. 49 Historic Buildings and 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Ancient Monuments , 1953

construed as a reference to a preservation order made or deemed to have been made under the said section eleven and as including a reference to an interim preservation notice; and

(b) any provision of the Ancient Monuments Act, 1931, which contains a reference to section six of the said Act of 1913 shall have effect as if the reference were to this Part of this Act:

Provided that subsection (2) of the last preceding section shall not apply to a Preservation Order made under the said section six, and subsection (6) of the last preceding section shall not apply to an order made under subsection (2) of the said section seven.

(3) The Minister shall not serve an interim preservation notice, or make a preservation order or k guardianship order, and the Ancient Monuments Board shall not issue an authorisation under subsection (2) of section ten of this Act, with respect to a structure which appears to the Minister or the Board, as the case may be, to be occupied as a dwelling-house, otherwise than by a person employed as caretaker thereof or his family.

(4) Any compensation to which a person is entitled under this Part of this Act shall be paid by the Minister; and any expenses incurred by the Minister in the payment of such compensation, and any increase attributable to the provisions of this Part of this Act in the expenses incurred by the Minister under the Ancient Monuments Acts, 1913 and 1931, shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Part III

Further Provisions relating to Ancient Monuments

14.—(1) Subsection (3) of section fourteen of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913 (which exempts the owner of a monument from punishment under that section for injuring or defacing it, unless the Minister or a local authority is guardian of the monument) shall not apply to anything done after the passing of this Act, except—

(a) in the case of a monument in respect of which an interim

preservation notice or a preservation order is in force, anything done with the written consent of the Minister under subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act;

(b) in the case of any other monument, anything done more

than three months after the owner has, in accordance with subsection (2) of section six of the Ancient Monuments Act, 1931, given to the Minister notice in writing of his intention to do that thing.

1953 Historic Buildings and Ch. 49

Ancient Monuments , 1953

(2) Notwithstanding the preceding subsection, so much of subsection (1) of the said section fourteen as relates to the payment of sums for repairing damage shall not apply to the owner of the monument, except in a case where the Minister or a local authority is guardian of the monument.

(3) For the purpose of determining in any proceedings whether an injunction (whether restrictive or mandatory), or, in Scotland, an interdict or other order, should be granted for preventing or remedying a contravention of subsection (1) of section twelve of this Act, no account shall be taken of the fact that a person has been or may be prosecuted in respect of the act in question by virtue of section fourteen of the said Act of 1913, as modified by this section.

15. —(1) Section one hundred and four of the Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952 (which provides that an information cannot be tried unless it is laid within six months after the commission of the offence), shall have effect in relation to offences under the Ancient Monuments Acts, 1913 and 1931, as if for the words * six months ", there were substituted the words " one year ".

(2) Notwithstanding anything in the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908, proceedings in Scotland for an offence against either of the said Acts of 1913 and 1931 may be commenced at any time within one year after the commission of the offence.

16. —(1) As respects any period for which separate advisory boards for Scotland and Wales are constituted under subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913—

(a) the advisory board first mentioned in that subsection shall be called "the Ancient Monuments Board for England ", and the said separate boards shall be called respectively " the Ancient Monuments Board for Scotland" and "the Ancient Monuments Board for Wales"; and

(b) references in this Act, and in any other enactment except

the said subsection (1), to the Ancient Monuments Board shall be construed—

(i) in relation to England, as references to the Ancient Monuments Board for England;

(ii) in relation to Scotland, as references to the Ancient Monuments Board for Scotland;

(iii) in relation to Wales, as references to the Ancient Monuments Board for Wales.

661

Part HI —cont.

Prosecution of offences under Ancient Monuments Acts.

Constitution of Ancient Monuments Boards.

662

Ch. 49

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part III

—cont.

(2) The preceding subsection shall be deemed to have had effect as from the commencement of the said Act of 1913.

Annual reports of Ancient Monuments Boards.

17. The Ancient Monuments Board for England, the Ancient Monuments Board for Scotland and the Ancient Monuments Board for Wales shall each, before such date in every year as the Minister may fix, send to the Minister a report on the discharge by them of their functions during the previous year, and the Minister shall lay a copy of each such report before each House of Parliament.

Amendment of s. 9 of Ancient Monuments Act, 1931.

18.—(1) Subsection (1) of section nine of the Ancient Monuments Act, 1931 (which confers a power of entry on land believed to contain an ancient monument) shall have effect in relation to land which contains a designated monument as it has effect in relation to the land first mentioned in that subsection.

(2) In this section the expression "designated monument" means a monument which is included in a list published under section twelve of the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913, or which is the subject of a preservation order or an interim preservation notice.

Amendment of s. 11 of Ancient Monuments Act, 1931.

19.—(1) So much of section eleven of the Ancient Monuments Act, 1931, as provides that the provisions of the Land Charges Act, 1925, shall apply to the instruments mentioned in that section as if they were local land charges shall cease to have effect; and so much of that section as provides that those instruments shall be registered accordingly shall have effect as if for the word "accordingly " there were substituted the words " in the register of local land charges in such manner as may be prescribed by rules made for the purposes of this section under subsection (6) of section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, as amended by any subsequent enactment ".

(2) The said section eleven, as amended by the preceding subsection, shall apply to notices served under subsection (1) of section ten of this Act, and to orders made under section eleven and under subsection (5) of section twelve of this Act, as it applies to the instruments referred to in the said section eleven of the said Act of 1931.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the operation of subsection (1) of section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925 (which makes provision for the protection of purchasers where local land charges are not duly registered), as applied (apart from this section) by section eleven of the said Act of 1931, in relation to any purchaser whose purchase was completed before the passing of this Act.

1953

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

Ch. 49

663

Part IV

Miscellaneous and General 20. Neither— Minor

(a) paragraph 12 in Part III of the First Schedule to the regarc^ntS

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, compulsory 1946, nor purchase of

(b) paragraph 12 in Part III of the First Schedule to the Mirristo. Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947,

(which paragraphs make a compulsory purchase order relating to land comprising an ancient monument or other object of archaeological interest subject to special parliamentary procedure unless the Minister gives a certificate about the use to which the land may be put) shall apply where the acquiring authority is the Minister, and accordingly in each of the said paragraphs after the words " Minister of Works " there shall be inserted the words " is the acquiring authority or

21. Any administrative expenses incurred by the Minister under Administrative this Act shall be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament. of

22.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Historic Buildings and Short title. Ancient Monuments Act, 1953.

and extent.

(2) Part II of this Act shall be construed as one with the Ancient Monuments Acts, 1913 and 1931; and the Ancient Monuments Acts, 1913 and 1931, and Parts II and HI of this Act, may be cited together as the Ancient Monuments Acts,

1913 to 1953.

(3) References in this Act to any other enactment shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any subsequent enactment including this Act.

(4) For the purposes of this Act the administrative county of Monmouth shall be taken to be part of Wales and not part of England.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

664

Ch. 49

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

SCHEDULE

Section 11. PROCEDURE FOR MAKING PRESERVATION ORDERS

1. Before making a preservation order in relation to any monument, the Minister shall—

(a) cause a draft of the proposed order to be published in the London Gazette;

(b) send a copy of the draft to each local authority in whose area

the monument is;

(c) publish in two successive weeks in one or more newspapers

circulating in the locality where the monument is a notice stating that the order is proposed to be made and the effect of the order and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the first publication of the notice in such a newspaper) within which and the manner in which objections to the proposed order can be made;

() serve on the owner of the monument and (if the owner is not the occupier) on the occupier of the monument a copy of the draft of the proposed order, together with a notice stating the effect thereof and specifying the time (not being less than twenty-eight days from the service of the notice) within which and the manner in which objections to the proposed order can be made;

(e) cause a copy of the draft of the proposed order to be fixed on

some conspicuous part of the monument.

2. —(1) If no objection is duly made by the owner or occupier of the monument or any other person appearing to the Minister to have an interest in the monument, or if all objections so made are withdrawn, the Minister may make the order either in the terms of the draft or with modifications thereof.

(2) If any objection duly made as aforesaid is not withdrawn, the Minister shall, before making the order, either cause a public local inquiry to be held or afford to any person by whom any objection has been duly made as aforesaid and not withdrawn an opportunity of appearing before and being heard by a person appointed by the Minister for the purpose, and, after considering the objection and the report of the person who held the inquiry or the person appointed as aforesaid, may make the order either in the terms of the draft or with modifications thereof.

(3) If any person by whom an objection has been made avails himself of the opportunity of being heard, the Minister shall afford to each local authority in whose area the monument is, and to any other person to whom it appears to the Minister expedient to afford it, an opportunity of being heard on the same occasion.

3. —(1) Where the Minister makes a preservation order, and an objection duly made by the owner or occupier of the monument or any person appearing to the Minister to have an interest in the monument has not been withdrawn before the order is made, the order shall be subject to special parliamentary procedure.

1953 Historic Buildings and Ch. 49

Ancient Monuments , 1953

(2) As soon as may be after the order has been made, the Minister shall publish in the London Gazette and in one or more local newspapers circulating in the locality in which the monument is a notice stating that the order has been made and the effect thereof and whether or not it is subject to special parliamentary procedure, and shall serve a like notice and a copy of the order on every person on whom a copy of the draft order was required to be served under paragraph 1 of this Schedule and on any other person appearing to the Minister to have an interest in the monument who duly made an objection which has not been withdrawn, and the order—

(a) if it is not subject to parliamentary procedure, shall come into

operation on the date on which the notice was first published as aforesaid;

(b) if it is subject to parliamentary procedure, shall come into operation in accordance with the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945.

(3) The Minister shall also, as soon as may be after the order has been made, cause a copy of the order to be fixed on some conspicuous part of the monument.

4.—(1) Except in Scotland, subsections (2) to (5) of section two hundred and ninety of the Local Government Act, 1933 (which relate to the giving of evidence at and the defraying of costs of inquiries) shall apply to a public local inquiry held in pursuance of this Schedule as they apply to the inquiries mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section two hundred and ninety:

Provided that subsection (4) of that section (which requires the costs of the department holding the inquiry to be defrayed by the parties thereto) shall not apply except in so far as the Minister is of opinion, having regard to the object and result of the inquiry, that the Minister's costs should be defrayed by any party thereto.

(2) In Scotland, subsections (2) to (9) of section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947 (which relate to the procedure for holding local inquiries) shall apply to a public local inquiry held in pursuance of this Schedule as they apply to the inquiries mentioned in subsection (1) of the said section three hundred and fifty-five:

Provided that, if the Minister so directs, the public local inquiry held in pursuance of this Schedule shall be held by Commissioners under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936, and where a direction is so given—

(a) it shall be deemed to have been so given under section two, as read with section ten, of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945;

(b) if paragraph 1 of this Schedule has been complied with as respects the publication of the draft order, the provisions of subsection (1) of the said section two with regard to advertisement of notice shall be deemed to have been complied with; and

(c) the said provisions of section three hundred and fifty-five of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, shall not apply to such inquiry.

665

SCH.

—cont.

666

Ch. 49

Historic Buildings and

Ancient Monuments , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Sol 5.—(1) If any person aggrieved by a preservation order desires to

com. question the validity thereof on the ground that any requirement of this Act has not been complied with in relation to the Older, be may, within six weeks from the date on which the order comes into operation, make an application to the High Court, and on any such application the Court, if satisfied that the interests of the applicant have been substantially prejudiced by a failure to comply with any such requirement, may quash the order or any provision contained therein.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the preceding sub-paragraph, a preservation order shall not, either before or after it has been made, be questioned in any legal proceedings whatsoever.

(3) This paragraph shall not apply to an order which is confirmed by Act of Parliament under section six of the Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945, or under subsection (4) of section two of that Act, as read with section ten thereof.

(4) References in this paragraph to the High Court shall, as respects a preservation order relating to a monument in Scotland, be construed as references to the Court of Session.

6. References in this Schedule to the London Gazette shall, in a a case where the preservation order relates to a monument in Scotland, be construed as references to the Edinburgh Gazette.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Session and Chapter

Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908 Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amend

8 Edw. 7. c. 65.

ment Act, 1913

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919

Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921

Land Charges Act, 1925

Ancient Monuments Act, 1931

Local Government Act, 1933

Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1936

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 32.

9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 57.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 58. 15 & 16 Geo. 5. c. 22. 21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 16. 23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 51. 26 Geo. 5. & 1 Edw. 1

Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945... Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

Act, 1946

Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 Lands Tribunal Act, 1949

c. 52.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 18.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 42. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 51. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 53. 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6

Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952

c. 42.

15 &*16 Geo. 6. A

1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

667

CHAPTER 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

Power to maintain the Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force; and numbers and area of service thereof

Section

1. Power to maintain, numbers and area of service.

Administration

2. Administering associations.

3. Constitution of associations.

4. Application to associations of sections five to nine.

5. General duties of associations.

6. Powers and duties assignable to associations.

7. Expenses of associations.

8. Accounts of associations.

9. Joint committees of associations.

10. Regulations as to associations.

Government, Discipline and Pay

11. Government, discipline and pay.

Enlistment, re-engagement and discharge

12. Procedure for enlistment.

13. Conditions of enlistment.

14. Term of service.

15. Re-engagement for service.

16. First appointments to lowest rank of officers.

17. Discharge.

18. Postponement of discharge during an emergency.

Training

19. Preliminary training of recruits.

20. Annual training.

21. Training of part-time service men.

22. Voluntary training.

Mobilisation

23. Embodiment.

24. Disembodying.

25. Calling-out for home defence service.

26. Additional powers of transfer and posting while men are mobilised.

Offences

27. Failure to attend on embodiment or on calling out for home defence

service.

28. Failure to fulfil training conditions.

29. Wrongful sale, etc., of public property.

30. Enlistment of men discharged with disgrace from army, air force or

navy or contrary to rules.

31. Trial of offences and application of penalties.

32. Courts of inquiry.

33. Provisions as to offences triable both by court-manial and summarily.

34. Evidence.

668

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Ch.

50

Miscellaneous

35. Enlistment into army reserve and air force reserve.

36. Exercise of powers vested in holders of military and air force officers.

37. Exemption from tolls.

38. Application of enactments relating to Militia and Volunteers.

39. Civil rights and exemptions.

40. City of London Trophy Tax.

General

41. Service and publication of notices.

42. Provisions as to orders, schemes and regulations.

43. Interpretation.

44. Repeals, and revocation of Orders in Council.

45. Saving for powers to make Orders in Council.

46. Transitional provisions and general savings.

47. Application to counties of cities in Scotland.

48. Application to Northern Ireland.

49. Provisions as to the Isle of Man.

50. Short title and commencement.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Provisions of schemes for the constitution of associations.

Second Schedule.—Application of provisions of Army Act and Air Force Act relating to enlistment.

Third Schedule.—Counties of which certain cities and towns arc deemed to form part.

Fourth Schedule.—Transitional provisions as to the conditions of service of certain officers and men.

Fifth Schedule.—Repeals.

An Act to consolidate certain enactments and Orders in Council relating to the Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force with corrections and improvements made under the Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949.

[29th October 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Power to maintain the Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force; and numbers and area of service thereof

Power to 1.—(1) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to maintain the

maintain, Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, numbers and

area of (2) The Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force

service. shall each consist of such number of officers, warrant officers,

non-commissioned officers and men as may from time to time be provided by Parliament.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

669

(3) Officers and men of the Territorial Army and of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall be liable to serve in any part of the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands, and, in so far as is hereinafter provided, elsewhere.

Administration

2.—(1) In this Act—

the expression " joint association " means an association established for any area in the United Kingdom, being an area consisting of one or more counties, for the purposes of the organisation and administration of Her Majesty's military and air forces other than the regulars and their reserves and for such other purposes of the establishment of associations as are mentioned in this Act;

the expression " territorial army association " means an association established for any such area for the like purposes in relation to Her Majesty’s military forces;

the expression " auxiliary air force association " means an association established for any such area for the like purposes in relation to Her Majesty’s air forces.

(2) The joint associations in existence at the commencement of this Act (which were established under provision in that behalf of the enactments repealed and orders revoked by this Act, and whose areas together cover the whole of the United Kingdom) shall continue in existence, subject to the next following subsection.

(3) A joint association for any area may be terminated in any case where the Army Council and the Air Council agree.

(4) Upon the termination of a joint association the Army Council and the Air Council shall make a joint order for the winding up of the association, and the joint order shall provide for any matter incidental to or consequential on the winding up, whether as respects the transfer of property, rights and liabilities, financial adjustment or otherwise, as the Army Council and the Air Council may think necessary.

(5) An association of any of the kinds mentioned in subsection (1) of this section may be established for any such area as is mentioned in that subsection for which an association of that kind is not for the time being in existence, being in the case of an auxiliary air force association an area which in the opinion of the Air Council cannot suitably be administered through a joint association.

(6) The scheme under the next succeeding section whereby a joint association is established for any area shall provide for the winding up, as from the date of the establishment of the joint

Administering

associations.

670

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

association, of any territorial army association or auxiliary air force association previously established for that area, and for any matter incidental to or consequential on the winding up, whether as respects the transfer of property, rights and liabilities, financial adjustment or otherwise, as the Army Council and the Air Council may think necessary.

Constitution of 3. Such an association as is mentioned in the last foregoing associations, section shall be constituted, and the members thereof shall be appointed and hold office, in accordance with a scheme as to which the provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect, being a scheme made—

(a) in the case of a joint association, by the Army Council

and the Air Council jointly;

(b) in the case of a territorial army association, by the Army

Council;

(c) in the case of an auxiliary air force association, by the

Air Council.

Application to 4. The provisions of the five next following sections shall associations of apply, save as otherwise therein expressly provided, to all such associations as are mentioned in section two of this Act, but with the following modifications in their application to an association other than a joint association, that is to say—

(a) in their application to a territorial army association

they shall be read with the omission of all references to Her Majesty’s air forces, and also of references to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, the Air Council, air force authorities, air force resources and capabilities, actual air force service, the Air Training Corps, aviation clubs, and aerodromes, landing grounds and hangars;

(b) in their application to an auxiliary air force association

they shall be read with the omission of all references to Her Majesty’s military forces, and also of references to the Territorial Army, the Army Council, military authorities, military resources and capabilities, actual military service, and the Army Cadet Force.

General duties 5.—(1) It shall be the duty of each association to make itself

of associations, acquainted with and conform to the plan of the Army Council for the organisation of all Her Majesty’s military forces within the area for which the association is established and of the Air Council for the organisation of all Her Majesty’s air forces within that area.

(2) It shall be the duty of each association to ascertain the military and air force resources and capabilities of the area for which the association is established and to render advice and assistance to the Army Council and the Air Council and to such officers as those Councils respectively may direct.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

671

(3) It shall be the duty of each association to make itself acquainted with and conform to the plan of the Admiralty for the organisation within the area for which the association is established of the reserves of the Royal Navy and of the reserves of the Royal Marines in so far as that plan relates to matters with respect to which functions are conferred on the association under subsection (1) of the next following section.

6.—(1) An association shall have, exercise and discharge Powers and such powers and duties connected with the organisation and duties administration of Her Majesty’s military and air forces as may *°

for the time being be transferred or assigned to it by order of 1

Her Majesty signified under the hand of a Secretary of State or, subject thereto, by regulations under this Act, and also such powers and duties as may be transferred or assigned to it as aforesaid connected with the organisation and administration of—

(<a)the reserves of the Royal Navy and the reserves of the Royal Marines; or

(b) the Army Cadet Force, the Air Training Corps, the Combined Cadet Force and the Sea Cadet Corps;

but an association shall not have any powers of command or training over any part of Her Majesty’s forces.

(2) The powers and duties so transferred or assigned to an association may include any powers conferred on or vested in Her Majesty, and any powers or duties conferred or imposed on the Army Council or the Air Council or a Secretary of State, by statute or otherwise, and in particular respecting the following matters: —

(a) the organisation of the units of the Territorial Army

and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force and their administration (including maintenance) at all times other than when they are called out for training or actual military or air force service, or when embodied;

(b) the recruiting for the Territorial Army and the Royal

Auxiliary Air Force both in peace and in war, and defining the limits of recruiting areas;

(c) the provision and maintenance of rifle ranges, buildings,

magazines, sites of camps, aerodromes, landing grounds and hangars for the Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force;

(d) facilitating the provision of areas to be used for manoeuvres;

(e) arranging with employers of labour as to holidays for training, and ascertaining, after consultation with the representatives of employers in and of persons employed in the principal industries of the area for

672

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Expenses of associations.

which the association is established, the times of training which having regard to those industries are best suited to the circumstances of civil life;

(/) establishing or assisting cadet units and also rifle and aviation clubs;

(g) the provision of mechanical transport and horses for the

peace requirements of the Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force;

(h) providing accommodation for the safe custody of arms

and equipment;

(i) the supply of the requirements on mobilisation of the units of the Territorial Army and the Royal Auxiliary Air Force within the area for which the association is established in so far as those requirements are directed by the Army Council and the Air Council respectively to be met locally;

(/) the registration in conjunction with the military and air force authorities of vehicles, horses, stores and equipment for any of Her Majesty’s military or air forces (or, in the case of a territorial army association, any of Her Majesty’s forces);

(k) the welfare of members and former members of Her Majesty’s military and air forces and of members and former members of the reserves of the Royal Navy and of the reserves of the Royal Marines;

(0 in the case of a joint association and of an auxiliary air force association, the undertaking in relation to the air force reserve of any functions undertaken in relation to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

For the purposes of paragraph (0 of this subsection the Army Council and Air Council shall from time to time make and issue to associations regulations specifying, so far as practicable, the requirements mentioned in that paragraph which are to be met locally.

(3) The members of an association shall not be under any pecuniary liability for any act done by them in their capacity as members of the association in carrying out the provisions of this Act.

7.—(1) Each of the Service Authorities shall pay to an association, out of moneys provided by Parliament, such sums as in the opinion of that Authority are required to meet the necessary expenditure incurred by the association in connection with the exercise and discharge of powers and duties relating to matters under the control of that Authority.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

673

(2) Where any expenditure of an association is incurred partly in respect of matters under the control of one of the Service Authorities and partly in respect of matters under the control of another, the Authorities concerned shall make any apportion-ment necessary for the purposes of this section.

(3) An association—

(a) shall annually at the prescribed time, and

(b) may at any other time for any special purpose,

submit in the prescribed form and manner a statement of its necessary requirements, so far as they relate to its functions in relation to matters under the control of any of the Service Authorities, to that Authority; and all payments under this section to an association shall be made upon the basis of such a statement, so far as approved by the Authority to whom it was submitted.

(4) Subject to regulations under this Act, any money paid to an association by a Service Authority shall be applicable to any of the purposes specified in the approved statements in accordance with which money has been granted and, except with the written consent of the Service Authority by whom it was paid, shall not be applicable otherwise:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as enabling a Service Authority to give their consent to the application of money to any purpose to which, apart from this section, it could not lawfully be applied, or to give their consent without the authority of the Treasury in any case in which, apart from this section, the authority of the Treasury would be required.

(5) All money received by an association otherwise than from a Service Authority (except such money, if any, as may be received by the association for specified purposes) shall be available for the purposes of any of the powers and duties of the association:

Provided that, in the case of a joint association, the income from investments representing money originally received for the purpose of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall be applied only to that purpose, unless the Army Council and the Air Council otherwise jointly direct.

(6) In this section the expression " the Service Authorities " means the Army Council, the Air Council and the Admiralty.

8.—(1) An association shall cause its accounts to be made Accounts of up annually and audited in such a manner as may be prescribed, associations.

(2) An association shall keep separate accounts of grants made to the association by the Admiralty and the expenditure thereof.

Y

674

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Euz.2

Joint

committees of associations.

Regulations as to

associations.

(3) An association shall send copies of its accounts, together with any report of the auditors thereon,—

(a) except in the case of separate accounts kept under the

last foregoing subsection—

(i) if it is a joint association, to the Army Council so far as the accounts relate to the Territorial Army and to the Air Council so far as they relate to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force;

(ii) if it is a territorial army association, to the Army Council;

(iii) if it is an auxiliary air force association, to the Air Council;

(b) in the case of separate accounts kept under the last

foregoing subsection, to the Admiralty.

9. —(1) Any associations may from time to time join id appointing out of their respective bodies a joint committee for any purpose in respect of which they are jointly interested.

(2) An association joining in appointing a joint committee under this section may delegate to it any power which such as association may exercise for the purpose for which the committee is appointed.

(3) Subject to the terms of delegation a joint committee appointed under this section shall in respect of any matter delegated to it have the same power in all respects as the associations appointing it.

(4) The costs of such joint committee shall be defrayed by the associations by whom it has been appointed in such proportion as may be agreed between them, and the accounts of such joint committees and their officers shall for the purposes of the provisions of this Act be deemed to be accounts of the associations appointing them and of their officers.

10. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, regulations for carrying into effect the provisions of the eight last foregoing sections as respects joint associations may be made by the Army Council and the Air Council jointly, or may be made by than severally as respects matters with which they are respectively concerned, and such regulations may, among other things, provide for the following matters:—

(a) for regulating the manner in which powers are to be

exercised and duties performed by such associations, and for specifying the services to which money paid by the Army Council and the Air Council respectively is to be applicable;

(b) for authorising and regulating the acquisition by or on

behalf of such an association of land for the purposes of this Act and the disposal of any land so acquired:

1953

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

Ch. 50

675

(c) for authorising and regulating the borrowing of money

by such an association;

() for authorising the acceptance of any money or other

property, and the taking over of any liability, by such an association, and for regulating the administration of any money or property so acquired and the discharge of any liability so taken over;

(e) for facilitating the co-operation of such an association

with any other association such as is mentioned in section two of this Act or with any local authority or other body, and for providing by the constitution of joint committees or otherwise for co-operative action in the organisation and administration of divisions, brigades and other military bodies and of groups, wings, squadrons and other air force bodies, and for the provision of assistance by one association to another;

(f) for affiliating cadet units, rifle and aviation clubs and

other bodies to the Territorial Army or to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force or to any part thereof;

(g) for or in respect of anything by the foregoing provisions

of this Act directed or authorised to be done or provided for by regulations or to be done in the prescribed manner;

(h) for the application for the purposes of the foregoing provisions of this Act, as respects any matters to be dealt with by regulations, of any provision in any Act of Parliament dealing with the like matters, with the necessary modifications or adaptations, and in particular of any provisions as to the acquisition of land by or on behalf of volunteer corps.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, regulations for carrying into effect the provisions of the eight last foregoing sections as respects territorial army associations and auxiliary air force associations respectively may be made by the Army Council and the Air Council respectively, and such regulations may, among other things, provide for the matters mentioned in paragraphs (a) to (/i) of the foregoing subsection, read with the following modifications, that is to say,

(a) for references to joint associations there shall be substi-

tuted references to territorial army associations or to auxiliary air force associations, as the case may be;

(b) as respects territorial army associations there shall be

omitted the references to the Air Council, to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, to groups, wings, squadrons, and other air force bodies, and to aviation clubs;

676

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(c) as respects auxiliary air force associations there shall be omitted the references to the Army Council, to the Territorial Army, to divisions, brigades and other military bodies.

(3) All regulations under this section as respects joint, territorial army and auxiliary air force associations respectively shall be applicable to all joint, territorial army and auxiliary air force associations respectively, except in so far as may be otherwise provided by the regulations or by any scheme made under this Act

(4) All regulations under this section made for the purposes of section seven or of section eight of this Act shall be subject to the consent of the Treasury.

Government, Discipline and Pay

Government, 11.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall be

discipline and lawful for Her Majesty, by order signified under the hand of a pay* Secretary of State, to make orders with respect to the govern-

ment, discipline, and pay and allowances of the Territorial Army and of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, and with respect to all other matters and things relating to the Territorial Army or to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, including any matter by the following provisions of this Act authorised to be prescribed or expressed to be subject to orders or regulations.

(2) Orders made under this section as respects the Territorial Army may—

(a) provide for the formation of men of the Territorial

Army into regiments, battalions, or other military bodies,

(b) provide for appointing, transferring or attaching men of

the Territorial Army to corps and for posting, attaching, or otherwise dealing with such men within the corps,

(c) provide for the constitution of a permanent staff, in-

cluding adjutants and staff sergeants who shall, except in special circumstances certified by the general officer commanding, be members of Her Majesty’s regular military forces, and

(d) regulate the appointment, rank, duties and numbers of the officers, warrant officers and non-commissioned officers of the Territorial Army.

(3) Orders made under this section as respects the Royal Auxiliary Air Force may—

(a) provide for the formation of men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force into wings, squadrons or other air force bodies and for the formation of such wings.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

677

squadrons or other air force bodies into higher formations, either alone or jointly with any other part of Her Majesty’s air forces,

(b) provide for posting, transferring, or attaching men of

the Royal Auxiliary Air Force to units,

(c) provide for the constitution of a permanent staff,

including adjutants and non-commissioned officers who shall, except in special circumstances certified by the air officer commanding, be members of Her Majesty’s regular air force, and id) regulate the appointment, rank, duties and numbers of the officers, warrant officers and non-commissioned officers of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this section and of any order made thereunder—

(a) the Army Council may make general or special regula-

tions with respect to any matters relating to the Territorial Army, and

(b) the Air Council may make general or special regula-

tions with respect to any matters relating to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, being matters with respect to which Her Majesty may make orders under this section.

(5) Orders or regulations made under this section shall not affect or extend the term for which, or the area within which, a man of the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force is liable to serve or, except as expressly provided by this Act—

(a) authorise a man of the Territorial Army (other than a

man serving therein for a term of part-time service within the meaning of Part I of the National Service Act. 1948) when belonging to one corps to be transferred. without his consent, to another corps; or

(b) where the corps of a man of the Territorial Army (other

than a man serving therein as aforesaid) includes more than one unit, authorise him when not embodied to be posted, without his consent, to any unit other than that to which he was posted on enlistment; or

(c) where the corps of a man of the Territorial Army (other

than a man serving therein as aforesaid) includes any battalion or other body of the regular forces, authorise him to be posted, without his consent, to that battalion or body; or

() authorise a man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force when not embodied to be posted, without his consent, to any unit other than that to which he was posted on enlistment; or

(e) authorise a man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force to be posted, without his consent, to a unit of the regular air force.

678

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Procedure for enlistment.

(6) Where a man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force was enlisted before the date of any order or regulation under this Act, nothing in that order or regulation shall render him liable without his consent to be appointed, transferred, or attached to any military or air force body, as the case may be, to which he could not without his consent have been appointed, transferred or attached if the said order or regulation had not been made.

(7) Orders and regulations under this section may provide for the formation of a reserve division of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force and may relax or dispense with any of the provisions of this Act relating to training so far as regards their application to men in such a reserve division, aod may, notwithstanding anything in this section, authorise a man in such a reserve division to be transferred from one corps <in the case of the Territorial Army) or one unit tin the case of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force) to another:

Provided that a man in the reserve division of the Territorial Army shall not, without his consent, be transferred by virtue of this subsection to a corps of another arm except as expressly provided by this Act.

Enlistment, re-engagement and discharge

12.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and of the National Service Act, 1948, all men of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall be enlisted by such persons and in such manner and subject to such regulations as may be prescribed.

(2) The provisions of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act specified in the Second Schedule to this Act shall, subject to the modifications therein specified, apply to the Territorial Army and to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force respectively:

Provided that section ninety-six of the Army Act shall not apply to persons serving in the Territorial Army for a term of part-time service within the meaning of Part I of the National Service Act, 1948.

(3) A recruit may be attested by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant of any county in the United Kingdom, or, in the case of a recruit to the Territorial Army, by an officer of the regular military forces or of the Territorial Army, or, in the case of a recruit to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, by an officer of the regular air force or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, and the sections of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act and also section thirty-three of each of those Acts shall, as applied to the Territorial Army or to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, as the case may be, be construed as if references therein to a justice of the peace included references to any such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant or officer.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

679

(4) The attestation paper to be used for the purpose of attesting recruits to the Territorial Army shall be in such form as may be prescribed.

13. Every man enlisted under this Act shall if enlisted into Conditions of the Territorial Army be enlisted for service in such corps and enlistment, be posted to such unit in that corps as he may select, or if enlisted

into the Royal Auxiliary Air Force be enlisted for service in such unit as he may select.

14. —(1) Subject to the provisions of the next following sub- Term of section, every man enlisted under this Act shall be enlisted to

serve for such a period as may be prescribed, not exceeding four years, reckoned from the date of his attestation.

(2) A man enlisted under this Act, being a man who—

(<a)has entered into an engagement such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of section two of the National Service Act, 1948, to be enlisted into the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, or (b) during his service in pursuance of a similar engagement to be entered or enlisted in some other auxiliary force, is transferred to the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force under section three of the said Act of 1948,

shall be enlisted for the term for which he so engaged to be entered or enlisted, or, if that term is partly expired, for the unexpired part thereof.

(3) A man of the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall, until duly discharged in the prescribed manner, remain subject to this Act as a man of that Army or that Force, as the case may be.

15. A man enlisted under this Act in the Territorial Army Re-eogagemeot or in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force may be re-engaged within for service, the period of twelve months expiring with the end of his current

term of service for such a period as may be prescribed, not exceeding four years from the end of that term, and on that re-engagement shall make the prescribed declaration before a justice of the peace or an officer, and so from time to time.

16. —(1) Subject to any directions which may be given by First

Her Majesty, first appointments to the lowest rank of officer in 2^JJ!2,ents the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall be given to persons recommended by the president of the appro- officen. priate association if—

(a) a person approved by Her Majesty is recommended by the president for such an appointment within thirty days after notice of a vacancy for the appointment has been given to the president in the prescribed manner; and

680

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Discharge.

(6) that person fulfils all the prescribed conditions as to age, physical fitness and educational qualifications.

(2) In this section the expression "the appropriate association " means, in relation to the appointment of any person, the association administering the unit in which that person is to serve, or, if the unit is administered by more than one association, then the association administering the part of the unit in which he is to serve.

17.—(1) A man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall, save as hereinafter provided, be entitled to be discharged before the end of his current term of service on complying with the following conditions:—

(i) giving to his commanding officer three months' notice

in writing, or such less notice as may be prescribed, of his desire to be discharged; and

(ii) paying for the use of the association administering the unit in which he is serving, or, if the unit is administered by more than one association, the association administering the part thereof in which he is serving, such sum as may be prescribed not exceeding five pounds; and

(iii) delivering up in good order, fair wear and tear only excepted, all arms, clothing and appointments, being public property issued to him, or, in cases where for any good or sufficient cause the delivery of the property aforesaid is impossible, paying the value thereof:

Provided that it shall be lawful for the said association, or for any officer authorised by the said association, in any case in which it appears that the reasons for which the discharge is claimed are of sufficient urgency or weight, to dispense either wholly or in part with all or any of the above conditions.

(2) A man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force may be discharged by his commanding officer for disobedience to orders by him while doing any military or air force duty, as the case may be, or for neglect of such duty, or for misconduct by him as a man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, as the case may be, or for other sufficient cause, the existence and sufficiency of such cause to be judged by the commanding officer:

Provided that a man so discharged shall be entitled to appeal to the Army Council or to the Air Council, as the case may be, who may give such directions in any such case as they may think just and proper.

(3) This section shall not apply to a man serving for a term of part-time service within the meaning of Part I of the National Service Act, 1948.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

681

18. —(1) Where the time at which a man of the Territorial Postponement Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force would otherwise be 4ischarge entitled to be discharged occurs during a period of emergency,

he may be required to prolong his service for such further term, not exceeding twelve months, as the competent military or, as the case may be, air force authority may order.

(2) A man shall not during a period of emergency be entitled to be discharged under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section.

(3) In this section the expression "period of emergency" means—

(a) in relation to a man of the Territorial Army, any period

while a proclamation is in force ordering the army reserve to be called out on permanent service;

(b) in relation to a man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force,

any period while a proclamation is in force ordering the air force reserve to be called out on permanent service or any period while the man in question is called out for home defence service.

Training

19. —(1) Every man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Preliminary

Auxiliary Air Force shall, by way of preliminary training during train,"8 of the first year of his original enlistment,— recruits.

(a) if so provided by Order in Council, be trained at such

places within the United Kingdom, at such times, and for such periods not exceeding in the whole the number of days specified by the Order in Council as may be prescribed, and may for that purpose be called out once or oftener; and

(b) whether such an Order in Council has been made or

not, attend the number of drills and fulfil the other conditions prescribed for a recruit of his arm or branch of the Territorial Army, or, as the case may be, attend the number of drills and instructional parades and fulfil the other conditions prescribed for a recruit in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

(2) The requirements relating to preliminary training imposed by this section shall be in addition to the requirements relating to annual training imposed by this Act.

20. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, every man Annual of the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall training, by way of annual training be trained for not less than eight nor more than fifteen days in every year at such times and at such places within the United Kingdom as may be prescribed,

Y*

le

682

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Training of part-time service men.

Voluntary

training.

and may for that purpose be called out once or oftener in every year.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this section, every such man shall attend the number of drills and fulfil the other conditions relating to training prescribed for his arm or branch of the Territorial Army or, as the case may be, attend the number of drills and instructional parades and fulfil the other conditions relating to training prescribed for the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

(3) In the application of subsection (1) of this section to the mounted branch of the Territorial Army, for the limit of fifteen days there shall be substituted a limit of eighteen days.

(4) The requirements of this section may be dispensed with in whole or in part—

(a) as respects any unit of the Territorial Army, by the

prescribed general officer, and as respects an individual man of the Territorial Army, by his commanding officer subject to any general directions of the prescribed general officer;

(b) as respects any unit of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, by the prescribed air officer, and as respects an individual man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, by his commanding officer subject to any general directions of the prescribed air officer.

(5) Her Majesty may by Order in Council made in relation to all or any part of the Territorial Army or all or any part of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force direct—

(i a)that the period of annual training in any year shall be extended to such period not exceeding thirty days as may be specified in the Order; or

(b) that the period of annual training in any year shall be

reduced to such period as to Her Majesty may seem fit; or

(c) that the annual training in any year shall be dispensed

with.

21. The two last foregoing sections shall not apply to a man serving for a term of part-time service within the meaning of Part I of the National Service Act, 1948, but any such man shall perform such training as he may from time to time be required to undergo under the said Part I.

22. Nothing in the two last foregoing sections shall be construed as preventing a man with his own consent, in addition to any other training, being called up for the purpose of duty or instruction in accordance with orders and regulations under this Act.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

683

Mobilisation

23.—(1) Immediately upon and by virtue of the issue of a Embodiment, proclamation ordering the army reserve to be called out on permanent service, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to order the Army Council from time to time to give, and when given to revoke or vary, such directions as may seem necessary or proper for embodying all or any part of the Territorial Army, and in particular to make such special arrangements as they think proper with regard to units or individuals whose services may be required in other than a military capacity.

(2) Where under any such proclamation directions have been issued for calling out all the men belonging to the first class of the army reserve, the Army Council shall within one month after such directions have been issued issue directions for embodying all the men belonging to the Territorial Army, unless an address has been presented to Her Majesty by both Houses of Parliament praying that such directions for the embodiment of the men of the Territorial Army shall not be issued.

(3) Directions shall not unless the emergency so requires be given in compliance with the last foregoing subsection until each House of Parliament has had an opportunity of presenting such an address as is mentioned in that subsection.

(4) The foregoing subsections shall have effect in relation to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force with the substitution of references thereto and to the Air Council and an air force capacity for references to the Territorial Army and to the Army Council and a military capacity respectively and with the substitution of references to the air force reserve for references to the army reserve and to the first class thereof.

(5) Whenever, in consequence of the calling out of the whole of the first class of the army reserve or in consequence of the calling out of the whole of the air force reserve, directions are required under this section to be given for embodying the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, if Parliament is at that time adjourned or prorogued for any period which will not expire within ten days, a proclamation shall be issued for the meeting of Parliament within ten days and Parliament shall accordingly meet and sit upon the day appointed by such proclamation and shall continue to sit and act in like manner as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same day.

(6) Where directions under this section for the time being direct the embodiment of any part of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force every officer and man belonging to that part shall attend at the place and time fixed by those directions and after that time shall be deemed to be embodied; and such officers and men are in this Act referred to as embodied or as the embodied part or parts of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, as the case may be.

Y* 2

684

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces Actt 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Disembody-

ing.

Calling-out for home defence service.

(7) An officer or man of the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall while embodied be liable to serve in any place outside the United Kingdom and the Channel Islands:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to any man in whose case it was agreed at the time of his enlistment that he was accepted for home service only.

24. —(1) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by proclamation to order that the Territorial Army be disembodied, and thereupon the Army Council shall give such directions as may seem necessary or proper for carrying the proclamation into effect.

(2) Until any such proclamation of Her Majesty ordering that the Territorial Army be disembodied has been issued, the Army Council may from time to time as they may think expedient for the public service give such directions as may seem necessary or proper for disembodying any embodied part of the Territorial Army, and for embodying any part of the Territorial Army not embodied whether that part was previously embodied or not.

(3) After the date fixed by the directions for the disembodiment of any part of the Territorial Army the officers and men belonging to that part shall be in the position of officers and men of the Territorial Army when not embodied.

(4) The foregoing subsections shall have effect in relation to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force with the substitution of references thereto and to the Air Council for references to the Territorial Army and the Army Council respectively.

25. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every officer and man of the Territorial Army and of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall be liable to be called out for home defence service notwithstanding that the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, as the case may be, or the part thereof to which he belongs, has not been embodied.

(2) It shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, at any time when it appears to him that the occasion so requires, to give, and when given to revoke or vary, such directions as he may think fit for calling out for home defence service in accordance with the provisions of the foregoing subsection any officer or man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force who by virtue of those provisions is liable to be so called out; and every officer or man called out by the directions shall attend at the place and time appointed by the directions, and shall be deemed to be called out for home defence service at and after that time.

(3) Where a Secretary of State has given any directions under the last foregoing subsection, he may at any time thereafter give such directions as he may think fit for terminating the service under subsection (1) of this section of officers and men called out by the directions under the last foregoing subsection, but

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

685

without prejudice to the power of the Secretary of State, by further directions given under the last foregoing subsection to call out for further service any officer or man whose service has been terminated by directions given under this subsection.

(4) If, while an officer or man of the Territorial Army called out by directions given under subsection (2) of this section is serving under subsection (1) of this section, directions are given under this Act for embodying the Territorial Army or the part thereof in which he is serving, he shall thereupon be deemed to be embodied and his service under subsection (1) of this section shall cease.

This subsection shall have effect in relation to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force with the substitution of a reference thereto for the reference to the Territorial Army.

26.—(1) A man of the Territorial Army may, by order of the competent military authority,—

(a) at any time while the part of the Territorial Army to which he belongs is embodied, be posted without his consent to any unit within his corps or be transferred without his consent to any corps, and

(b) at any time while he is serving under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, be posted without his consent to any unit within his corps.

(2) A man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force may, by order of the competent air force authority, at any time while the part of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force to which he belongs is embodied or at any time while he is serving under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, be posted without his consent to any unit of Her Majesty’s air forces.

(3) Where a man who has been transferred or posted by virtue of this section continues in territorial army or in auxiliary air force service, as the case may be, then if he so desires there shall, as soon as may be convenient after the end of the period of embodiment or, as the case may be, of the period of his service under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, be taken all such steps as are necessary to enable him to serve again, in the case of territorial army service in the corps and unit, or, in the case of auxiliary air force service in the unit, in which he was serving at the time when he was first so transferred or posted.

(4) The last foregoing subsection shall apply to a man who, by virtue of subsection (4) of the last foregoing section, is deemed to be embodied as if the words " or, as the case may be, of the period of his service under subsection (1) of the last foregoing section " were omitted.

(5) Nothing in this section shall apply to men serving for a term of part-time service in accordance with the provisions of Part I of the National Service Act, 1948, or affect the transfer or posting of such men.

Additional powers of transfer and posting while men are mobilised.

686

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Failure to attend on embodiment or on calling out for home defence service.

Offences

27.—(1) Any man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force who without leave lawfully granted, or such sickness or other reasonable excuse as may be allowed in the prescribed manner—

(a) fails to appear at the time and place appointed for assembling on embodiment in accordance with directions given under section twenty-three of this Act, or

(b) fails to appear at the time and place appointed on his

being called out for home defence service in accordance with directions given under subsection (2) of section twenty-five of this Act or under paragraph 2 of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, shall be guilty, according to the circumstances, of desertion or absence without leave, and on conviction by court-martial shall be punishable as for an offence under section twelve or, as the case may be, section fifteen of the Army Act or of the Air Force Act, and may be taken into military or air force custody, as the case may be.

(2) Any person who, in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, by any means whatsoever—

(a) procures or persuades any man of the Territorial Army

or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force to commit an offence of desertion contrary to subsection (1) of this section, or attempts to procure or persuade any such man to commit such an offence, or

(b) knowing that any such man is about to commit such

an offence aids or assists him in so doing, or

(c) knowing any such man to be a deserter contrary to sub-

section (1) of this section conceals the man, or aids or assists him in concealing himself, or employs or continues to employ him, or aids or assists in his rescue, shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding thirty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

(3) Section one hundred and fifty-four of the Army Act, or of the Air Force Act, as the case may be, shall apply to a deserter or absentee without leave contrary to subsection (1) of this section as it applies to a deserter or absentee without leave within the meaning of that Act.

(4) Any person who, knowing any man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force to be a deserter within the meaning of the Army Act, or of the Air Force Act, as the case may be, employs or continues to employ the man shall be deemed to aid him in concealing himself within the meaning of paragraph (3) of section one hundred and fifty-three of that Act (which provides, among other things, for the punishment of persons concealing deserters from the regular forces).

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

687

(5) Where a man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force deserts contrary to subsection (1) of this section the time which elapsed between the time of his desertion and the time of his apprehension or voluntary surrender shall not be taken into account in reckoning his service for the purpose of discharge.

28. Where—

(a) a man of the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary

Air Force, without leave lawfully granted, or such sick- conations. ness or other reasonable excuse as may be allowed in the prescribed manner, fails to appear at the time and place appointed for preliminary training or for annual training, or fails to attend the number of drills or instructional parades or to fulfil the other conditions relating to preliminary or annual training which may be prescribed; or

(b) a man of the Territorial Army serving therein for a

term of part-time service within the meaning of Part I of the National Service Act, 1948, fails to appear at the time and place appointed for any training which he is required to undergo under the said Part I or to perform such training for the period and in accordance with the other conditions laid down in respect thereof by the said Part I, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds:

Provided that where a man serving in the Territorial Army for a term of part-time service fails to comply with a training notice served upon him under section five of the National Service Act, 1948, he shall in respect of such failure be liable to be apprehended and punished as provided by subsection (4) of the said section five and accordingly the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to any such failure.

29#—(1) If any person designedly makes away with, sells, or Wrongful pawns, or wrongfully destroys or damages, or negligently loses, anything issued to him as an officer or man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, or wrongfully refuses p p^‘ or neglects to deliver up on demand anything issued to him as an officer or man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, the value thereof shall be recoverable from him on complaint to a magistrates* court—

(a) if he is serving in the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force at the time when the complaint is made, by the association administering the unit in which he is serving, or, if the unit is administered by more than one association, then by the association administering die part thereof in which he is serving;

(b) if he is not serving in the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force at the time aforesaid, by the asso-

688

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

ciation administering the unit in which he last served, or, if the unit is administered by more than one association , then by the association administering the part thereof in which he last served.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last foregoing subsection, any person who designedly makes away with, sells, pawns or wrongfully destroys, anything issued to him as aforesaid shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) In the application of subsection (1) of this section to Scotland for the words " on complaint to a magistrates’ court" there shall be substituted the words " on proceedings in any competent court" and for the words "at the time when the complaint is made " there shall be substituted the words " at the time when the proceedings are brought

Enlistment of men discharged with disgrace from army, air force or navy or contrary to rules.

30.—(1) If a person—

(a) having been discharged with disgrace from any part

of Her Majesty’s military or air forces or having been dismissed with disgrace from the navy, has afterwards enlisted in the Territorial Army or in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force without declaring the circumstances of his discharge or dismissal, or

(b) while subject to military law or to the Air Force Act,

is concerned in the enlistment for service in the Territorial Army or in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, as the case may be, of any man when he knows or has reasonable cause to believe the man to be so circumstanced that by enlistment he commits an offence against the Army Act or the Air Force Act, as the case may be, or this Act, or

(c) while subject to military law or to the Air Force Act.

wilfully contravenes any enactments, orders or regulations which relate to the enlistment or attestation of men in the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, as the case may be, he shall be guilty of an offence and shall, whether or not otherwise subject to military law or to the Air Force Act, be liable to be tried by court-martial and on conviction to suffer such punishment as is imposed for the like offence by sections thirty-two or thirty-four of the Army Act, if the case relates to enlistment or attestation in the Territorial Army, or by sections thirty-two or thirty-four of the Air Force Act, if the case relates to enlistment or attestation in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, and may be taken into military or air force custody, as the case may be.

(2) For the purpose of this section the expression " discharged with disgrace " means discharged with ignominy, discharged for misconduct, or discharged on account of a conviction for felony or a sentence of penal servitude or imprisonment

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

689

31.—(1) Any offence to which this subsection applies which Trial of is cognizable by a court-martial shall also be cognizable by a offences and magistrates’ court, and on conviction by such a court shall be J2^jftion * punishable with imprisonment for a term not exceeding three 1)61141 C8‘ months or with a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, or with both such imprisonment and fine.

(2) The foregoing subsection applies to any offence under the Army Act if committed by a man of the Territorial Army when not embodied, any offence under the Air Force Act if committed by a man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force when not called out for home defence service and not embodied, and any offence under this Act.

(3) Nothing in subsection (1) of this section shall affect the liability of a person charged with any offence to which that subsection applies to be taken into military or air force custody.

(4) Any offence which under this Act is punishable on conviction by court-martial shall for all purposes of and incidental to the arrest, trial and punishment of the offender, including the summary dealing with the case by any officer having power so to deal with the case, be deemed to be an offence under the Army Act (if the offence relates to a man of the Territorial Army) or under the Air Force Act (if the offence relates to a man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force):

Provided that the said Acts shall in their application for the purposes of this subsection have effect with the substitution for any reference to forfeiture and stoppages of a reference to such forfeiture and stoppages as may be prescribed.

(5) Any offence which under this Act is punishable on summary conviction may be prosecuted, and any fine recoverable on such conviction may be recovered, in the manner provided by sections one hundred and sixty-six to one hundred and sixty-eight of the Army Act (if the offence relates to an officer or man of the Territorial Army) or of the Air Force Act (if the offence relates to an officer or man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force), in like manner as if those sections were herein re-enacted and in terms made applicable to this Act, subject however to the following provisions, that is to say—

(a) section twenty-seven of the Justices of the Peace Act,

1949 (which provides for the application of fines imposed by, and the payment of expenses of, magistrates* courts in England and Wales) shall have effect in relation to any fine imposed by such a court, or by a court of quarter sessions on appeal from such a court, on the conviction of any person for an offence which under this Act is punishable on summary conviction as if this subsection had been enacted before the passing of that Act;

690

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Courts of inquiry.

(b) every fine imposed under this Act on a man of the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force otherwise than by a court in England or Wales and every fine recovered on a prosecution instituted under this Act otherwise than in such a court shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act or charter or in the said sections one hundred and sixty-six to one hundred and sixty-eight to the contrary, be paid to the association administering the unit in which the man is serving, or, if the unit is administered by more than one association, then to the association administering the part thereof in which he is serving.

(6) Proceedings against an offender before either a court-martial or an officer having power to deal with the case summarily, or a magistrates’ court, in respect of an offence punishable under this Act and alleged to have been committed by him during his period of service in the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force may be instituted whether the term of his service has or has not expired, and may, notwithstanding anything in any other Act, be instituted at any time within two months after the time at which the offence becomes known to his commanding officer, if the alleged offender is then apprehended, or, if he is not then apprehended, then within two months after the time at which he is apprehended:

Provided that nothing in the foregoing provisions of this subsection shall affect the limitation imposed by subsection (3) of section thirty-one of the National Service Act, 1948, as respects the time within which proceedings may be begun against a person for an offence under Part I of that Act

(7) Where an offender has on several occasions been guilty of desertion, fraudulent enlistment, or making a false answer, he may for the purposes of any proceedings against him be deemed to belong to any one or more of the corps or units to which he has been appointed or transferred as well as to the corps or unit to which he properly belongs, and it shall be lawful to charge the offender with any number of the above-mentioned offences at the same time, whether they are offences within the meaning of the Army Act or the Air Force Act or offences within the meaning of this Act, and to give evidence of such offences against him, and, if he is convicted of more than one offence, to punish him accordingly as if he had been previously convicted of any such offence.

(8) In the application of this section to Scotland any reference to a magistrates’ court shall be construed as a reference to the sheriff sitting as a court of summary jurisdiction.

32. Where a man of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force is subject to military law or, as the case may be, to the Air Force Act and is illegally absent from his

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

691

duty, a court of inquiry under section seventy-two of the Army Act or of the Air Force Act, as the case may be, may be assembled after the expiration of twenty-one days from the date of his absence, notwithstanding that the period during which the man was subject to military law or the Air Force Act is less than twenty-one days or has expired before the expiration of twenty-one days.

33. —(1) A person charged with an offence which under this Protons as

Act is cognizable both by a court-martial and by a magistrates* by

court shall not be liable to be tried both by a court-martial and court-martial by a magistrates’ court, but may be tried by either of them, as and summarily, may be prescribed.

(2) For the purposes of the foregoing subsection a man who has been dealt with summarily by any officer having power so to deal with the case shall be deemed to have been tried by court-martial.

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland any reference to a magistrates’ court shall be construed as a reference to the sheriff sitting as a court of summary jurisdiction.

34. —(1) Section one hundred and sixty-three of the Army Evidence.

Act (which relates to evidence generally) shall apply to all proceedings under this Act relating to a man of the Territorial Army.

(2) Section one hundred and sixty-four of the Army Act (which provides for the proof of the civil conviction or acquittal of a person subject to military law) shall apply to a man of the Territorial Army tried by a civil court, whether he is or is not at the time of that trial subject to military law.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force as they apply to men of the Territorial Army, with the substitution of references to the Air Force Act for references to the Army Act and military law.

Miscellaneous

35. If a man of the Territorial Army enlists into the army Enlistment into reserve without being discharged from the Territorial Army, or an^y

a man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force enlists into the air forc^reserve. force reserve without being discharged from the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, the terms and conditions of service applicable to men of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall cease to apply to him while he remains in the army reserve or in the air force reserve, as the case may be.

36. —(1) Any power or jurisdiction given to, and act or thing Exercise of to be done by, to or before any person holding any military P°uef2 vest?i office may, in relation to the Territorial Army, be exercised by JJmtaryMd or done by, to or before any other person for the time being air fora authorised in that behalf according to the custom of the service, offices.

692

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 B 2

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply in relation to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force as it applies in relation to the Territorial Army, with the substitution of a reference to air force office for the reference to military office.

(3) Where by this Act, or by any order or regulation in force thereunder, any order is authorised to be made by any military or air force authority, the order may be signified by an order, instruction or letter under the hand of any officer authorised to issue orders on behalf of that authority, and an order, instruction or letter purporting to be signed by any officer appearing therein to be so authorised shall be evidence of his being so authorised.

Exemption 37.—(i) For the purpose of section one hundred and forty-

from tolls. three of the Army Act and of other enactments relating to such duties, tolls and ferries as are mentioned in that section, officers and men belonging to the Territorial Army, when going to or returning from any place at which they are required to attend, and for non-attendance at which they are liable to be punished, shall be deemed to be officers and soldiers of the regular forces on duty.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall apply to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force as it applies to the Territorial Army, with the substitution of references to the Air Force Act, airmen and the regular air force for references to the Army Act, soldiers and the regular forces respectively.

Application of 38. Her Majesty may by Order in Council apply, with the enactments necessary adaptations, to the Territorial Army or the Royal Mmtia and Auxiliary Air Force, or to the officers or men belonging thereto. Volunteers. any enactment passed before the second day of August, nineteen hundred and seven and in force at that date relating to the Militia or Volunteers, or officers or men of the Militia or Volunteers, other than enactments with respect to the raising, service, pay, discipline or government of the Militia or Volunteers.

Civil rights and 39.—(1) An officer or man of the Territorial Army or the

exemptions. Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall not be liable to any penalty or punishment for or on account of his absence during the time he is voting at any election of a member to serve in Parliament, or during the time he is going to or returning from such voting.

(2) While a sheriff—

(a) is an officer of the Territorial Army and is embodied, or

(ft) is an officer of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force and is embodied or called out for home defence service, he shall be discharged from personally performing the office of sheriff, and the under-sheriff shall be answerable for the execution of the said office in the name of the high sheriff, and

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

693

the security given by the under-sheriff and his pledges to the high sheriff shall stand as a security to the Queen and to all persons whomsoever for the due performance of the office of sheriff during that time.

(3) An officer or man of the Territorial Army or the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shall not be compelled to serve as a peace officer or parish officer and shall be exempt from serving on any jury, and a field officer of the Territorial Army or an officer of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force not below the rank of squadron leader shall not be required to serve in the office of high sheriff:

Provided that a man who is serving in the Territorial Army for a term of part-time service within the meaning of Part I of the National Service Act, 1948, shall not by virtue of the foregoing provisions of this subsection, be exempted from serving on a jury during his term of part time service.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland subsection (2) and the words in subsection (3) from " and a field officer " to 44 high sheriff " shall be omitted.

40. The proceeds of the Trophy Tax levied in the City of City of London London may be applied by Her Majesty’s Commissioners of Trophy Tax. Lieutenancy for the City of London if those Commissioners in their discretion see fit for the purposes of any of the powers and duties of an association established under this Act for the City of London.

General

41.—(1) Notices required in pursuance of this Act or of the Service and orders and regulations in force thereunder to be given to men of publication of the Territorial Army or of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force shallnoticos be served or published in such manner as may be prescribed and, if so served or published, shall be deemed to be sufficient notice.

(2) Every constable and other parish officer shall, when so required by or on behalf of the Army Council or the Air Council, conform with the orders and regulations for the time being in force under this Act with respect to the publication and service of notices, and in default shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) In the last foregoing subsection the expression "parish officer" means in an urban parish the clerk to the rating authority, in a rural parish having a parish council the chairman of the parish council, and in any other rural parish the chairman of the parish meeting.

(4) In the application of this section to Scotland subsection (3) and the words " and other parish officer " in subsection (2) shall be omitted.

694

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Provisions as to orders, schemes and regulations.

Interpretation.

42.—(1) All Orders in Council, orders, schemes and regulations made under this Act (other than Orders in Council made under section nineteen or section twenty of this Act or the Fourth Schedule to this Act) shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament after being made.

(2) Every Order in Council or scheme required by the last foregoing subsection to be laid before each House of Parliament shall be so laid within forty days after it is made, if Parliament is then sitting, or, if not, within forty days after the commencement of the then next ensuing Session; and if an address is presented to Her Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next following forty days, (praying that any such Order or scheme may be annulled. Her Majesty may thereupon by Order in Council annul it, and the Order or scheme so annulled shall thenceforth become void and of no effect, but without prejudice to the validity of any proceedings which may in the meantime have been taken under it.

(3) Before any Order in Council is made under section nineteen, or under paragraph (a) of subsection (5) of section twenty, of this Act the draft of the Order shall be laid before each House of Parliament for a period of not less than forty days during the session of Parliament, and, if either of those Houses before the expiration of those forty days presents an address to Her Majesty against the draft Order or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken in respect of the Order, without prejudice to the making of a new draft Order.

(4) All Orders in Council, orders, schemes and regulations made under this Act may be varied or revoked by subsequent Orders in Council, orders, schemes or regulations made in the like manner and subject to the like conditions.

(5) For the purposes of the Statutory Instruments Act, 1946, this Act shall be deemed to be an Act passed before the commencement of that Act, and any reference in regulations made under subsection (1) of section eight of that Act to any provision of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, or to any provision of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, as applied to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force by the Auxiliary Air Force Order, 1924, shall, without prejudice to any power to vary or revoke the said regulations, be construed as a reference to the corresponding provision of this Act.

43.—(1) In this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

"air force member" means a member of an association who is a member or former member of Her Majesty’s air forces or who is specially qualified by his interest in and knowledge of matters relating to aviation;

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

695

"competent air force authority" means the Air Council or an officer designated by the Air Council;

" competent military authority " means the Army Council or an officer designated by the Army Council;

" county " means a county or riding of a county for which a lieutenant is appointed, and includes the City of London; and each county of a city or county of a town mentioned in the first column of Part I or Part III of the Third Schedule to this Act shall be deemed to form part of the county set opposite thereto in the second column of that Schedule;

" home defence service " means actual military or air force service in any place in the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands in defence of the Unitei Kingdom or the Channel Islands against actual or apprehended attack;

"magistrates* court" has the same meaning as in subsection (1) of section one hundred and twenty-four of the Magistrates* Courts Act, 1952;

" man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force " includes a warrant officer and a non-commissioned officer;

" man of the Territorial Army " includes a warrant officer and a non-commissioned officer;

" military member *’ means a member of an association who is a member or former member of Her Majesty’s military forces;

" prescribed " means prescribed by orders or regulations made under this Act;

and other expressions relating to the Territorial Army or to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force have the same meanings as in the Army Act or the Air Force Act, as the case may be.

(2) For the purposes of subsection (3) of section one and subsection (7) of section twenty-three of this Act and of the definition of " home defence service" in subsection (1) of this section, service on any flight of which the point of departure is within the boundaries of the United Kingdom or the Channel Islands or of the territorial waters of the United Kingdom or of those islands, and of which the point of intended return is within the said boundaries, shall be deemed to be service within the United Kingdom and the Channel Islands, notwithstanding that the flight may in its course extend beyond those boundaries.

(3) This Act shall apply in relation to women as it applies in relation to men.

696

Repeals, and revocation of Orders in Counci].

Saving for powers to make Orders in Council.

Transitional provisions and general savings.

Ch. 50 Auxiliary Forces , 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

44. —(1) The enactments specified in the second column of Part I of the Fifth Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule.

(2) The Orders in Council specified in the second oolumn of Part II of the said Schedule shall be revoked to the extent specified in the third column of that Part of that Schedule.

45. —(1) The foregoing provisions of this Act shall not affect the power of Her Majesty, under the enactments mentioned in subsection (3) of this section, by Order in Council to apply with adaptations and modifications to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force or to the officers and men of that Force, or to both the Royal Auxiliary Air Force and the officers and men of that Force and to the Territorial Army and the officers and men of that Army, enactments relating to the Territorial Army or the officers and men of that Army, or to make by such Order in Council such supplemental and consequential provisions as are authorised by any of the enactments mentioned in subsection (3) of this section.

(2) Any Order in Council made under the said power may vary or revoke any provision of this Act which is a provision reproduced from any of the Orders revoked by subsection (2) of the last foregoing section to the like extent as if that provision were contained in an Order in Council made under the said power.

(3) The empowering enactments referred to in subsection (1) of this section are the following, that is to say: —

subsection (2) of section six of the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, so far as it relates to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force;

sections one and two of the Auxiliary Air Force and Air Force Reserve Act, 1924, and section four of that Act so far as it relates to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force;

section seven of the Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949, and subsection (1) of section sixteen of that Act so far as it relates to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

46. —(1) In the case of—

(a) officers and men of the Territorial Army being officers other than those who accepted commissions in the Territorial Army on or after the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, and men other than those who entered the Territorial Army (whether on being enlisted or on being deemed to be enlisted or on being re-engaged therein) on or after that date, and

(b) officers and men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force being officers other than those who accepted commissions in

1953

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

Ch. 50

697

the Royal Auxiliary Air Force on or after the twenty-sixth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty, and men other than those who entered the Royal Auxiliary Air Force (whether on being enlisted or on being deemed to be enlisted or on being re-engaged therein) on or after that date,

the provisions of subsection (3) of section one, subsection (7) of section twenty-three, section twenty-five and section twenty-six of this Act shall not have effect, but the provisions of the Fourth Schedule to this Act shall have effect instead.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect any Order in Council, order, scheme or regulation made or any other thing done under or by virtue of an enactment repealed or Order in Council revoked by this Act, but any Order in Council, order, scheme or regulation so made, or thing so done, shall, if in force at the commencement of this Act, and so far as it could have been made or done under or by virtue of the corresponding provision of this Act, have effect as if it had been made or done under or by virtue of that corresponding provision.

(3) Any document referring to any Act or enactment repealed by this Act shall be construed as referring to this Act or the corresponding enactment in this Act

(4) This Act, except the following provisions thereof, that is to say—

subsection (3) of section one, section thirteen,

subsection (7) of section twenty-three, section twenty-five, and section twenty-six, shall be included among the enactments in relation to which Her Majesty has power to make Orders in Council under subsection (1) of section twenty-six, and subsection (1) of section thirty-two, of the National Service Act, 1948 (which provide for the making of Orders in Council modifying enactments relating to the length or conditions of service of men in the armed forces of the Crown in the application of such enactments to men called up under that Act, and for the making of Orders in Council modifying enactments relating to consequential matters).

(5) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as prejudicing the operation of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889 (which relates to the effect of repeals).

(6) The provisions of this Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of the following enactments, so long as those enactments are in operation, that is to say, the Armed Forces (Conditions of Service) Act, 1939, the Military and Air Forces

698

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Application to counties of cities in Scotland.

Application to

Northern

Ireland.

Provisions as to the Isle of Man.

Short title and commencement

(Prolongation of Service) Act, 1939, and the Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Training) Act, 1951.

47. This Act shall apply to a county of a city in Scotland in like manner as to any other county, provided that on the representation or with the consent of the council of any such county of a city it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by order signified under the hand of a Secretary of State, to declare that such county of a city shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to form part of the county set opposite thereto in the second column of Pan II of the Third Schedule to this Act and to provide for all matters which may appear necessary or proper for giving full effect to the order.

48. In the application of this Act to Northern Ireland the following expressions have the following meanings respectively—

" magistrates* court *’ means a court of summary jurisdiction constituted in accordance with the enactments (including enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) for the time being in force in Northern Ireland relating to summary jurisdiction;

" summary conviction *’ means conviction in accordance with the enactments (including enactments of the Parliament of Northern Ireland) for the time being in force in Northern* Ireland relating to summary jurisdiction.

49. —(1) References in this Act to the United Kingdom shall be construed as including the Isle of Man.

(2) This Act shall apply to the Isle of Man subject to the following modifications: —

(a) the Isle of Man shall be deemed to be a separate county;

(b) references to the Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of

Man shall be substituted for references to the lieutenant of a county;

(c) references to a court of summary jurisdiction and to

conviction by such a court shall be substituted for references to a magistrates* court and to summary conviction;

() a reference to the Tynwald Court shall be substituted for

the reference to Parliament in section thirty-nine of this Act

50. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953.

(2) This Act shall come into force on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and fifty-four.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

699

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE Provisions of Schemes for the Constitution of Associations

1. A scheme for the constitution of an association shall provide—

(a) for the date of the establishment of the association:

(b) for the incorporation of the association by an appropriate name, with power to hold land for the purposes of this Act without licence in mortmain:

(c) if the association is established for one county, for constitut-

ing the lieutenant of that county, or failing him such other person as the authority making the scheme thinks fit, president of the association:

(d) if the association is established for two or more counties, for constituting the lieutenant of such one of those counties as the said authority may from time to time think fit or, failing any of those lieutenants, such other person as that authority may think fit, president of the association, and for constituting vice-president of the association the lieutenant of any of those counties in any case where he is not president of the association and is willing to act as vice-president :>

(e) for the appointment as members of the association—•

(i) in the case of a joint association, of such number as may be specified in the scheme of military members and of such number as may be so specified of air force members, the aggregate of the said numbers not being less than half of the whole number of the association,

(ii) in the case of a territorial army association, of such number of military members as may be specified in the scheme, and, in the case of an auxiliary air force association, of such number of air force members as may be so specified, not being in either case less than one half of the whole number of the association:

if) for the appointment by the authority making the scheme, where it appears desirable, and after consultation with, and on the recommendation of, the bodies to be represented,—

(i) of representatives of the councils of administrative counties and county boroughs wholly or partly within the area for which the association is established (including, if that area consists of or comprises the City of London, representatives of the Common Council of the City);

<ii) of representatives of the councils of county districts within that area or, if that area consists of or comprises the county of London, representatives of metropolitan borough councils;

(iii) of a representative of the council of each administrative county wholly or partly within that area in its capacity as local education authority, in addition to representatives of that county council appointed under head (i) of this sub-paragraph;

Section .

700

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

1 &2 Elxz.2

1st Sch. (iv) if that area consists of or comprises a county for the

—con/. whole or any part of which a joint education board is

constituted as the local education authority, of a representative of that board;

(v) of representatives of universities whose activities are carried on wholly or partly within that area:

(g) for the appointment as members of the association, by the authority making the scheme, of such number of persons as may be specified in the scheme as representing the Army Cadet Force and the Air Training Corps in the case of a joint association, the Army Cadet Force in the case of a territorial army association, the Air Training Corps in the case of an auxiliary air force association, and the Combined Cadet Force and the Sea Cadet Corps in the case of any association:

(h) for the appointment as members of the association, by the authority making the scheme, of such number of persons as may be specified in the scheme as representing employers in, and persons employed in, the area for which the association is established:

(i) for the appointment of such number of co-opted members as may be specified in the scheme: if) for the mode of appointment, term of office and rotation of members of the association and the filling of casual vacancies:

(k) for the election of a chairman and vice-chairman by the association and for defining their powers and duties:

(/) for the appointment by the association, subject to the approval of the authority making the scheme, of a secretary and other officers of the association and for the accountability of such officers, and for the provision of offices:

(m) for the procedure to be adopted, including the appointment of committees and the delegation to committees of any of the powers or duties of the association:

(n) for enabling the following, or officers deputed by them, to attend the meetings of the association, and to speak but not to vote, namely, general or air officers specified in the scheme who are not members of the association, being—

(i) in the case of a joint association, general or air officers of any part of Her Majesty’s forces;

(ii) in the case of a territorial army association, general officers of any part of Her Majesty’s military forces;

(iii) in the case of an auxiliary air force association, air officers of any part of Her Majesty’s air forces:

(o) for dividing the area for which the association is established,

where on account of its size or population it seems desirable so to do, into two or more parts and for constituting subassociations for the several parts and for apportioning amongst the several sub-associations all or any of the powers and duties of the association and regulating the relations of the sub-associations to the association and to one another.

2. Any scheme relating to a joint association may provide for the election of two vice-chairmen and shall provide that of the chairman

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

701

and the vice-chairman or vice-chairmen at least one shall be a military member of the association and at least one shall be an air force member of the association.

3. A scheme may contain any consequential, supplemental, or transitory provisions which may appear to be necessary or proper for the purposes of the scheme, and also as respects any matter for which provision may be made by regulations under this Act and for which it appears desirable to make special provision affecting the association established by the scheme.

4. —(1) A scheme for the constitution of an association established for the county of Kent or for the county of Sussex, or for an area including either or both of those counties, may provide that the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports shall ex officio be a member of the association.

(2) A scheme for the constitution of an association established for the county of Cornwall or for the county of Devon, or for an area including either or both of those counties, may provide that the Warden of the Stannaries shall ex officio be a member of the association.

(3) The Governor or Deputy Governor of the Isle of Wight shall ex officio be a member of an association established for the county of Southampton or for an area including the county of Southampton.

(4) The Lord Mayor of the City of London shall—

(a) ex officio be president of an association established for the

City of London,

(b) in relation to an association established for the City of London

and one or more other counties be deemed, for the purposes of the application of sub-paragraph () of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, to be the lieutenant of a county.

5. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

'a) the reference in sub-paragraph of paragraph 1 to licence in mortmain shall be omitted;

t b)for heads (i) to (iv) of sub-paragraph if) of paragraph 1 there shall be substituted the following heads:—

44 (i) of representatives of the councils of counties and large burghs within the area for which the association is established;

(ii) of representatives of the councils of small burghs and districts within that area;

(iii) of a representative of the council of any county within that area in its capacity as education authority, in addition to representatives of that council appointed under head (i) of this sub-paragraph;

(iv) of a representative of a joint county council in its capacity as education authority for counties combined for the purposes of subsection (1) of section one hundred and eighteen of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947, in addition to representatives of the council of any of the separate counties of the combination appointed under head (i) of this sub-paragraph ";

(c) the expressions 44 large burgh " and 44 small burgh " have the same meanings as in the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947.

1st Sch. —com.

702

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces Act, 1953

1 & 2 Elkz. 2

SECOND SCHEDULE Section 12. APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS OF ARMY ACT AND AlR FORCB ACT

Relating to Enlistment

1. The provisions of the Army Act referred to in subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act are the following, that is to say—

section eighty-one (which relates to the mode of enlistment and attestation),

section ninety-six (which relates to the claims of masters to apprentices),

section ninety-eight (which provides for punishing unlawful recruiting),

section ninety-nine (which provides for punishing recruits for false answers),

so much of section one hundred as relates to the validity of attestation and enlistment, section one hundred and one (which relates to the competent military authority), and so much of section one hundred and sixty-three as relates to an attestation paper, or a copy thereof, or a declaration, being evidence.

2. The modifications of the Army Act referred to in subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act are the following, that is to say—

for references to the regular forces there shall be substituted references to the Territorial Army, for references to a soldier there shall be substituted references to a man of the Territorial Army, in section one hundred, in subsection (1), for the words from the beginning to die word " attestation ", in the second place where it occurs, there shall be substituted the words " Where a person after his attestation on his enlistment or the making of his declaration on re-engagement has not, within three months, claimed his discharge on any ground on which he is entitled under this subsection to do so, be shall be deemed to have been duly attested and enliked or duly re-engaged, as the case may be, and shall not be entitled to claim his discharge on the ground of any error or illegality in his enlistment attestation or re-engagement ", and, in subsection (3), for the words 44 he has not been attested or not duly attested " there shall be substituted the words 44 he has not been attested or re-engaged or not duly attested or re-engaged ", and in section one hundred and sixty-three, in paragraph (a) of subsection (1), for the words 44 upon any enrolment in any branch of Her Majesty’s service " there shall be substituted the words 44 upon his re-engagement in the Territorial Army".

3. The provisions of the Air Force Act referred to in subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act are the following, that is to say—

section eighty (which relates to the mode of enlistment and attestation),

section ninety-six (which relates to the claims of masters to apprentices).

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

703

section ninety-eight (which provides for punishing unlawful 2nd Sch.

recruiting), —cont.

section ninety-nine (which provides for punishing recruits for false answers),

so much of section one hundred as relates to the validity of attestation and enlistment or re-engagement, section one hundred and one (which relates to the competent air force authority), and so much of section one hundred and sixty-three as relates to an attestation paper, or a copy thereof or a declaration, being evidence.

4. The modifications of the Air Force Act referred to in subsection (2) of section twelve of this Act are the following, that is to say— for references to the regular air force there shall be substituted references to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, for references to an airman there shall be substituted references to a man of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, and in section one hundred, in subsection (1), for the words " has received pay as an airman of the regular air force during three months*' there shall be substituted the words "has not within three months claimed his discharge on any ground on which he is entitled under this subsection to do so*.

THIRD SCHEDULE

Counties of which Certain Cities and Towns are Deemed to Form Part

Part I England and Wales

Name of City or Town

County of the city of Chester

County of the city of Exeter

County of the town of Poole

County of the city of Gloucester

County of the city of Bristol

County of the city of Canterbury

County of the city of Lincoln

County of the city of Norwich

County of the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Borough and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed... County of the town of Nottingham County of the town of Southampton

County of the city of Lichfield

County of the city of Worcester

County of the city of York

County of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull... County of the town of Carmarthen County of the town of Haverfordwest

Sections^, 47.

County

Chester.

Devon.

Dorset.

Gloucester.

Gloucester.

Kent.

Lincoln.

Norfolk.

Northumberland.

Northumberland.

Nottingham.

Southampton.

Stafford.

Worcester.

West Riding of York. East Riding of York. Carmarthen. Pembroke.

704

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

3rd Sch. —amt.

Section 46.

Part II Scotland County of the dty of Edinburgh County of the city of Glasgow County of the city of Dundee County of the city of Aberdeen

Part HI

Midlothian.

Lanark.

Angus.

Aberdeen.

Northern Ireland County of the town of Londonderry Londonderry.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Transitional Provisions as to the Conditions of Service of certain Officers and men

1. —(1) This paragraph applies to officers and men of the Territorial Army being officers other than those who accepted commissions in the Territorial Army on or after the sixteenth day of December, nineteen hundred and forty-nine, and men other than those who entered the Territorial Army (whether on being enlisted or on being deemed to be enlisted or on being re-engaged therein) on or after that date.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, officers and men of the Territorial Army to whom this paragraph applies shall be liable to serve in any part of the United Kingdom but shall not be liable to be sent or ordered to go out of the United Kingdom:

Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she thinks fit, to accept the offer of any such officers or men of the Territorial Army, signified through their commanding officer, to subject themselves to the liability—

(a) to serve in any place outside the United Kingdom; or

(b) to be called out for actual military service for purposes of defence at such places in the United Kingdom as may be specified in their agreement, whether the Territorial Army is embodied or not;

and, upon any such offer being accepted they shall be liable, whenever required during the period to which the offer extends, to serve or be called out accordingly.

2. —(1) This paragraph applies to officers and men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force being officers other than those who accepted commissions in the Royal Auxiliary Air Force on or after the twenty-sixth day of May, nineteen hundred and fifty, and men other than those who entered the Royal Auxiliary Air Force (whether on being enlisted or on being deemed to be enlisted or on being reengaged therein) on or after that date.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, officers and men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force to whom this paragraph applies

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50

705

shall be liable to serve in any part of the United Kingdom but shall ScH not be liable to be sent or ordered to go out of the United Kingdom: *

Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if she thinks fit, to accept the offer of any such officers or men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, signified through their commanding officer, to subject themselves to the liability to serve in any place outside the United Kingdom and upon any such offer being accepted they shall be liable, whenever required during the period to which the offer extends, to serve accordingly.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the last foregoing sub-paragraph, officers and men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force to whom this paragraph applies and who have entered into an agreement to accept as an obligation the liability, whether or not the army or air force reserve is called out on permanent service, to be called out for home defence service shall be liable to be called out accordingly.

(4) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council declaring that a state of emergency exists, to order a Secretary of State to give, and when given to revoke or vary, such directions as may seem necessary or proper for calling out for home defence service all or any of the officers and men who by virtue of the last foregoing sub-paragraph are liable to be called out for such service.

(5) Every officer and man for the time being called out by directions under the last foregoing subparagraph shall attend at the place and time fixed by those directions.

(6) It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare that a state of emergency no longer exists, and thereupon the Secretary of State shall give such directions as may seem necessary or proper for terminating the service under sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph of the officers and men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force called out thereunder.

(7) Until any such Order in Council as is mentioned in the last foregoing sub-paragraph has been made, the Secretary of State may from time to time, as he may think expedient for the public service, give such directions as may seem necessary or proper for dispensing with the service under sub-paragraph (4) of this paragraph of any officers and men of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force and for calling out any officers or men of that force to serve under that sub-paragraph whether or not their service thereunder has been previously dispensed with.

3. A person shall not be compelled to make such an offer as is referred to in sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph 1, or in sub-para-graph (2) of paragraph 2, of this Schedule, or be subject to such liability as would result from making such an offer, unless that person makes the offer or subjects himself to the liability by his own consent, and a commanding officer shall not certify any voluntary offer until he has explained to the person making it that it is to be a purely voluntary offer on the part of that person.

z

706

Ch. 50

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Section 44.

FIFTH SCHEDULE Repeals Part I

Enactments repealed

Session and Chapter

Short Title

Extent of Repeal

7 Edw. 7. c. 9.

The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907.

7 A 8 Geo. 5.

c. 51.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 37.

14 A15 Geo. 5. c. 15.

The Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917.

The Territorial Army and Militia Act, 1921.

The Auxiliary Air Force and Air Force Reserve

The whole Act, except subsection (1) of section twenty-three, subsection (1) of section twenty-eight, sections thirty-six and forty-one, and the First Schedule.

In section six, subsection (1).

Section one.

Section five.

ll&12 Geo.6.

c. 64.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 96.

Act, 1924.

The National Service Act, 1948.

The Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949.

In section twenty-six, subsection (5).

Sections one to six; section seventeen so far as it relates to the Territorial Army; in section eighteen, subsection (2); and the First Schedule

so far as it relates to the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907.

Part II

Orders in Council revoked

Reference Tide Extent of revocation

.R. A0.1924 The Auxiliary Air Force The whole Order, except so far

No. 1212. Order, 1924. as it applies subsection (1) of section twenty-three of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, to the Royal Auxiliary Air Force.

.R. A0.1927 No. 1081. The Auxiliary Air Force Order, 1927. The whole Order.

.I. 1949 The National Service In Part II of the Schedule to

No. 1844. (Adaptation of Enactments) (Military and Air Forces) Order, 1949. the Order, paragraphs 11 to 18.

.I. 1950 No. 834. The Royal Auxiliary Air Force Order, 1950. The whole Order.

.I. 1950 No. 1043. The Royal Auxiliary Air Force (No. 2) Order, 1950. The whole Order.

1953

Auxiliary Forces , 1953

Ch. 50, 51

707

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act

Short Title

Interpretation Act, 1889

Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917

Auxiliary Air Force and Air Force Reserve Act 1924

Session and Chapter

. 52 & 53 Vict. c. 63.

. 7 Edw. 7. c. 9.

. 7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 51.

! 14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 15.

Armed Forces (Conditions of Service) Act, 1939 Military and Air Forces (Prolongation of Service)

Act, 1939

Statutory Instruments Act, 1946

Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

National Service Act, 1948

Consolidation of Enactments (Procedure) Act, 1949

Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 68.

2 A 3 Geo. 6. c. 90.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 36.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 64.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 33.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 96.

Justices of the Peace Act, 1949

... 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6.

c. 101.

Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Training) Act

1951

Magistrates’ Courts Act, 1952

. 14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 23.

. 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 55.

CHAPTER 51

Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission Act, 1953 Section ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS

1. Chairman and deputy chairmen of Commission.

2. Exercise of functions of Commission by groups of members.

3. Expenses.

4. Short title, citation and construction.

Schedules:

First Schedule.—Pensions and Other Benefits for Chairman and Deputy Chairmen of Commission.

Second Schedule.—Supplementary Provisions relating to s. 2.

An Act to make provision for a chairman and deputy chairmen of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission, and for the tenure of office and superannuation benefits of the chairman and deputy chairmen thereof; to enable functions of the Commission to be exercised by groups of its members; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[29th October 1953.]

Z2

708 Ch. 51 Monopolies and Restrictive 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Practices Commission Act, 1953

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Board of Trade shall appoint one of the members of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission (hereinafter referred to as " the Commission ") to be chairman of the Commission and may appoint not more than three of the other members to be deputy chairmen thereof.

(2) The chairman or any deputy chairman of the Commission appointed under this section shall (save as hereinafter provided) vacate office on the completion of the year of service in the course of which he attains the age of seventy years, and may resign his office at any earlier time by notice in writing to the Board of Trade; and the chairman or any deputy chairman shall be removable by the Board of Trade if in the opinion of the Board he becomes incapable of performing his duties as such or on the ground of misbehaviour:

Provided however that the Board of Trade may by notice in writing given to the chairman or any deputy chairman not less than one month nor more than twelve months before he would otherwise under the foregoing provisions of this'subsection have vacated office extend his term of service for a further period not exceeding two years and that such an extension may from time to time by notice similarly given be renewed for one or more successive periods none of which shall exceed two years.

(3) At any time when the chairman of the Commission is absent or otherwise incapable of acting, or there is a vacancy in the office of chairman,—

(a) such one of the deputy chairmen as the Board of Trade may direct or in default of any such direction such one of them as they may agree, or (b)if there is then only one deputy chairman of the Commission, the deputy chairman, may exercise any of the functions of chairman of the Commission

(4) At any time when every person who is chairman or deputy chairman of the Commission is absent or otherwise incapable of acting, or there is no such person, such member of the Commission as the Board of Trade may direct, or in default of any such direction such member of the Commission as the Commission may agree, may exercise any of the functions of chairman of the Commission.

(5) The provisions of the First Schedule to this Act shall have effect as to pensions and other benefits payable to or in respect of a person who has held the office of chairman or deputy chairman of the Commission.

Chairman and deputy chairmen of Commission.

le

1953

Monopolies and Restrictive

Practices Commission , 1953

CH. 51

709

(6) Subsection (3) of section one of the Monopolies and U & 12 Geo. 6. Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and Control) Act, 1948 (hereinafter c-66-referred to as "the principal Act") shall not apply to the chairman or a deputy chairman of the Commission appointed under this Act, and subsection (4) of the said section one is hereby repealed, but without prejudice to any direction thereunder having effect immediately before the passing of this Act.

2.—(1) For the purpose of enabling the functions of the Exercise of Commission to be exercised, in accordance with the following functions of provisions of this section, in relation to different matters by by gl^ups0" separate groups of members of the Commission working at the of membere. same time, the maximum number of the members of the Commission shall be increased to twenty-five; and accordingly in subsection (2) of section one of the principal Act for the word "ten " there shall be substituted the words " twenty-five

(2) On any reference to the Commission made, whether before or after the passing of this Act, under section two or twelve of the principal Act (which relate respectively to investigation as to the prevalence of conditions to which the principal Act applies and as to the extent to which recommendations for dealing with such conditions have been carried out) the investigation of the matter or question referred to the Commission shall, if the chairman of the Commission so directs, be made or (if any stage of the investigation has been begun before the direction is given) continued, and the report on the said matter or question made, by a group of not less than five members of the Commission selected by the chairman.

(3) Where, whether before or after the passing of this Act, a report has been required from the Commission under section fifteen of the principal Act (which empowers the Board of Trade to require from the Commission reports on the general effect on the public interest of practices of a specified class) the report shall if the chairman of the Commission so directs be made by such a group as aforesaid.

(4) The chairman of the Commission may appoint one of the members of any such group as aforesaid to act as chairman of the group.

(5) Where during the proceedings of any such group as aforesaid any member of the group ceases to be a member of the Commission, or the chairman of the Commission is satisfied that any member of the group will be unable for a substantial period to perform his duties as such, the chairman may appoint another member of the Commission to act in his place.

(6) Where a person is appointed to be a member of the Commission during the proceedings of any such group as aforesaid, the chairman of the Commission may appoint him to be a member of the group.

710 Ch. 51 Monopolies and Restrictive 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Practices Commission , 1953

(7) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, at the invitation of the chairman of any such group as aforesaid any member of the Commission who is not a member of the group may attend meetings and otherwise take part in the proceedings of the group, so, however, that he shall not vote on any matter or question considered by the group; and nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall be taken as preventing any such group, or any member thereof, from consulting any other member of the Commission with respect to any matter or question with which the group is concerned.

(8) The provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act shall have effect for the purposes of this section, and in particular as to the application of the principal Act and other enactments to such groups as aforesaid and the proceedings thereof.

Expenses. 3. There shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament—

(a) any increase attributable to this Act in the sums payable out of such moneys under subsection (6) of section one of the principal Act.

(b) any pension, lump sum, or widow’s or children’s pension payable by virtue of the First Schedule to this Act.

Short title, citation and construction.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission Act, 1953.

(2) The principal Act and this Act may be cited together as the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Acts, 1948 and 1953.

(3) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act

SCHEDULES

Sections 1,3. FIRST SCHEDULE

Pensions and Other Benefits for Chairman and Deputy Chairmen of Commission

1.—(1) The Board of Trade may from time to time make to the Treasury, as respects any holder of the office of chairman or deputy chairman of the Commission, a recommendation that the Treasury shall pay to him an annual sum by way of superannuation allowance on his retirement after not less than five years’ relevant service:

Provided that no such allowance shall be payable if the person to whom the recommendation relates (hereinafter referred to as " the pensioner ") retires before attaining the age of sixty-five years unless the Board are satisfied by means of a medical certificate that at the time of his retirement he was, by reason of infirmity of mind or body, incapable of performing the duties of his office and that the incapacity is likely to be permanent.

1953

Monopolies and Restrictive

Practices Commission , 1953

Ch. 51

711

(2) The said annual sum shall be a sum not exceeding the proportion of the pensioner’s last annual salary which in the following table corresponds with the number of the pensioner's completed years of relevant service.

Years of relevant service Fraction of salary

5 Ten-fortieths

6 Eleven-fortieths

7 Twelve-fortieths

8 Thirteen-fortieths

9 Fourteen-fortieths

10 Fifteen-fortieths

11 Sixteen-fortieths

12 Seventeen-fortieths

13 Eighteen-fortieths

14 Nineteen-fortieths

15 or more Twenty-fortieths

(3) The decision of the Treasury shall be final on any question arising as to—

(a) the amount of any. superannuation allowance under this paragraph, or

(b) the reckoning of any service for the purpose of calculating such an allowance.

2. Sections two to eight of the Administration of Justice (Pensions) Act, 1950 (which provide for the payment of lump sums on retirement c. or death, and of widows' or children's pensions, in the case of persons eligible for pensions for service in any of the capacities listed in the First Schedule to that Act) shall have effect as if—

(a) the capacity of chairman and of deputy chairman of the Com-

mission were listed in the First Schedule to that Act, and

(b) in relation to those capacities the expression " relevant

service'' in the said provisions of the said Act of 1950 had the same meaning as in this Schedule, and section seventeen of the said Act of 1950 (which provides that the grant under that Act of a lump sum or a widows' or children's pension conditional on eligibility for a pension requiring the recommendation of a Minister shall require the like recommendation) shall have effect as if the expression " Minister " included the Board of Trade.

3. —(1) In this Schedule the expression " relevant service *' means—

(a) in relation to the chairman of the Commission, service as

chairman or deputy chairman of the Commission or pensionable service in any such other capacity under the Crown as may be prescribed,

(b) in relation to a deputy chairman of the Commission, service as

deputy chairman of the Commission or pensionable service in any such other capacity under the Crown as may be prescribed.

(2) In this paragraph the expression " pensionable service " means service reckonable for any pension, superannuation or other retiring allowance, or gratuity.

1st Sch. —cont.

& 15 Geo. 6. 11.

712 Ch. 51 Monopolies and Restrictive 1 & 2 Eliz. 2 Practices Commission , 1953

ITT SCH. —cont. (3) In this paragraph the expression " prescribed " means prescribed by regulations made by the Treasury by statutory instrument subject to annulment in pursuance of a resolution of either House of Parliament; and regulations undei this paragraph— (a) may be made generally or subject to specified exceptions or in relation to specified cases or classes of case; (b) may provide that in calculating relevant service either the whole of a person’s prescribed service of any description shall be taken into account or such part thereof only as may be determined by or under the regulations; (c) may make different provision for different cases or classes of case.

Section 2. SECOND SCHEDULE

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 87. Supplementary Provisions relating to . 2 1. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this paragraph, the principal Act and sections forty and forty-three of the Patents Act, 1949 (which relate to the compulsory modification of conditions in licences granted under a patent and the compulsory grant of such licences where, amongst other things, the Commission have reported that the conditions to which the principal Act applies prevail in relation to patented goods and processes) shall apply in relation to a report made by a group in pursuance of section two of this Act as they apply in relation to a report of the Commission. (2) For the purposes of section ten of the principal Act (which confers power on a competent authority to take action in consequence of a report of the Commission) and of sections forty and forty-three of the Patents Act, 1949, a conclusion contained in a report made as aforesaid shall be disregarded if it is not the conclusion of at least two-thirds of the members of the group. 2. —(1) Without prejudice to the provisions of sub-paragraph (2) of the foregoing paragraph, the quorum necessary for any meeting of a group in pursuance of section two of this Act shall be such as the group may from time to time determine. (2) In the case of an equality of votes on any question at any such meeting of a group, the person acting as chairman at the meeting shall have a second or casting vote. 3. Subsection (3) of section three of the principal Act (which confers on the Commission power to distinguish between different forms of supply of goods) shall apply in relation to a group acting in pursuance of subsection (2) of section two of this Act as it applies in relation to the Commission. 4. Where under section six of the principal Act the Board of Trade vary any reference of a matter to the Commission for investigation or report (whether the variation is made by virtue of subsection (4) of the said section six or of that subsection as extended by subsection (5) thereof), and before the variation was made the chairman of the Commission has directed that the investigation or further investigation and the report on the reference is to be made by a group, the

1953

Monopolies and Restrictive

Practises Commission Act, 1953

Ch. 51, 52

713

investigation and report on the reference as varied shall be made either by that group or by another group or by the Commission as the chairman may direct.

5. Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph 1 of this Schedule, section seven of the principal Act (which prescribes the duties of the Commission on a reference) shall apply in relation to a group acting in pursuance of subsection (2) of section two of this Act as it applies in relation to the Commission.

6. Section eight of the principal Act (which contains provision as to the procedure and powers of the Commission on a reference) shall apply in relation to a group acting in pursuance of subsection (2) of section two of this Act as it applies in relation to the Commission:

Provided that the functions of the group under the said section eight shall be exercised subject to any specific or general directions which may from time to time be given by the Commission and subject to any general direction given to the Commission by the Board of Trade under subsection (6) of the said section eight.

7. Section seventeen of the principal Act (which contains restrictions on disclosure of information) shall apply as if references therein to the Commission included references to a group acting in pursuance of section two of this Act.

8. Subsection (3) of section twenty of the principal Act (which provides for the Commission’s applying such criteria as appear to them most suitable in all the circumstances for determining whether goods amount to at least one-third of all goods of a given description) shall apply in relation to a group acting in pursuance of subsection (2) of section two of this Act as it applies in relation to the Commission.

CHAPTER 52

Enemy Property Act, 1953 ARRANGEMENT OF SECTIONS Part I

General Provisions as to Enemy Property and Section Property treated as Enemy Property

1. Circumstances in which ss. 2 and 3 are to apply.

2. Provisions as to making of certain payments and withholding of

payments.

3. Provisions as to other dealings with property.

4. Income from moneys invested by custodian.

5. Interpretation of Part I and provisions as to evidence.

Part II

Special Provisions as respects Germany

6. Infringements of copyright.

7. Infringements of patents and registered designs.

8. Crown use of patented inventions and registered designs.

9. Disclosure of inform tion about inventions, etc., in breach of contract.

10. Property allocated by way of reparation from Germany.

11. Other property seized from Germany.

12. Meaning of " German enemy " and " German enemy interest ".

13. Interpretation of Part II.

Z*

2nd Sch. —coni.

714

Ch. 52

Enemy Property , 1953

1 & 2 Euz 2

Circumstances in which ss. 2 and 3 are to apply.

Part III

Section Supplementary

14. General provision as to certificates.

15. Interpretation.

16. Application to Isle of Man and Channel Islands.

17. Operation of Act as respects pending proceedings, etc.

18. Short title and extent.

An Act to make provision as respects things done, in relation to enemy property or property treated as enemy property, in excess of the powers conferred by the law relating to trading with the enemy, and as respects income from moneys invested by custodians of enemy property; as respects copyrights, rights in inventions and designs, and other rights in or in connection with which German enemy interests subsisted, or were properly treated as subsisting, during the period of the war with Germany, as respects property allocated by way of reparation from Germany and as respects other property seized from Germany; and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[29th October 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I

General Provisions as to Enemy Property and Property Treated as Enemy Property

1.—(1) The two next following sections shall have effect as respects the making or withholding of payments as therein mentioned, and as respects other dealings with property as therein mentioned, at a time within the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with the passing of this Act, where the payment was so made or withheld, or the property was so dealt with, either—

(a) by a competent authority acting in good faith and purporting to act under the Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939 (hereinafter referred to as " the Act of 1939 ") or orders made thereunder, or by such an authority acting in good faith and with intent to give effect, so far as practicable, to the purposes of section seven of that Act (which relates to the collection of enemy debts and custody of enemy property) or to prevent that Act from being contravened, or

1953 Enemy Property Act, 1953 Ch. 52

(b) by any person acting in good faith and in purported compliance with a restriction or obligation imposed by or under the Act of 1939, or

(c) by any person acting in good faith and in pursuance of

a direction or request given or made by a competent authority purporting to act under the Act of 1939 or orders made thereunder, or given or made by a competent authority acting with such an intent as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(2) For the purposes of those sections anything done by a competent authority, or by any person in purported compliance with a restriction or obligation imposed by or under the Act of 1939 or in pursuance of a direction or request of a competent authority, shall be deemed to have been done in good faith unless the contrary is proved.

2.—(1) Where at a time within the period mentioned in the foregoing section—

(a) a payment was made by or on behalf of any person to a

competent authority, or

(b) a payment was withheld (whether by way of refusal or

of omission to make the payment) by or on behalf of any person, or

(c) a payment was made by a competent authority to or for

the benefit of a person as being the person who, but for the Act of 1939 or any order made thereunder, would have been entitled thereto,

then, if the payment was made or withheld in the circumstances specified in paragraph (a), (b)or (c) of subsection (1) of the foregoing section, it shall be deemed to have been authorised by the Act of 1939 notwithstanding that apart from this section it was not so authorised, and, in the case of a payment made as mentioned in paragraph (a) of this subsection, the making thereof shall be deemed to have operated, so far as the amount thereof extended, as a release of the person by or on whose behalf it was made.

(2) Where, in the case of a payment made as mentioned in paragraph (a) or (c) of the last foregoing subsection, the payment (apart from that subsection) was not authorised by or under the Act of 1939—

(a) if the payment was a payment to a competent authority as mentioned in the said paragraph (a), nothing in that subsection shall be construed as preventing that authority from paying the amount thereof, or any part of that amount, to or for the benefit of any person to or for whose benefit the amount or part could lawfully have been paid apart from this section;

Z* 2

715

Part I

—cont.

Provisions as to making of certain payments and withholding of payments.

716

Part 1'

—com

Provisions as to other dealings with property.

Ch. 52 Enemy Property , 1953 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

(b) if the payment was a payment by a competent authority as mentioned in the said paragraph (c), nothing in that subsection shall prevent that authority from exercising any right of recovery in respect of the payment, being a right exercisable apart from this section.

3,—(1) Where at a time within the period mentioned in section one of this Act any property was dealt with in any way other than the making or withholding of a payment as mentioned in the last foregoing section, and, whether by reason that the property was not enemy property at that time or for any other reason, the person who so dealt with the property was not empowered, as against all persons interested in the property, to deal with it in that way, then, if the property was so dealt with in the circumstances specified in paragraph (a), ( ) or (c) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act, the person who so dealt with it shall be deemed, as against all persons interested therein, to have been empowered by the Act of 1939 to deal with it in that way:

Provided that in a case falling within either of the two next following subsections the property shall not be deemed to have vested in the transferee otherwise than as mentioned in those subsections.

(2) If the dealing in question purported to be a transfer of the property on a sale thereof, the property shall be deemed to have vested in the transferee in accordance with the terms of the purported transfer, subject however to any incumbrances to which it would have been subject in his hands if it had then been lawfully transferred to him in those terms on a sale by the person entitled to the property.

(3) If the dealing purported to be a transfer of the property by a custodian to or for the benefit of a person as being the person who, but for the Act of 1939 or any order made thereunder, would have been entitled thereto, subsection (1) of this section shall have effect subject to the provisions of subsection

(5) thereof; but subject to the said subsection (5) the property shall be deemed to have vested in the transferee as mentioned in the last foregoing subsection.

(4) If at the time of the dealing the property was not enemy property—

(a) nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section or in subsection (3) of section seven of the Act of 1939 (which subsection validated certain dealings with property erroneously treated as enemy property) shall operate in relation to that dealing so as to prevent a person from recovering the property or any proceeds

1953

Enemy Property , 1953

Ch. 52

717

thereof from a competent authority who for the time Part I being has the property or proceeds in his possession or —com. under his control, and .

(b) nothing in the foregoing provisions of this section shall defeat any right of recovering the property or any proceeds thereof from an administrator of enemy property, being a right exercisable in accordance with any of the post-war enactments relating to enemy property.

(5) Where the dealing was one falling within subsection (3) of this section, nothing in that subsection or in subsection (1) of this section shall affect any right of recovery from the transferee of property remaining vested in him, or of recovery from the transferee or his personal representatives of damages in respect of any dealing with the property, being a right which would be exercisable apart from this section; and if immediately before the dealing there subsisted in respect of the property a trust of which the person to or for whose benefit the transfer purported to be made was a trustee, nothing in the said subsection (1) or subsection (3) shall be construed as affecting that trust or any right or interest thereunder.

(6) If at the time of the dealing the property was enemy property, and in consequence of the dealing the property or any proceeds thereof came into the possession or under the control of a custodian, then for the purposes of the post-war enactments relating to enemy property the property or proceeds shall be deemed thereupon to have become vested in the custodian by virtue of section seven of the Act of 1939, and to have continued to be so vested while remaining in his possession or under his control.

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, any income Income from received by a custodian from the investment of moneys coming into his hands (whether in pursuance of the Act of 1939 or ^todian. otherwise) in his capacity as custodian, being income received by way of discount on the purchase by him of Treasury Bills <or by way of interest on other loans made by him to the Treasury or on moneys placed by him in his name on deposit or current account at a bank, shall belong to the Crown and be paid into the Exchequer.

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall be deemed to have had effect as from the coming into operation of the Trading with the Enemy (Custodian) Order, 1939, so however that it shall not be construed as authorising or requiring the repayment of any sums paid by a custodian before the passing of this Act otherwise than into the Exchequer.

718

Ch. 52

Enemy Property Act, 1953 1 & 2 Elk. 2

Part 1

—con/.

(3) Where a custodian, whether after or before the passing of this Act, pays or has paid to any person a capital sum on the footing that—

(a) it represents or represented money which was paid to

the custodian as being money due to an enemy, but which was not in fact money due to an enemy, or

(b) it represents or represented the proceeds of property which was transferred to the custodian as being enemy property, but which was not in fact enemy property,

the person to whom the capital sum is or was paid shall be entitled to receive from the custodian interest thereon at the rate of three-quarters of one per cent, per annum from the date on which the custodian received the money referred to in paragraph

(a) of this subsection or the proceeds referred to in paragraph

(b) thereof, as the case may be, to the date of payment of the capital sum:

Provided that—

(i) where the payment of the capital sum was made before

the passing of this Act, the right to interest thereon under this subsection shall not arise unless a claim for it in writing is made to the custodian within one year from the date of the passing of this Act and there is produced to the custodian such evidence in support of the claim as the custodian may reasonably require; and

(ii) where in such a case the person to whom the capital

sum was paid has since died, or any other event has occurred whereby the right to the interest, if vested in him immediately before that event, would thereupon have vested in some other person, the right to claim the interest shall be treated as having devolved as if that right had been vested in him immediately before his death or immediately before that event, as the case may be, and, if the right is duly exercised, die interest shall be paid to the persons claiming under him accordingly.

(4) For the purpose of making payments of interest under the last foregoing subsection a custodian who at the passing of this Act has in his hands, or thereafter receives, any income such as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section shall set aside out of that income such sums as the Treasury may from time to time direct; and out of any sums so set aside the custodian shall pay any interest becoming payable by him under the last foregoing subsection and shall pay the balance thereof (if any) into the Exchequer.

(5) In this section the expression " money due to an enemy " means money which would, but for the existence of a state of war, have been payable to or for the benefit of a person who was an enemy within the meaning of the Act of 1939.

1953

Enemy Property Act, 1953

Ch. 52

719

5.—(1) In this Part of this Act the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" administrator of enemy property " means an administrator appointed under any of the post-war enactments relating to enemy property;

"competent authority" means the Board of Trade, the Treasury or any person appointed by the Board of Trade or the Treasury to discharge any function under the Act of 1939;

" custodian " means a custodian of enemy property appointed under section seven of the Act of 1939;

" dealing ", in relation to any property, includes the taking of any step, or any omission or refusal to take a step, in relation to the property;

" enemy property " means any property for the time being belonging to or held or managed on behalf of an enemy or an enemy subject, and for the purposes of this definition the expressions " enemy " and " enemy subject " have the same meanings as for the purposes of the Act of 1939;

"the post-war enactments relating to enemy property" means the Treaties of Peace (Italy, Roumania, Bulgaria, Hungary and Finland) Act, 1947, the Distribution of German Enemy Property Act, 1949, and the Japanese Treaty of Peace Act, 1951, and any Order in Council made under any of those Acts; and " transfer " includes conveyance and assignment, and " transferee " shall be construed accordingly.

(2) References in this Part of this Act to the payment of money or transfer of property by an authority to or for the benefit of a person include references to the payment or transfer thereof by that authority to a person appearing to that authority to be authorised by the said person to receive it.

(3) For the purposes of this Part of this Act a certificate issued by or on behalf of the Board of Trade or the Treasury, stating—

(a) that, in the case of a specified payment or dealing with

property by a specified authority, that authority was acting with such intent as is mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section one of this Act, or

(b) that a specified payment or dealing with property by a

specified person was a payment or dealing in pursuance of a direction or request of a specified authority and that the direction or request was given or made as mentioned in paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of that section, or

Part I —com. Interpretation of Part I and provisions as to evidence.

720

Ch. 52

Enemy Property , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part I (c) that a specified payment or transfer of property by a

~~cont' specified authority was made to or for the benefit of

a specified person as being the person who would have been entitled to the property but for the Act of 1939 or any order made thereunder,

shall in any proceedings be sufficient evidence of the facts so stated except to any extent to which the certificate is shown to be incorrect.

Part II

Special Provisions as Respects Germany

Infringements 6.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect where at

of copyright, any time within the war period—

(a) a person acting in good faith on behalf of the Crown,

or a person authorised by a person so acting, did anything the doing of which was an infringement of the copyright in a work, or

(b) a person acting in good faith on behalf of the Crown or on behalf of a Power allied with His late Majesty, or a person authorised by a person so acting, brought into any part of His Majesty's dominions, without infringing copyright, or brought into the territory of any Power allied as aforesaid, a work in which copyright then subsisted or a copy of such a work,

and at the time of the taking of the action described in paragraph (a) or (b) of this subsection, as the case may be (in this section referred to as " the relevant action "), there subsisted in the copyright an interest which either was then a German enemy interest or was properly treated as a German enemy interest by the person by whom or under whose authority the relevant action was taken:

Provided that the said provisions shall not have effect if the copyright in question came into existence on or after the twenty-ninth day of March, nineteen hundred and forty-nine.

(2) In a case falling within paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection the relevant action shall, as against any person claiming in right of the interest mentioned in that subsection, be deemed not to have been an infringement of the copyright.

(3) In a case falling within either paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of this section—

(a) if at the time of the relevant action the interest mentioned in that subsection was the only interest subsisting in the copyright, the copyright shall be deemed to have been extinguished on the taking of that action;

1953

Enemy Property , 1953

Ch. 52

721

(b) in any other case the said interest shall be deemed Part n

to have been extinguished on the taking of the relevant —com.

action.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section an interest in the copyright in a work shall be deemed to have been properly treated by a person as a German enemy interest if, at the time when the relevant action was taken, the work or a copy thereof was in that person’s possession or under his control in consequence of the removal of the work or a copy thereof from Germany:

Provided that an interest shall not be deemed to have been so treated if the relevant action was taken in circumstances affording reasonable grounds for believing that the interest was not a German enemy interest.

(5) For the purposes of this section a certificate issued by or on behalf of the Minister or Board in charge of any Government department stating, as respects the doing of anything specified in die certificate in relation to a work so specified,—

(a) that it was done by or under the authority of a person

acting on behalf of the Crown or of a Power so specified, or

(b) that it was done as aforesaid and that at the time when

it was done the work or a copy thereof was in the said person’s possession or under his control in consequence of the removal of the work or a Copy thereof from Germany,

shall in any proceedings be sufficient evidence of the facts so stated except to any extent to which the certificate is shown to be incorrect.

(6) For the purposes of this section any person who, in doing or authorising the doing of anything, was acting on behalf of the Crown or of a Power allied with His late Majesty shall be deemed so to have acted in good faith unless the contrary is proved.

(7) In this section the expression "copy", in relation to a work, means any document or thing recording or reproducing, in any material form whatsoever, the whole or a substantial part of that work.

7.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, where at any infringements time within the war period anything was done so as to infringe of patents and a patent, or so as to infringe the copyright in a registered design, registered and at that time there subsisted in the patent or registered design designs* an interest which was then a German enemy interest, the patent or copyright shall, as against any person claiming in right of that interest, be deemed not to have been infringed by the doing of that thing.

722

Ch. 52

Enemy Property , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part II (2) The last foregoing subsection shall not apply to an infringe-

—cont. ment of a patent sealed, or of the copyright in a design registered,

in pursuance of an application made on or after the eighth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

(3) In relation to an infringement which occurred at a time when an application for the grant of the patent in question was still pending—

(a) the reference in subsection (1) of this section to an interest then subsisting in the patent shall be construed as a reference to an interest then subsisting in the invention to which the application related, and UA a person claiming in right of an interest in the patent, being an interest which corresponds to an interest which at the time of the infringement subsisted in that invention, shall for the purposes of that subsection be treated as claiming in right of the latter interest.

Crown use of 8.—(1) The provisions of the Patents Act, 1949, and the Regis-

patented tered Designs Act, 1949, as to payment for the use of patented registered inventions and registered designs by or under the authority designs. of Government departments, that is to say—

(a) subsection (3) of section forty-six of the Patents Act,

1949, and sub-paragraph (3) of paragraph 1 of the First Schedule to the Registered Designs Act, 1949, and

(b) any provision of either of those Acts which extends or

modifies the operation of the said subsection (3) or sub-paragraph (3) or confers a right by reference thereto,

shall have effect subject to the following provisions of this section.

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, no person shall by virtue of the said provisions of those Acts be entitled to any payment, or part of a payment, in respect of the use of a patented invention or registered design at any time within, or after the end of, the war period (whether before or after the passing of this Act), if and so far as his claim thereto is a claim in right of an interest in the relevant patent or in the registered design, being an interest which was a German enemy interest at any time within the war period.

(3) The last foregoing subsection shall not affect any claim in respect of the use of a patented invention or of a registered design, if the relevant patent was sealed, or the design registered, in pursuance of an application made on or after the eighth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-eight.

(4) Where in accordance with the said provisions a sum would apart from this section be divisible between two or more persons.

1953

Enemy Property , 1953

Ch. 52

723

the operation of subsection (2) of this section in relation to any one or more of those persons shall not affect the right of any other of them to receive the amount which would be payable to him if that subsection did not have that operation, and references in those provisions to the division of a sum shall be construed accordingly.

(5) Where in accordance with the said provisions a licensee would apart from this section be entitled to recover from a patentee or registered proprietor an amount representing a part of payments required under those provisions to be made by a Government department, and by reason of subsection (2) of this section the claim of the patentee or registered proprietor to those payments is wholly or partly barred, then so far as the claim of the licensee is not itself barred by that subsection he shall be entitled to recover that amount as follows, that is to say—

(a) if the claim of the patentee or registered proprietor is

wholly barred, the licensee shall be entitled to recover that amount from the Government department in question;

(b) if the claim of the patentee or registered proprietor is

partly barred, the right of the licensee to recover from him shall abate accordingly and the licensee shall be entitled to recover the balance of the amount from the Government department.

(6) If and so far as any person, notwithstanding the repeal of sections twenty-nine and fifty-eight A of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, would apart from this section be entitled to any payment by virtue of the said section twenty-nine or of that section as extended by the said section fifty-eight A, references in this section to the said provisions of the said Acts of 1949 shall be construed, in relation to any claim to that payment, as references to the corresponding provisions of the said section twenty-nine or of that section as so extended, as the case may be.

(7) In this section the expression " interest," in relation to a patent or registered design, includes such rights in relation thereto as, apart from this section, an assignor would have by virtue of subsection (3) of section forty-seven of the Patents Act, 1949, or subparagraph (3) of paragraph 2 of the First Schedule to the Registered Designs Act, 1949 (of which the former relates to cases where a patent, or the right to apply for or obtain a patent, has been assigned to a patentee in consideration of royalties or other benefits determined by reference to the use of the invention, and the latter relates to the corresponding assignments of registered designs and of rights to apply for or obtain registration of designs).

Part n

—cont.

724

Ch. 52

Enemy Property , 1953

1 & 2 Buz. 2

Part n

—C0«/.

Disclosure of

information

about

inventions,

etc., in

breach of

contract.

9.—(1) Where at any time within the war period a person disclosed or supplied to any other person any information, model or document relating to an invention, design or process, and did so—

(a) at the request of a Government department, and for a purpose which appeared to that department to be in the interests of the defence of the realm or otherwise in the public interest, but (b) in breach of a contract in respect of which there was at that time a German enemy covenantee, no legal proceedings shall be brought or prosecuted in respect of that breach of contract by the German enemy covenantee or by any person claiming under him.

(2) For the purposes of this section a certificate signed by a Minister of the Crown stating that, in disclosing or supplying to any person any information, model or document specified in the certificate, a person so specified was acting at the request of a Government department so specified, and for a purpose which appeared to that department to be in the interests of the defence of the realm or otherwise in the public interest, shall in any proceedings be conclusive evidence of the facts so stated.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as derogating from the provisions of any other enactment or of any Defence Regulations as to the use or disclosure of information, models or documents relating to inventions, designs or processes.

(4) In this section the expression "German enemy covenantee " means a person who, being a German enemy at the time of the breach of contract in question, was then entitled to enforce the contract or would have been so entitled if he had not been a German enemy, and references to the bringing of proceedings include references to the setting up in any proceedings of any claim by way of counterclaim or set-off.

Property allocated by way of reparation from Germany.

10.—(1) The following provisions of this section shall have effect as respects property allocated by the Inter-Allied Reparation Agency by way of reparation from Germany, being property of a description to which this section applies which was so allocated to one or other of the Governments which were parties to the Paris Agreement on Reparation; and in those provisions references to the allocation of property are references to the allocation thereof as aforesaid, and references to the recipient Government, in relation to any property, are references to the Government to which that property was so allocated and include references to any department or agency of that Government

(2) Subject to the next following subsection, all rights and interests subsisting to or in such property immediately before the allocation thereof, any cause of action then subsisting in

1953

Enemy Property , 1953

Ch. 52

725

respect of the property, and any trust or contract then affecting the property or the use thereof, shall be deemed to have been extinguished upon the allocation of the property.

(3) The last foregoing subsection shall not affect any right, interest or cause of action which the recipient Government had in respect of the property immediately before it was allocated or which that Government acquired by virtue of the allocation or of anything done in pursuance thereof; and, in the case of property which was disposed of by the recipient Government before it was allocated, the last foregoing subsection shall not affect any right or interest, cause of action, trust or contract which came into existence by virtue of or subsequently to that disposition.

(4) As regards property allocated to His late Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom the following provisions shall have effect (but without prejudice to any title or claim of the Crown to or in respect of any such property apart from those provisions), that is to say—

(a) any such property which was in the possession of a

department of that Government at the time when it was so allocated shall be deemed thereupon to have vested in that department on behalf of the Crown;

(b) any such property which came into the possession of

a department of that Government in consequence of its having been so allocated shall be deemed to have vested in that department on behalf of the Crown at the time when it so came into the possession of that department; and

(c) any such property which was disposed of by such a

department before it was so allocated shall be deemed to have been vested in that department on behalf of the Crown immediately before that disposition thereof.

(5) For the purposes of this section a certificate issued by or on behalf of the Minister or Board in charge of a Government department (in this subsection referred to as "the certifying department ") with respect to any property specified in the certificate, being property which at the date of issue of the certificate is in the possession of the certifying department or has before that date been disposed of by 'that department, stating that the property was allocated to His late Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom on a date so specified, with or without the further statement either that the property was at the date of allocation thereof in the possession of the certifying department or that the property came into the possession of that department on a date so specified in consequence of

Part n

—corn.

726

Ch. 52

Enemy Property Act, 1953

1 &2EUZ.2

Part U its having been so allocated, shall in any proceedings be sufficient

—con/. evidence of the facts so stated except to any extent to which the

certificate is shown to be incorrect.

(6) This section applies to the following descriptions of property, that is to say—

(a) plant, equipment, ships, aircraft and other chattels; and

(b) currency (in die form of notes or coins) of any of the following countries, namely Sweden, Portugal, Switzerland, Turkey and Spain.

In the application of this subsection to Scotland the expression " chattels " means corporeal moveables.

(7) In this section—

(a) references to the Inter-Allied Reparation Agency are

references to the agency established in pursuance of the Paris Agreement on Reparation, and references to that agreement are references to the agreement on reparation from Germany and other matters which was concluded at Paris in the year nineteen hundred and forty-six;

(b) references to property’s being disposed of are references to any disposition or purported disposition thereof by way of sale, gift, exchange, lease or letting on hire or charter; and

(c) references to property's being in or coming into the

possession of a Government department include references to its being or, as the case may be, coming under the control of that department, and references to the vesting of property in a Government department are references to the vesting thereof in the Minister or Board in charge of that department.

Other property seized from Germany.

11.—(1) As regards property of any description to which the last foregoing section does not apply, and as regards property of any description to which that section does apply but which has not been allocated as mentioned in subsection (1) of that section, being in either case property seized from Germany which was at any time within the war period imported into the United Kingdom by or under the authority of a Government department, the following provisions shall have effect (but without prejudice to any title or claim of the Crown to or in respect of any such property apart from those provisions), that is to say—

(a) the property shall be deemed to have been vested in that department on behalf of the Crown at the time when it was imported as aforesaid; and

1953

Enemy Property , 1953

Ch. 52

727

(b) subject to the last foregoing paragraph, all rights and Part II interests subsisting to or in the property immediately before it was so imported, any cause of action then subsisting in respect of the property, and any trust or contract then affecting the property or the use thereof, shall be deemed to have been extinguished upon the importation of the property as aforesaid.

(2) The last foregoing subsection shall have effect in relation to bearer certificates, and in relation to sterling currency (in the form of notes or coins), as if the war period had continued up to, and ended with, the passing of this Act; and, in the application of that subsection to bearer certificates, the references in paragraphs (a) and (b)to the property shall be construed as references both to the certificates and to the securities to which the certificates related.

In this subsection the expressions " bearer certificate " and " securities " have the same meanings as in the Exchange Control Act, 1947.

(3) For the purposes of this section a certificate issued by or on behalf of the Minister or Board in charge of a Government department with respect to any property specified in the certificate, being property which at the date of issue of the certificate is in the possession of that department or has before that date been disposed of by that department, stating that the property was seized from Germany and. was on a date so specified, or at a time between dates so specified, imported into the United Kingdom by or under the authority of that department, with or without the further statement that the property has not been allocated as mentioned in subsection (1) of the last foregoing section, shall in any proceedings be sufficient evidence of the facts so stated, except to any extent to which the certificate is shown to be incorrect.

(4) Paragraphs (b) and (c) of subsection (7) of the last foregoing section shall apply for the purposes of this section.

12.—(1) In this Part of this Act the expression "German Meaning of enemy ", in relation to any time within the war period, means " German any of the following, that is to say— ^German™*

(a) the German State; enemy

(b) an individual being a German national— interest".

(i) resident in Germany or in enemy territory other than Germany, or

(ii) deemed for the time being to be an enemy for the purposes of the Act of 1939 by virtue of an order made under subsection (2) of section two of that Act;

(c) a body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate,

being a body incorporated or constituted in, or under the laws of, Germany;

728

Ch. 52

Enemy Property , 1953

1 & 2 Euz.2

Part II () a body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate,

—com. being a body controlled by the German State or by

such an individual or body as is mentioned in either of the two last foregoing paragraphs, and the expression " German enemy interest ", in relation to any time within the war period, means an interest then belonging to, or held on behalf of, a German enemy or belonging to, or held on behalf of, two or more persons of whom any one was then a German enemy.

(2) For the purposes of this section an area shall be deemed to have been enemy territory—

(a) at any time, if it was then under the sovereignty of, or in the occupation of, a Power with whom His late Majesty was then at war and was not then in the occupation of His Majesty or of a Power allied with His Majesty;

(b) at any time, if it was then an area specified in an order for the time being in force under subsection (1A) of section fifteen of the Act of 1939;

(c) at any time on or after the twenty-eighth day of September, nineteen hundred and forty-four, if it was on that day under the sovereignty of a Power with whom His late Majesty was at war on that day, unless at the time in question, by virtue of an order in force under the proviso to Regulation seven of the Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, it was directed to be treated for all the purposes of the Act of 1939 as not being enemy territory.

(3) A certificate issued by or on behalf of a Secretary of State that an area specified in the certificate was at a time so specified under the sovereignty of, or in the occupation of, a Power with whom His late Majesty was then at war, or that an area so specified was at a time so specified in the occupation of His Majesty or of a Power allied with His Majesty, shall for the purposes of this Part of this Act be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in the certificate.

(4) In any case where in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section the operation of any of the foregoing sections of this Part of this Act depends on an individual's having been a German national at a particular time, and he is proved to have been resident in Germany at that time, he shall, unless the contrary is shown, be deemed to have been a German national at that time.

Interpretation 13.—(1) In this Part of this Act the following expressions

of Part II. have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is

to say: —

" copyright ", except where the reference is to copyright in a registered design, means copyright subsisting by virtue of the Copyright Act, 1911;

1953

Enemy Property , 1953

Ch. 52

729

" German national " does not include any person on whom part n German nationality was conferred in consequence of —com. the inclusion in the German State after the first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight of any territory not comprised therein on that day;

" Germany " means territory comprised in the German State on the first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight;

" person " includes a State, the sovereign of a State, and any body of persons, whether corporate or unincorporate; and

44 the war period " means the period beginning with the third day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-nine and ending with the ninth day of July, nineteen hundred and fifty-one.

(2) In relation to an interest which at a time relevant for the purposes of any provision of this Part of this Act was a German enemy interest, references in that provision to a person claiming in right of that interest include references to a person claiming in right of any interest created immediately or derivatively out of that interest, whether before or after the passing of this Act, except any interest so created—

(a) before the beginning of the war period, or

(b) before the earliest time within that period at which that

interest was a German enemy interest.

(3) Where any provision of this Part of this Act has effect in relation to an interest as being an interest properly treated as a German enemy interest as therein mentioned, the last foregoing subsection shall apply for the purposes of that provision in relation to that interest, but shall so apply as if paragraph ( of that subsection had been omitted.

(4) References in this Part of this Act to interests in a patent, registered design or copyright shall be taken to include any rights conferred by a licence under the patent or registered design or, as the case may be, by a licence in respect of the copyright; but for the purposes of subsection (2) of this section any rights so conferred in the case of a patent, registered design or copyright shall not be treated as being an interest created out of the proprietorship of the patent, design or copyright.

Part III Supplementary

14. Any document purporting to be a certificate issued for the General purposes of this Act and to be so issued by or on behalf of the provision as Minister or Board in charge of a Government department shallto certificates, be received in evidence and shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be a certificate so issued.

730

Ch. 52

Enemy Property , 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Part HI

—cont.

Interpretation.

Application to Isle of Man and Channel Islands.

Operation of Act as respects pending proceedings, etc.

15. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the expression " property " means real or personal property, and includes any estate or interest in real or personal property, any money, any negotiable instrument, debt or other chose in action, and any other right or interest whether in possession or not, the expression " trust " includes any obligation subsisting by virtue of a fiduciary relationship and the expression " trustee " shall be construed accordingly, and references to a Government department and to a Minister of the Crown include respectively references to a department of the Government of Northern Ireland and (in relation to a department of that Government) to a Minister of Northern Ireland.

(2) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Act of 1939 shall be construed as references to that Act as amended by the Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, and as including references to so much of those Regulations as did not consist of amendments of the Act of 1939, references to any enactment not contained in that Act shall be construed as references to that enactment as amended by or under any other enactment, and references to the said Regulations of 1940 shall be construed as references to those Regulations as amended from time to time and as including references to the provisions set out in the Second Schedule to the Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953 (which by section two of that Act were substituted for those Regulations).

(3) In the application of this section to Scotland the expression " real or personal property " means heritable or moveable property and the expression " chose in action " means a right of action or incorporeal moveable.

16. —(1) This Act shall extend to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

(2) References in this Act to the Act of 1939 shall include references to that Act as it extends to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands respectively.

17. —(1) Nothing in this Act shall affect the determination of any proceedings begun before the seventeenth day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-three, or of any appeal, whether brought before or after the passing of this Act, being either—

(a) an appeal against an order made in such proceedings, or (h) an appeal against the decision of an appeal falling within the foregoing paragraph.

(2) Where any proceedings have been begun on or after the said seventeenth day of March but before the passing of this Act, and no final order has been made in the proceedings before the

1953

Enemy Property , 1953

Ch. 52

731

passing of this Act, the foregoing provisions of this Act shall have effect for the purposes of the proceedings notwithstanding that they were not in operation at the time when the proceedings were begun.

(3) Where any proceedings have been begun as mentioned in the last foregoing subsection and a final order has been made in the proceedings before the passing of this Act, then, on the application of any person against whom the order is enforceable, being an application made within three months from the date of the passing of this Act,—

(a) the court by which the order was made, if in its opinion

the order would not have been made, or a different order would have been made, if this Act had been in operation when the proceedings were begun, shall rescind or vary the order accordingly, and

(b) pending the determination of the application, the court

may stay execution on the order, or any proceedings for the enforcement thereof, including any proceedings on any bankruptcy petition or winding-up petition founded on the non-payment of money due under the order.

(4) In this section the expression " order " includes a judgment and references to the making of an order shall be construed accordingly.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland the expression " order " includes a decree, the expression " stay " means sist, and the expression " bankruptcy petition " means a petition for sequestration.

18.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Enemy Property Act, 1953.

(2) It is hereby declared that this Act extends to Northern Ireland.

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act .

I

Short Title

Patents and Designs Act, 1907

Copyright Act, 1911

Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939

Exchange Control Act, 1947

Treaties of Peace (Italy, Roumania, Bulgaria

Hungary and Finland) Act, 1947

Distribution of German Enemy Property Act

Session and Chapter

. 7 Edw. 7. c. 29.

. 1 &2 Geo.5. c.46.

. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 89.

. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 14.

! 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 23.

1949

Patents Act, 1949

Registered Designs Act, 1949 Japanese Treaty of Peace Act, 1951

... 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 85.

... 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 87.

... 12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c.88.

... 15 & 16 Geo. 6.

1 Eliz. 2. c. 6.

Emergency Laws (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 47.

Part ih —cont.

Short title and extent.

732

Ch. 1

Regency A, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

2 Eliz. 2

CHAPTER 1

An Act to provide that, in the event of a Regency becoming necessary under the Regency Act, 1937, His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh shall in certain circumstances be the Regent, to provide that the heir apparent or heir presumptive to the Throne-shall be deemed for the purposes of that Act to be of full age if he or she has attained the age of eighteen years, to add Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother to the persons to whom royal functions may be delegated as Counsellors of State, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[19th November 1953J

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your Majesty’s Royal Message to both Houses of Parliament, has been pleased to recommend that Parliament should consider the expediency of providing that His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh should be the Regent if a child of Your Majesty and His Royal Highness accedes to the Throne while under the age of eighteen years or if a Regency becomes necessary during the lifetime of Your Majesty while there is no child or grandchild of Your Majesty and His Royal Highness who can be the Regent, and also the expediency of amending the law so that the heir apparent or heir presumptive to the Throne should be capable of being Regent if he or she has attained the age of eighteen years:

And whereas Your Majesty by the same Message recommended that Parliament should consider the amendment of the Regency Acts, 1937 and 1943, so as to add Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother to the persons to whom, as Counsellors of State, royal functions can be delegated:

Now, therefore, we. Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

h.r.h. The l.—(l) If a Regency becomes necessary under the Regency

Edinburgh to be Act, *937, on the succession to the Crown of a child of Her Regentlncertain Majesty and His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh while circumstances, under the age of eighteen years, His Royal Highness, if living, 5 5?w- f * shall be the Regent.

1 Geo. 6. c. 16.

1953

Regency Act, 1953

Ch. 1

733

(21 If a Regency becomes necessary under the Regency Act,

1937, during the reign of Her present Majesty, His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, if living, shall be the Regent unless, or (as the case may be) until, there is a child or grandchild of Her Majesty and His Royal Highness who can under the provisions of the said Act be die Regent.

(3) The preceding provisions of this section shall have effect subject to—

(a) subsection (2) of section three of the Regency Act, 1937 (which enumerates the disqualifications for becoming or being Regent), and

(b) subsection (5) of that section (which provides for the case where the Regent is incapacitated by infirmity for performing the royal functions or is not available for the performance of those functions),

but, save as aforesaid, that section shall have effect subject to the preceding provisions of this section.

(4) Where His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh is Regent by virtue of this section, section six of the Regency Act,

1937 (which relates to the appointment of Counsellors of State) shall have effect as if the following provision were substituted for subsection (4) thereof:—

" (4) The provisions of this section shall apply in relation to a Regent with the substitution for references to the Sovereign of references to the Regent and the omission, in subsection (2) thereof, of the reference to the wife or husband of the Sovereign."

2. The heir apparent or heir presumptive to the Throne Amendment of shall be deemed for all the purposes of the Regency Act, 1937,

to be of full age if he or she has attained the age of eighteen years.

3. Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother shall be Queen added to the persons whom subsection (2) of section six of the Elizabeth the Regency Act, 1937 (as set out in section one of the Regency Act, tobeof ° & 1943) requires, subject as therein mentioned, to be the Counsellors Counsellors of State for the purposes of any delegation of royal functions of State* under that section, and accordingly during her life that section

shall have effect as if a reference to her were inserted in subsection (2) thereof next after the reference to the wife or husband of the Sovereign.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Regency Act, 1953, and Short title, shall be construed as one with the Regency Acts, 1937 and 1943, cUaUo^and’ and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Regency repeal Acts, 1937 to 1953.

734

Ch. 1,2

Regency A, 1953

2 Euz.2

(2) In subsection (2a) of section six of the Regency Act, 1937 (set out in section one of the Regency Act, 1943) the words " The heir apparent or heir presumptive to the Throne if not under the age of eighteen years shall not be disqualified from being a Counsellor of State by reason only of his not being of full age, but save as aforesaid" (being words rendered unnecessary by section two of this Act) are hereby repealed.

CHAPTER 2

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four.

[18th December 1953.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Issue of £126,843,450 out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending 31st March, 1954.

Power for the Treasury to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 2.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom and apply towards making good the supply granted to Her Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four, the sum of one hundred and twenty-six million, eight hundred and forty-three thousand, four hundred and fifty pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and twenty-six million, eight hundred and forty-three thousand, four hundred and fifty pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-four, and section six of the Treasury Bills Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills) shall not apply with respect to those bills.

1953

Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1953

Ch. 2,3

735

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding three pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

(5) The interest on any money borrowed under this section shall be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

3. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1953.

CHAPTER 3

An Act to extend the Armed Forces (Housing Loans)

Act, 1949.

[18th December 1953.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, towards providing such sums as may be required for the provision of housing accommodation in Great Britain for married persons serving in, or employed in connection with, the armed forces of thp Crown, have resolved that the Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act, 1949, be amended in manner hereafter mentioned in this Act; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Subsection (1) of section one of the Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act, 1949 (which authorises, subject to certain provisions, the issue from time to time during the five financial years ending on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five, of sums out of the Consolidated Fund not exceeding in the aggregate forty million pounds to be applied as appropriations in aid of moneys provided by Parliament for those years for the provision of approved housing accommodation in Great Britain

Short title.

Amendment of 12. 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 77.

736

Ch. 3,4

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) , 1953

2 Eliz. 2

for married persons serving in, or employed in connection with, the armed forces of the Crown) shall have effect as if—

(a) for the words " five financial years " there were substituted

the words "ten financial years" and for the words " nineteen hundred and fifty-five " there were substituted the words " nineteen hundred and sixty ",

(b) for the words " forty million pounds " there were sub-

stituted the words " seventy-five million pounds

[Short title.] 2. This Act may be cited as the Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act, 1953.

CHAPTER 4

An Act to provide for raising further money for the development of the postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems and of any other business of the Post Office; and for purposes connected with that matter.

[18th December 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant for development of postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems and other Post Office business.

1.—(1) Without prejudice to the exercise of any powers previously given for the like purpose, the Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof (hereafter in this Act referred to as " the Consolidated Fund ") such sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred and twenty-five million pounds, as may be required by the Postmaster-General, according to estimates approved by the Treasury, for the development of the postal, telegraphic and telephonic systems and of any other business of the Post Office.

(2) The Treasury may, if they think fit, for the purpose of providing money for sums so authorised to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or for repaying to that Fund all or any part of the sums so issued, borrow—

(a) by means of terminable annuities for a term not exceeding twenty years; or

(b) in any other manner in which they are authorised to 2 & 3 Geo. 6. raise money under the National Loans Act, 1939,

c‘117’ and all sums so borrowed shall be paid into the Exchequer.

1953

Ch. 4

737

Post Office and Telegraph

(Money) Act, 1953

(3) Any annuities created and issued under paragraph (a) of the last foregoing subsection shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament for the service of the Post Office, and if those moneys are insufficient shall be charged on and paid out of the Consolidated Fund; and any other securities created and issued to raise money under that subsection shall be deemed for all purposes to be created and issued under the National Loans Act, 1939.

(4) So much of the sums issued under subsection (1) of this section as exceeds the amount borrowed in the manner mentioned in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) of this section shall be repaid to the Exchequer out of moneys provided by Parliament for the service of the Post Office at such times and by such methods as the Treasury may direct, and interest thereon at such rates and at such times as the Treasury may direct shall be paid into the Exchequer out of such moneys.

(5) Sums paid into the Exchequer under the last foregoing subsection shall be issued out of the Consolidated Fund at such times as the Treasury may direct and shall be applied by the Treasury as follows, that is to say,

(a) so much thereof as represents principal shall be applied in redeeming or paying off debt of such description as the Treasury think fit;

(b) so much thereof as represents interest shall be applied to the payment of interest which would, apart from this provision, have fallen to be paid out of the permanent annual charge for the National Debt.

(6) Subsection (3) of section two of the Post Office and 14 Geo. 6. c. 2. Telegraph (Money) Act, 1950 (which requires the Postmaster-

General to prepare an annual account of all sums issued under section one of that Act and of all expenditure from sums so issued) shall extend to this section.

2. This Act may be cited as the Post Office and Telegraph Short title. (Money) Act, 1953.

CHAPTER 5

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary and by correcting certain errors in the First Schedule to the Statute Law Revision Act, 1950, and for facilitating the publication of Revised Editions of the Statutes.

[18th December 1953.]

2 A

738

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

Repeal of enactments.

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain enactments which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The enactments referred to in the first and second columns of the First Schedule to this Act, the enactments of the Irish Parliament passed before the commencement of the Union with Ireland Act, 1800, referred to in the first and second columns of the Second Schedule to this Act, and the enactments of the Church Assembly referred to in the first and second columns of the Third Schedule to this Act, are, subject to the provisions of this Act, hereby repealed to the extent specified in relation to them in the third column of the said First, Second or Third Schedule, as the case may be; and every part of a title, preamble or recital mentioned in any of the said third columns may be omitted from any revised edition of the statutes published by authority, and from any revised edition of the statutes affecting Northern Ireland, whereof the publication shall have been authorised or directed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and there may be added in any such edition such brief statement of the Acts, officers, persons and things mentioned in the title, preamble or recital as may in consequence of such omission appear necessary :

Provided as follows:—

The repeal of any words or expressions of enactment described in the said schedules shall not affect the binding force, operation, or construction of any statute, or of any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or the future;

and where any enactment not comprised in the said schedules has been repealed, confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or schedule shall not affect any enactment in which such enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated, or referred to,

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect any charges thereupon or prevent any such enactment from being put in force for the collection of any such revenues or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity, effect, or consequences of anything already done or suffered,—or any

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

739

existing status or capacity,—or any right, title, obligation, or liability, already acquired, accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof,—or any release or discharge of or from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or demand,—or any indemnity,—or the proof of any past act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise, liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office, appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit, or any prospective right, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any manner affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction, office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty, custom, liability, right, state, degree, style, dignity, title, honour, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment, or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part of Her Majesty's dominions out of the United Kingdom, except where otherwise expressed in the said schedules.

2. If and so far as any enactment repealed by this Act applies Application or may have been by Order in Council applied to the court ofof repealed the county palatine of Lancaster or to any inferior court of civil ®ni^J^rts jurisdiction, such enactment shall be construed as if it werem contained in a local and personal Act specially relating to such

court and shall have effect accordingly.

3. The sections specified in the first column of the Fourth Certain Schedule to this Act shall have effect, and be deemed always to

have had effect, as if the references in the First Schedule to the Revision Act, Statute Law Revision Act, 1950, to the words and subsection 1950, Sch. 1, respectively of those sections which are specified in the second to be deemed column of the Fourth Schedule to this Act had been omitted omitted, from the said Act of 1950.

4. —(1) In its application to Northern Ireland, this Act shall, Provisions as respects matters within the powers of the Parliament of Northern relating to Ireland, be subject to alteration by that Parliament as if it had been

an Act passed before the appointed day within the meaning of the116 Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

(2) Without prejudice to any other saving contained in this Act, the repeal by this Act of any enactment shall not prejudice or affect the continued operation of section twenty of the Irish Church Act, 1869.

5. This Act may be cited as the Statute Law Revision Act, Short title. 1953.

2 A2

740

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

Section 1.

SCHEDULES

FIRST SCHEDULE

Acts of the Parliaments of England, Great Britain and the United Kingdom

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

20 Hen. 3. c.4. The Commons Act, 1236. The whole Act.

13 Edw. 1. Statuta Civitatis London The whole Act.

21 Edw. 1. Ordinances of the King, sent 12th July, 1293, to be performed and observed in his land of Ireland. The thud, fourth, fifth and sixth.

28 Edw. 1. c. 12. Distresses for the King’s debt. The whole chapter.

2 Hen. 6. c. 17. (Ruffhead Edition, c. 14.) The Fineness of Harness of Silver, and the Marks with which it shall be marked. The whole Act.

12 Hen. 7. c. 9. (Ruffhead Edition, c. 2 Pr.) An Act for the Assurance of the Queen’s Jointure. The whole Act.

12 Hen. 7. c. 10. (Ruffhead Edition, c. 3 Pr.) An Act for the Earl of Surrey. The whole Act.

1 Hen. 8. c. 15. An Acte concerning lands made in trust to Empson and Dudley. The whole Act.

1 Hen. 8. c. 18. An Act for Confirmation of Letters Patents made to Quene Katheryn for her Dower. The whole Act.

7 Hen. 8. c.8. The French Quenes Joyntour. The whole Act.

14 & 15 Hen. 8. c. 22. An Acte concemyng the Duches of Buckingham. The whole Act.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

741

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

27 Hen. 8. c. 41. An Acte concemyng the assuraunce of the Manor of Hasyllegh unto the Quenes Grace for tcrrae of her lyffe. The whole Act.

1 Edw. 6. c. 1. The Sacrament Act, 1547. Section eight, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

5 & 6 Edw. 6. c. 15. An Acte against the Regra-tours of tanned Let her. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

1 Eliz. c. 1. The Act of Supremacy. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

13 EKz. c. 12. The Ordination of Ministers Act, 1571. The whole Act, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

13Chas.2.St.l. c. 7. An Act for confirming Publique Acts. The words "one Act Entitled An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion ", " One other Act Entitukd An Act for Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings", and "One other Act Entituled An Act for the Attainder of severall Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of His late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First One other Act Entituled an Act for erecting and establishing a Post Office ", in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

13Chas.2.St.l. c. 14. An Act for Confirming an Act Entituled An Act for encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation and severall other Acts both publique and private mentioned therein. The words "One Act Entituled An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation", in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

1 Jas. 2. c. 17. An Act for Reviveing and Continuance of severall Acts of Parly ament therein mentioned. | Section thirteen, in so far as it extends to Northern | Ireland.

1st Sch. —coni.

742

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act; 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

10 Will. 3. c. 23. An Act for suppressing of Lotteries. In section two, and in section three, the words from " to be recovered " to the end of the section, where each time occurring, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

7 Anne. c. 32. An Act for giving the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London the same Powers as the Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have and to oblige Collectors for the Sewers to account. The whole Act.

9 Anne, c. 6. The Lotteries Act, 1710. In section fifty-seven, the words from " to be recovered by information " to the end of the section, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

8 Geo. 1. c. 2. The Lotteries Act, 1721. In section thirty-seven, the words from 41 to be recovered with costs of suit" to the end of the section, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

6 Geo. 2. c. 35. The Lotteries Act, 1732. In section twenty-nine, the words from 44 upon Action of Debt Bill, Plaint" to 44 shall be allowed) ", in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

9 Geo. 2. c. 38. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act. The whole Act.

12 Geo. 2. c. 28. The Gaming Act, 1738. Sections six, seven and nine, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

743

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

18 Geo. 2. c. 24.

The Linen (Trade Marks) Act, 1744.

In the preamble, the words from "by reason of the bounty " to " And whereas".

1st Sen.

—com.

23 Geo. 2. c. 1.

The National Debt (No. 1) The whole Act, so far as Act, 1749. unrepealed.

23 Geo. 2. c. 22.

The National Debt (No. 2) The whole Act, so far as Act, 1749. unrepealed.

26 Geo. 2. c. 34.

An Act to explain, amend and continue several Laws more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; for the more effectual paying the Expenses of passing Vagrants; for obviating Doubts that may arise touching the keeping of Prisoners, until the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench shall be rebuilt or repaired; and for amending so much of the Act of the twenty-fourth of his present Majesty for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use, as relates to the Time of electing publick Officers of the City of Chester.

Section four.

13 Geo. 3. c. 38.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass.

The whole Act.

744

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

13 Geo. 3. c. 43.

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

The whole Act, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

23 Geo. 3. c. 28.

36 Geo. 3. c. 60.

The Irish Appeals Act, 1783.

The Metal Button Act, 1796.

In the preamble, the words from 41 to be bound only " to 14 what ever, and " and from 44 finally, and " to "from thence".

In section one, the words from 44 to be bound only " to 44 what ever, and " mid from 44 finally, and " to 44from thence".

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

38 Geo. 3. c. xvii. (Public, Local and Personal.)

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of continuing a Manufactory of Plate Glass, originally established under an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, which is now expired.

The whole Act.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. The Union with Ireland Act, c. 67. 1800.

In section one, in article four, in paragraph one, the words44 four lords spiritual of Ireland, by rotation of sessions, and*, and from 44 and one hundred * to the end of the paragraph; in paragraph three, the words "spiritual or"; in paragraph nine, the words 44 spiritual and *’, where occurring for the first and last time; in paragraph eleven, the words from44 and that all lords spiritual * to 44 depending thereon * and the word "excepted) ", where next occurring thereafter; in article five, the words from 44 the churches of England and Ireland * to 44 in like manner *; and article seven.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

745

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

39 A 40 Geo. 3. The Union with Ireland Act, c. 67 —cont.1800 —

In section two, the words " four lords spiritual of Ireland by rotation of sessions, and from "and

one hundred commoners " to " as is hereinafter provided: That*; from "And be it enacted that of the one hundred commoners *’ to " for the borough of Enniskillen one*; the word "said * occurring before " commoners shall become vacant *' and before " counties, cities or boroughs the words from "and that all the other

towns * to * representatives to serve in Parliament * and

44 other than the aforesaid *

where next occurring thereafter; the words from44 the primate of all Ireland * where next occurring thereafter to 44 Kingdom for the first session thereof *; and from 44And be it enacted

that in case any lord spiritual * to 44 as in the case of any other vacancy of a seat in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom*; the words "specified in this Act * and the words 44 according to the number herein-before set forth *.

1st Sch.

—corn.

41 Geo. 3 (u.k.) c. 78.

The Constables Expenses Act, 1801.

Section two.

46 Geo. 3. c. 50.

An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited.

The whole Act

50 Geo. 3. c. 8.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Wellington shall descend, in consideration of his eminent Services.

The whole Act

2 A*

746

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Euz.2

1st Sch.

—con/.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of RepeaL

50 Geo. 3. c. 33.

The School Sites (Ireland) Act, 1810.

Section three.

52 Geo. 3. c. 37.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Earl Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

The whole Act.

53 Geo. 3. c. 48.

The Local Militia (Ireland) The whole Act, so far as Act, 1813. unrepealed.

54 Geo. 3. c. 159.

The Harbours Act, 1814.

In section twenty-one, the words from " there to remain without bail " to the end of the section, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

In section twenty-three, the words from " according to the following form" to " the same county, division or place,", in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

Section twenty-four, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

In section twenty-six, the words from " holden for the county " to the end of the section, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

In section twenty-eight, the words " or by any lord or lords, lady or ladies of any manor or manors ", so far as unrepealed.

54 Geo. 3. c. 163.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Combermere, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Lord Comber-mere shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

The whole Act.

55 Geo. 3. c. 157.

The Evidence (Ireland) Act, 1815.

Section eight.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

747

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

56 Geo. 3. c. 52. The Glebe Exchange Act, 1816. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

57 Geo. 3. c. 62. The Public Offices (Ireland) Act, 1817. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

58 Geo. 3. c. 24. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Hesse, in case she shall survive His said Royal Highness. The whole Act.

1 Geo. 4. c. 68. The Exchequer Chamber (Ireland) Act, 1820. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 53. The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1821. Sections twenty-four and twenty-five. Sections twenty-eight to thirty. Sections thirty-nine and forty. Section forty-eight. In section forty-nine, the words from " and that upon all such taxations " to the end of the section. Section fifty. Sections sixty-three and sixty-four. Section sixty-nine.

1 A 2 Geo. 4. c. 54. The Clerk of Assize (Ireland) Act, 1821. Sections four to six.

1 A 2 Geo. 4. c. 112. The Stamp Duties in Law Proceedings (Ireland) Act, 1821. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

4 Geo. 4. c. 7. The Chancellor of the Exchequer (Ireland) Act, 1823. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

4 Geo. 4. c. 61. The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1823. Sections five to seven. Section eighteen. In section nineteen, the words from " and upon all such 1 taxation " to the end of the I section.

2 A* 2

In* Sch. —cont.

748

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act; 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—co/if.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

4 Geo. 4. c. 61.—coni.

The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1823—cont.

Section forty-one. Section fifty-six. Section seventy-two. The Schedule.

4 Geo. 4. c. 92.

An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl Saint Vincent to the present Viscount Saint Vincent and the next Person to whom the Title of Viscount Saint Vincent shall descend.

The whole Act,

10 Geo. 4. c. 7.

The Roman Catholic Relief Act, 1829.

Sections twenty-six and twenty-eight to thirty-seven, so far as unrepealed. The Schedule, so far as on-repealed.

10 Geo. 4. c. 50.

The Crown Lands Act, 1829.

In section eight, the words "by his* and "lettcra patent ".

In section thirty-five, the words "under their hands and seals*; the words "conveyance and* where secondly occurring, and the words " execution and*.

In section forty-two, the words " shall be attested as to the execution thereof by the said Cornmnsiouen, by at least one witness, and*’.

In section fifty-two, the words " or any copyhold lands or hereditaments the freehold of which shall be in the crown *’ and the words " pensions, annuities,*.

Section fifty-nine.

Section sixty-nine.

In section one hundred and ten, the words "so much of* where first occurring, the words from "as shall have become due * to " Isle of Alderney ’* and the words from " in England and Wales * to the end of the section.

Section one hundred and fourteen.

Section one hundred and twenty-three.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

749

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 31. The Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1831. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 33. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1831. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

1 & 2 Will. 4. c. 55. The Illicit Distillation (Ireland) Act, 1831. The preamble. In section forty-nine, from the beginning to the words " hereto annexed; and ". The Schedule.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 1. The Crown Lands Act, 1832. Section twenty.

2 & 3 Will 4. c. 21. The Coal Trade (Ireland) Act, 1832. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 48. The Clerk of the Crown (Ireland) Act, 1832. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except in section one the words " There shall be one clerk of the crown of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland", and section sixteen.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 88. The Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1832. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

3 & 4 Will 4. c. 90. The Lighting and Watching Act, 1833. Sections thirty-nine to forty-three.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 16. The Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1835. Rule sixteen of section twelve. Sections fourteen and fifteen.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 38. The Prisons Act, 1835. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 71. 1 The Tithe Act, 1836. Section three. Section ten. Sections thirteen to sixteen. Section twenty-nine, so far as unrepealed. Sections thirty and thirty-one. Section fifty-seven, so far as unrepealed. Section sixty-two, so far as unrepealed. Section sixty-seven, so far as unrepealed. Section sixty-eight. Section ninety-three, so far as unrepealed.

1st Sch. —cont.

750

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Euz.2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeat

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 74. 7 Will. 4 & 1 Vict. c. 69. 1 & 2 Vict, c. 64. 2 & 3 Vict, c. 62. The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1836. The Tithe Act, 1837. The Tithe Act, 1838. The Tithe Act, 1839. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except sections two and nineteen. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed. Section four. Section seven. Section fourteen, so far as unrepealed. Sections sixteen and seventeen, so far as umepealed. Sections nineteen and twenty. Section twenty-one, so far as unrepealed. Section twenty-eight.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 11. An Act to settle an Annuity on Lord Seaton, and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Seaton to whom the Title of Lord Seaton shall descend, in consider-tion of his important Services. The whole Act.

3 & 4 Vict, c. 15. The Tithe Act, 1840. Section seventeen, so far as unrepealed. Section twenty, so far as unrepealed. Section twenty-three, so far as unrepealed. Section twenty-four.

4 & 5 Vict, c. 1. An Act to settle an Annuity on Lord Keane, and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Keane to whom the Title of Lord Keane shall descend, in consideration of his great and brilliant Services. The whole Act.

5 Vict, c. 1. The Crown Lands Act, 1841. Sections five to seven.

5 & 6 Vict, c. 48. An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in the Forest of Dean and other Extra-parochial Places in and near the Hundred of Saint Briavel’s in the County of Gloucester. The whole Act.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

751

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

5 & 6 Vict, c. 54. The Tithe Act, 184Z Section three, so far as unrepealed. Sections six to eight, so far as unrepealed.

5 & 6 Vict, c. 98. The Prisons Act, 1842. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

6 & 7 Vict. . c. 25. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta Caroline, eldest Daughter of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. The whole Act.

6 & 7 Vict. The Limitation of Actions The whole Act, so far as

c. 54. Act, 1843. unrepealed.

7 & 8 Vict. The County Rates Act, Section five.

c. 33. 1844. Section eight.

7 & 8 Vict. The Parish Constables Act, The whole Act, so far as

c. 52. 1844. unrepealed.

7 & 8 Vict. The Middlesex Sessions Act, The whole Act, so far as

c. 71. 1844. unrepealed.

7 & 8 Vict. The Common Law Offices Section three.

c. 107. (Ireland) Act, 1844. Sections six and seven. Section eleven. Sections nineteen to twenty-two. Sections twenty-four to twenty-eight.

8 & 9 Vict. An Act to render it unneces- The whole Act, except section

c. 72. sary to keep up Rothwell Gaol, in the Honor of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York. four.

8 & 9 Vict. The Gaol Fees Abolition The whole Act, so far as

c. 114. Act, 1845. unrepealed.

8 & 9 Vict. The Chancery Taxing Section fifteen.

c. 115. Master (Ireland) Act, 1845.

1st Sch. —coni.

752

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Buz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 31. An Act to settle an Annuity on Viscount Hardinge, and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Hardinge to whom the Title of Viscount Hardinge shall descend, in consideration of his great and brilliant Services. The whole Act.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 32. An Act to settle an Annuity on Lord Gough and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Gough to whom the Title of Lord Gough shall descend, in consideration of his important Services. The whole Act.

9 & 10 Vict, c. 73. The Tithe Act, 1846. Sections three and four. In section five, the proviso. Section fifteen.

10 & 11 Vict, c. 104. The Tithe Act, 1847. Section four.

13 & 14 Vict, c. 77. An Act to enable Her Majesty to make a suitable Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and also for Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Cambridge. The whole Act.

14 & 15 Vict, c. 42. The Crown Lands Act, 1851. In section three, the words "and for the purpose of such Acts the Commissioners of Woods shall be a corporation in the place of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works and Buildings *. Section five.

14 & 15 Vict, c. 46. The Crown Lands (Copy-holds) Act, 1851. Section three.

15 & 16 Vict, c. 62. The Crown Lands Act, 1852. In the preamble, the words from the beginning to " doubts be removed: And". Section one.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

753

Session and Chapter.

1st Sea. —cant.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Vict The Crown Lands

c. 62.—com. 1852—cont.

Act, In section three, the words from "; and the powers

relating to the apportionment" to the end of the section.

" yearly sums of money Sections one to four.

" and shall form the crews or parts of the crews of such ships or vessels ", and from " be entitled to the same pay " to " service, and shall also ".

In section seventeen, the words from the beginning to " ratings in Her Majesty’s Navy " and " of the Coast Guard, of Her Majesty’s revenue cruizers, seamen-riggers, and others ".

In section twenty-one, the words from " officer or man" to "seaman-rigger, or other ".

In section twenty-two, the words from ‘‘ officer or man", where they occur for the first time, to " seaman-rigger, or other ", the words " such officer or man, seaman-rigger, or", the word "other" where it occurs next after the last mentioned words, and the words " officer or man, seaman-rigger, or other".

In section twenty-three, the words " and any forfeiture of treble value ", and " and forfeiture of treble value ".

In section twenty-four, the words "not including the treble value of any articles", "together with the treble value of any articles ", and "and such treble value".

C

16 & 17 Vict,

c. 56.

The Crown Lands 1853.

Act, In the preamble, the words from the beginning to

16 & 17 Vict,

c. 73.

The Naval Volunteers Act, 1853.

Sections thirteen to fifteen. In section sixteen, the words

754

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

lvr Sch. —cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

16 & 17 Vict, c. 98.

An Act for the further Relief The whole Act, so far as of the Suitors of the High unrepealed.

Court of Chancery.

16 & 17 Vict. The Common Law Pro-

c. 113. ceduie (Ireland) Act, 18S3.

Section one hundred and twenty-six.

In section one hundred and thirty-two, the words from "in the form" to "this Act annexed/*.

In section one hundred and forty-seven, the words from " in the Form * to " to the like effect *.

Section one hundred and fifty-three.

Section one hundred and eighty-nine.

In section two hundred and twenty-nine, the words from "in the form* to "this Act annexed,*.

Section two hundred and thirty-two, so far as unrepealed.

Section two hundred and forty-one.

Section two hundred and forty-three, so far as unrepealed.

Schedule B, so far as unrepealed.

17 & 18 Vict, c. 94.

The Public Revenue and Consolidated Fund Charges Act, 1854.

In Schedule (B.), in the first, second and third columns, the entries " Contribution towards defraying the charge of maintaining the police of the Metropolis, and salaries of the Commissioners of Police ’*, and " 2 A3 Vict. c. 47 *.

18 & 19 Vict, c. 64.

An Act to settle Annuities on Emily Harriet Lady Raglan and Richard Henry Fitzroy Lord Raglan, and the next surviving Heir Male of his Body, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late Field Marshal Lord Raglan.

The whole Act.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

755

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

19 & 20 Vict, c. 92. The Chancery Appeal Court (Ireland) Act, 1856. In section two, the words " "Chancery" and "Court" shall mean the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and " and " " suit " shall include cause, cause petition, and petition matter ".

19 & 20 Vict, c. 102. The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act, (Ireland), 1856. Sections six to twenty, so far as unrepealed. Section twenty-one. Section thirty-six. Section eighty-nine. Section ninety-three. Section ninety-five. Section ninety-seven. In section ninety-eight, the figure " 14 " and tire words from " and the enactments" to the end of the section.

19 & 20 Vict, c. 118. The Criminal Justice Act, 1856. The whole Act.

19 & 20 Vict, c. 119. The Marriage and Registration Act, 1856. The whole Act, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

20 & 21 Vict, c. 2. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal. The whole Act.

21 & 22 Vict. c.2. An Act to settle Annuities on Lady Havelock and Sir Henry Marshman Havelock, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late Major General Havelock. The whole Act.

21 & 22 Vict, c. 72. The Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1858. In section one, the definition of "Lord Chancellor ". Section two. Section eight. Sections fourteen to sixteen. Sections twenty-five to twenty-seven. Section twenty-nine.

1st Sch. —cant.

756

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch —cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

22 & 23 Vict. The Royal Naval Reserve c. 40. (Volunteer) Act, 1859.

In section three, the words from " and may form " to " cause them to join In section five, the words from " and, where he " to " cause them to join In section six, the words from "and for such time*' to

" qualified to fill ".

In section seven, the words from " and upon his entering " to " belonging to that force,’*.

In section fifteen, the words from " and applicable to * to " Her Majesty’s ships or vessels".

In section eighteen, the words " or in the Militia or in the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers’’where first occurring; the words from " and in case any person" to ‘‘be null and void; "; from " or who shall be enlisted" to ‘‘ volunteer under this Act,"; from "or in the Militia ", where last occurring, to " under this Act," where next occurring; the first proviso; in the second proviso, the words " and " where first occurring, " also " and from " or who shall be enlisted" to " Coast Volunteers ".

23 & 24 Vict, c. 82.

The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1860.

The whole Act.

23 & 24 Vict, c. 93.

The Tithe Act, 1860.

Sections one and two, so far as uniepealed.

Sections four to nine, so far as unrepealed.

Section twenty-eight.

Section thirty-three.

In section forty-one, the words from " and shall not " to " render of heriots" and from " and the glebe land" to the end of the section.

Sections forty-two and forty-three, so far as unrepealed.

The .Schedule, so far as uniepealed.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

757

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 10. The Admiralty Court Act, 1861. The whole Act, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 15. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Alice Maud Mary. The whole Act.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 51. The Metropolitan Police Act, 1861. Sections one and two.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 100. The Offences against the Person Act, 1861. In section seventy-two, the words from " and no warrant *' to the end of the section, except in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

24 & 25 Vict, c. 123. The Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1861. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

25 & 26 Vict c. 104. The Queen*s Prison Discontinuance Act, 1862. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 14. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863. Section six.

26 & 27 Vict, c. 69. The Officers of Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1863. In section one, the words from " or of any persons * to " East India Company ".

27 & 28 Vict, c. 31. An Act to settle an Annuity on Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincardine, in consideration of the distinguished Services performed by the late James Earl of Elgin and Kincardine. The whole Act

27 & 28 Vict, c. 57. The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864. Section thirteen.

758

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

27 & 28 Vict. The Railway Companies' Section two, so far as un-

c. 120. Powers Act, 1864. repealed. Subsections (2) and (3) of section four. Sections five and six. Sections nine to fifteen. In section twenty, the words " In the thirdly-mentioned case, the Companies Clauses Acts ". Sections twenty-two to twenty-four. Sections twenty-six and twenty-seven. Section thirty-five. The Schedule, so far as unrepealed.

27 & 28 Vict. The Railways Construction In section two, the words

c. 121. Facilities Act, 1864. from " the term " the Companies Clauses Acts " * to " Companies Clauses Act, 1863 ". Subsections (2) and (3) of section six. Sections seven and eight. Sections eleven to seventeen. Section twenty-two. Sections twenty-four to

thirty. Section thirty-two. Sections thirty-four to forty-eight. Section fifty-two. Sections fifty-six and fifty-seven. Section sixty-four. Parts (ii) and (v) of the Schedule.

29 & 30 Vict. An Act to enable Her The whole Act.

c. 7. Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria.

29 & 30 Vict. An Act to enable Her The whole Act.

c. 8. Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert on his coming of Age.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

759

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 48.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhelmina Elizabeth of Cambridge.

The whole Act.

1st Sch. —cont.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 66.

An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in the New Forest.

The whole Act.

29 & 30 Vict, c. 68.

The Superannuation Act, 1866.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

30 & 31 Vict, c. 44.

The Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1867.

In section two, the definition of "swear ".

In section eleven, the words " and the Vice-Chancellor", the word "respectively*’, where each time occurring, and the word 44 each * where each time occurring.

In section twelve, the words 44 or to the Vice-Chancellor *.

Section thirteen, so far as unrepealed.

In section fifteen, the words 44 an Attorney or ".

Section sixteen.

Section seventeen, so far as unrepealed.

Sections eighteen and nineteen.

Sections twenty-four and twenty-five, both so far as unrepealed.

Section forty-one, so far as unrepealed.

Section one hundred and nine.

In section one hundred and ninety-one, the words 44 the Vice-Chancellor ".

30 & 31 Vict, c. 70.

The Public Records (Ireland) The whole Act, so far as Act, 1867. unrepealed.

30 & 31 Vict. The Court of Admiralty c. 114. (Ireland) Act. 1867.

Section seventy-three.

760

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Buz. 2

1st Sch. —coni.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

30 & 31 Vict, c. 129.

The Chancery and Common Law Offices (Ireland) Act, 1867.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 68.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 72.

31 & 32 Vict, c. 91.

The Liquidation Act, 1868.

The Promissory Oaths Act, 1868.

An Act to settle an Annuity upon Lieutenant General Sir Robert Napier, G.C.B., G.C..I., and the next surviving Heir Male of his Body, in consideration of his eminent Services.

as un-

as

Section four, so far repealed.

Section seven, so far unrepealed.

Section ten, so far as un-repealed.

Sections fourteen to twenty.

Sections twenty-one and twenty-two, both so far as unrepealed.

Section twenty-three.

Section twenty-five, so far as unrepealed.

In section twenty-seven, the words from " the Vice Chancellor " to " one hundred pounds, and for

Section twenty-eight, so for as unrepealed.

Section thirty-two.

Section thirty-three, so far as unrepealed.

Sections forty-four and forty-five, both so far as unrepealed.

Section forty-eight.

Section forty-nine, so far as unrepealed.

Sections fifty-three and fifty-four.

Sections fifty-five to fifty-seven, so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act.

In section fourteen, paragraph eight.

In the Schedule, so much of the first part as relates to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and the Chief Secretary for Ireland and, except in so far as concerns Justices of the Peace for counties and boroughs, so much of the second part as relates to Ireland.

The whole Act.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

761

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

31 & 32 Vict 32 Vict, c. 110. The Telegraph Act, 1868. Subsection (7) of section eight.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 47. The High Constables Act, 1869. In section two, the words from " but this provision " to the end of the section. In section three, the words from " (except " to " electors) " and from " and no precept or notice*' to the end of the section. Sections four and five.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 73. The Telegraph Act, 1869. Sections thirteen to eighteen.

32 & 33 Vict, c. 74. The Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1869. Section two.

33 & 34 Vict, c. 10. The Coinage Act, 1870. In section twenty, the words from " The Acts mentioned * to * Provided that ", and the Second Schedule, in so far as those provisions extend to Northern Ireland.

33 & 34 Vict, c. 19. The Railways (Powers and Construction) Acts, 1864, Amendment Act, 1870. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

33 & 34 Vict c. 90. The Foreign Enlistment Act, 1870. In section twenty-six, the words " or the chief secretary *.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 1. An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta. The whole Act.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 64. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert on his coming of age. The whole Act.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 72. The Judgments Registry (Ireland) Act, 1871. Section nine. Sections fourteen to nineteen. Section twenty-four.

34 & 35 Vict, c. 75. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1871. The whole Act.

762

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —con/.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 56. An Act to settle an annuity on the Honourable Blanche Julia Countess of Mayo, in consideration of the eminent services of the late Earl of Mayo as Viceroy and Governor General of India. The whole Act.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 67. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1872. Sections two and three.

35 & 36 Vict, c. 94. The Licensing Act, 1872. In section twelve, the words 44 with or without hard labour " and from 44 where the court'* to the end of the section.

36 & 37 Vict, c. 77. The Naval Artillery Volunteer Act, 1873. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

36 & 37 Vict, c. 80. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and Her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna of Russia, and to settle an annuity on Her Imperial Highness. The whole Act.

36 & 37 Vict, c. 83. The Telegraph Act, 1873. The whole Act.

38 & 39 Vict, c. 63. The Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

39 & 40 Vict, c. 56. The Commons Act, 1876. Section thirty-four.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 57. The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877. Section five. In section six, the words from " The Lord Chancellor shall" to44 manner as heretofore"; the words "the Master of the Rolls " 44 and the Lord Chief Baron*, each where occurring for the second time; the words 44 other than the Lord Chancellor and the Judges last-mentioned", and the words from 44 The

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

763

Session and Chapter.

1st Sch. —com.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict c. 57—com.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act 1877— corn.

Lord Chancellor for the time being " to the end of the section.

In section ten, the words from the beginning of the section to 44 Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer the words 44 ex-officio Judges and 44 Lord Chancellor or of*; 44 Master of the Rolls,"; 44 or Chief Baron of the Exchequer"; and the words from 44 The Lord Chancellor for the time being " to the end of the section.

In section thirteen, the words 44 other than the Lord Chancellor,";44 (other than the Lord Chancellor) " and the words from44 The oaths to be taken " to 44 the same as heretofore ".

In section eighteen, the words 44and to"; "the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer"; the words from "four thousand six hundred " to 44 appointed under the said Act "; and the words from 44 Provided always," to "before the passing of this Act ".

In section nineteen, the words 44 other than the Lord Chancellor,".

In section thirty-four, the words from 44 consisting of such Judges respectively" to the end of the section.

In section forty-one, the words 44 serjeants-at-law, or" and the words from 44 nor for more than one Judge" to the end of the section.

In section forty-two, the words "or the Chancery Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1862,".

In section forty-three, the words "and Exchequer the letter44 s " at the end of the word 44 Divisions ".

In section forty-six, the words 44 and in the meantime

764

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Buz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict, c. 57—cont.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877—cont.

until such Rules shall be made,’*; the words "and Exchequer *; the letter " s ’* at the end of the word "Divisions *; the word "respectively"; and the

words "either the Lord Chancellor or ".

In section forty-seven, the

words " and in the meantime until such rules shall

be made,".

In section fifty-one, the words from "in which case an appeal " to the end of the section.

In section sixty, the words from the beginning of the section to the words " Judges of the same respectively " where occurring for the second time.

In section sixty-one, the words from " if made before the commencement " to "after the commencement of this Act," where occurring for the second time.

In section seventy, the words " the Lord Chancellor, with the concurrence of".

Section seventy-two.

In section seventy-three, the words from " the Chief Justice " to " Lord Chancellor shall be one".

In section seventy-five, the words from "The officers connected with the office " to " the officers of the Receiver Master." and from " The duties imposed upon the Land Judges" to the end of the section.

Section eighty.

In section eighty-one, the words from "or the position salaries " to the end of the section.

In section eighty-two, the words from the beginning of the section to "if this Act had not passed; and"; and from " but so that no existing " to the end of the section.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

765

Session and Chapter. Short Title. 1st Sch —cont. Extent of Repeal.

40 & 41 Vict c. 57—coni. The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877—cont. Section eighty-three. In section eighty-four, the words from " with the advice and consent* to " or any one of them, and *’.

41 & 42 Vict, c. 51. The Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878. In section three, the definition of "Causeway-mail ’*. In section fifty-eight, the words from " Provided always, that no * to " other part of the county * where secondly occurring.

42 & 43 Vict, c. 42. The Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Act, 1879. Section ten.

44 & 45 Vict, c. 23. The Court of Bankruptcy (Ireland) Officers and Clerks Act, 1881. The whole Act.

44 & 45 Vict, c. 71. The Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881. Section three, so far as unrepealed.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 5. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Albany and Hes Serene Highness Princess Helen Frederica Augusta of Wal-deck and Pyimont, and to settle an Annuity on Her Serene Highness. The whole Act.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 41. The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1882. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 47. The Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 60. The Labourers Cottages and Allotments (Ireland) Act, 1882. The whole Act.

45 & 46 Vict, c. 70. The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1882. i In section three, the words from "the Chief Justice* to "the Lord Chancellor shall be one,*’, the words "that no existing officer shall receive a less salary than heretofore, and ’’ and the words from " and provided also * to the end of the section.

766

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2Euz.2

1st Sch. —amt.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

46 & 47 Vict, c. 10. The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883. In section six, the words from "Provided, that" to the end of the section.

47 & 48 Vict, c. 76. The Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. Section seventeen.

48 & 49 Vict, c. 51. The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

48 & 49 Vict, c. 79. The Crown Lands Act, 1885. Sections four and five.

49 & 50 Vict, c. 18. The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1886. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

51 & 52 Vict, c. 8. The Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except in so hr as it extends to Northern Ireland.

52 & 53 Vict, c. 42. The Revenue Act, 1889. Section thirty-four.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 4. The Army (Annual) Act, 1890. Section seven. Section nine.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 32. The Anglo-German Agreement Act, 1890. The whole Act.

53 & 54 Vict, c. 42. The Reserve Forces Act, 1890. In section four, from the beginning of the section to " 1882 and 1890 and".

54 & 55 Vict, c. 8. The Tithe Act, 1891. Section one. Section six. Section eight. In section ten, subsection (1), so far as unrepealed, and subsections (2) and (3).

55 & 56 Vict, c. 2. The Army (Annual) Act, 1892. Section four. Section six.

55 & 56 Vict, c. 45. The Land Commissioners (Ireland) Salaries Act, 1892. The whole Act, so for as unrepealed.

55 & 56 Vict, c. 59. The Telegraph Act, 1892. In section eleven, the words " A reference to the county council shall be construed to refer to the grand jury.".

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

767

Session and Chapter.

55 & 56 Vict, c. 61.

57 & 58 Vict, c. 60.

58 & 59 Vict. c.7.

59 Vict.

Sess. 2. c. 5.

59 & 60 Vict, c. 28.

60 & 61 Vict c. 66.

3 Edw. 7. c. 27.

[Short Title.]

The Public Works Loans Act, 1892.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1894.

Extent of Repeal. Section eight.

Subsection (3) of section seven hundred and forty-six.

1st Sch. —cont.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1895.

The Public Offices (Acquisition of Site) Act, 1895.

The Finance Act, 1896.

The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1897.

Section four. Section seven.

The whole Act.

In section thirty-nine, the words from " Part Five of this Act " to " Income Tax Act, 1853 ".

In section one, in subsection (1), the words from " and the Lord Chief Baron " to the end of the subsection, and subsection (2).

In section four, in subsection (1), the words from 44 The Honourable Walter Boyd " to the end of the subsection; in subsection (3), the words 44 with the advice and consent of the Lord Chief Justice and Lord Chief Baron, or either of them, and"; in subsection (4), from 44 the Lord Chief Justice " to the end of the subsection; and in subsection (5), the words from the beginning, to 44 and if not filled ".

Subsection (2) of section five.

Subsection (1) of section eight.

In section nine, the proviso;

In section ten, the words 44 and of the Lord Chief Baron during his continuance in office,"; and the words from44 subject to the provisions " to the end of the section.

The South African Loan The whole Act, so far as and War Contribution Act, unrepealed.

1903.

768

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch

— con

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

3 Edw. 7. c. 37. The Irish Land Act, 1903. Subsection (2) of section sixty-eight. In section eighty-eight, in subsection (2), the words " appeals under section forty-seven of the Act of 1881 or* and from "and air* to "Act of 1881 ".

4 Edw. 7. c. 5. The Army (Annual) Act, 1904. Section eleven.

4 Edw. 7. c. 6. The Hall-marking of Foreign Plate Act, 1904. In section one, in subsection (2), the words " after a date fixed by His Majesty by Order in Council*, and, in subsection (3), the words ", after the date fixed as aforesaid,’’.

4 Edw. 7. c. 33. The Anglo-French Convention Act, 1904. Subsection (2) of section one. In the Schedule, so much as recites provisions of the convention there set out which are spent, that is to say, in the seventh article, the words from "Persons born in’* to "have been bora" and from "In the lies de Los " to " in force there ", and the ninth article.

4 Edw. 7. c. 34. The Irish Land Act, 1904. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

6 Edw. 7. c. 2. The Army (Annual) Act, 1906. In section four, paragraph (i) of subsection (1), and subsection (5). Section six.

7 Edw. 7. c. 2. The Army (Annual) Act, 1907. Section four. In section ten, paragraph (a) of subsection (6).

8 Edw. 7. c. 16. The Finance Act, 1908. In section ten, in subsection (1), the words from "so far " where they first occur to " that Act, and ".

8 Edw. 7. c. 42. The White Phosphorus Matches Prohibition Act, 1908. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

9 Edw. 7. c. 24. The Merchandise Marks (Ireland) Act, 1909. The whole Act.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

769

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5. c. 8. The Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910. Section forty-seven.

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 26. Telephone Transfer Act, 1911. In section nine, the words from " The expression " where first occurring, to " which is not discharged ".

1 & 2 Geo. 5. c. 48. The Finance Act, 1911. Section sixteen, so far as unrepealed, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

2 & 3 Geo 5. c.5. The Army (Annual) Act, 1912. Section four.

2 & 3 Geo. 5. c. 28. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1913. So much of the Second Schedule as relates to Rules forty-five, forty-six and fifty-two of the rules in the First Schedule to the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

3 & 4 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1913. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. c. 42. The Defence of the Realm (Amendment) (No. 3) Act, 1915. The whole Act, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

5 A 6 Geo. 5. c. 81. The American Loan Act, 1915. The whole Act.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 11. The Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 38. The Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916. The whole Act, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

6 & 7 Geo. 5. c. 63. The Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916. In section twelve, in subsection (3), the words from " the expression * common ’ " to the end of the subsection.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 37. The Naval and Military War Pensions, etc. (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1917. In section one, the words from " As from such " to " appointed day)," and from ", or as are" to ‘‘repealed by this Act,".

2 B

1st Sch. —cont.

770

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —con/.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 37—cont. The Naval and Military War Pensions, etc. (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1917—cont. In section two, in subsection (3), the words " As from the appointed date ". Subsections (1) and (2) of section three.

7 & 8 Geo. 5. c. 51. The Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917. In section six, in subsection (1), the words " in each case". In the First Schedule, so much of Part II as relates to paragraph () of subsection (1) of section six of the Army Act

7 & 8 Geo. 5. The Air Force Act. In section one hundred and eighty-three, in the proviso, paragraphs (a) and (6).

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 30. The Naval Prize Act, 1918. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

8 & 9 Geo. 5. c. 54. The Tithe Act, 1918. Section ten, so far as on-repealed. The First Schedule, so far as unrepealed.

8 A 9 Geo. 5. c. 57. The War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1918. Section ten. Section fourteen. Section seventeen.

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Finance Act, 1919. In section thirty-eight, in subsection (1), the words from "Part II" to "Income Tax Acts".

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 53. The War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1919. Section two.

9 A 10 Geo. 5. c. 82. The Irish Land (Provision for Sailors and Soldiers) Act, 1919. Section five.

10 A11 Geo. 5. c. 4. The Coal Mines (Emergency) Act, 1920. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

10 A 11 Geo. 5. c. 18. The Finance Act, 1920. In section sixty-four, in subsection (1), the words from "Part II" to "Income Tax Acts".

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Cy. 5

771

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 23. The War Pensions Act, 1920. Subsection (4) of section one. In section eleven, in subsection (2), the words from " The expression * the Act of 1915* " to "&c. Act, 1915 ".

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 31. The Restoration of Order in Ireland Act, 1920. The whole Act.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 37. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1920. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 48. The Indemnity Act, 1920. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 50. The Mining Industry Act, 1920. In section two, in subsection (1), the words from the beginning to " aforesaid, and " and from " as from such date " to " may determine ", and subsections (4) to (7). Subsections (3) and (4) of section five. The First Schedule.

10 All Geo. 5. c. 67. The Government of Ireland Act, 1920. In section ten, in subsection (2), the words from ‘‘The rates, fares, tolls," to the end of the subsection. In section twenty-one, in subsection (2), the words " any charge for the benefit of the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, or ". In section twenty-three, in subsection (5), the words " as the case requires, either ". Subsection (2) of section thirty-four. In section forty-five, the proviso. Subsection (2) of section fifty-nine.

10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 79. The Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1920. In section three, in subsection (1), paragraph (*).

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c.5. The German Reparation (Recovery) Act, 1921. The whole Act.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c.6. The Coal Mines (Decontrol) Act, 1921. The whole Act.

2 B 2

JST SCXL

—cont.

772

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—otwi/.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 9. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1921. Section four. Section ten.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Finance Act, 1921. In section forty-two, in subsection (2), the words " the Coal Mines (Emergency) Acts, 1920 and 1921, or of * and " and those Acts ", in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland. In section sixty-five, in subsection (1), the words from " Part n " to " Income Tax Acts ".

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 39. The Admiralty Pensions Act, 1921. Subsection (1) of section two, so far as unrepealed.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 47. The Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921. In section fourteen, the definition of "prescribed ".

ll&12 Geo. 5. c. 49. The War Pensions Act, 1921. In section one, in subsection (1), the words from " and as from the date " to the end of the subsection; subsection (2); in subsection (4), the words from " and on the first constitution" to the end of the subsection; and subsections (5) and (6). Section eight.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 55. The Railways Act, 1921. Subsection (3) of section two. Section three. Subsection (3) of section four. Sections five and six. Subsections (1), (2) and (5) to (7) of section seven. Subsections (1) to (4) and (6) of section eight Sections nine and ten. Subsections (3) to (10) of section eleven. Sections twelve and thirteen. Section sixty. Subsection (4) of section eighty.

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 57. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1921. The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 59. The Irish Railways (Settlement of Claims) Act, 1921. The whole Act

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 4. The Irish Free State (Agreement) Act, 1922. In section one, in subsection (3), the proviso.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

773

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Finance Act, 1922. Section thirty-nine. In section forty-nine, in subsection (1), the words from "Part II" to ’’inhabited house duty ".

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 19. The Gaming Act, 1922. The whole Act.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 43. The Post Office (Pneumatic Tubes Acquisition) Act, 1922. Subsection (2) of section four. The Second Schedule.

12 & 13 Geo. 5. c. 45. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1922. The whole Act

13 Geo. 5. Sess. 2. c. 1. The Irish Free State Constitution Act, 1922. In the preamble the words from " And whereas by Article seventy-four " to " rest of the United Kingdom ". In section one, the words from " but His Majesty may " to the end of the section. Section two. Section four.

13 Geo. 5. Sess. 2. c. 2. The Irish Free State (Consequential Provisions) Act, 1922 (Session 2). Subsection (3) of section six. In the First Schedule, in paragraph six, sub-paragraph (4).

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 12. The Restoration of Order in Ireland (Indemnity) Act, 1923. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

13 &14 Geo. 5. c. 14. The Finance Act, 1923. Section thirty-five. In section thirty-nine, in subsection (1), the words from " Part II " to the end of the subsection.

13 & 14 Geo. 5. c. 42. The Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923. The whole Act in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

14 A15 Geo. 5. c.5. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1924. Section four. Section six.

14 & 15 Geo. 5. c. 21. The Finance Act, 1924. In section forty-one, in subsection (1), the words from "Part II " to the end of the subsection.

1st Sch. —cont.

774

Ch . 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Fjjz. 2

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

14 & IS Geo. . c. 25. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1924. Section one.

14 & IS Geo. . c. 41. The Irish Free State (Confirmation of Agreement) Act, 1924. The whole Act

15 A16 Geo. 5. c. 6. The War Charges (Validity) Act, 1925. The whole Act.

IS & 16 Geo. . c. 25. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1925. Section twelve. Section sixteen, so far as unrepealed. In section seventeen, in subsection (2), paragraph

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 34. The Northern Ireland Land Act, 1925. In section one, in subsection (1), in paragraph (c), the words "subsection (2) of section eighteen and Subsection (2) of section thirty. In section thirty-two, the proviso to subsection (1) and subsection (7).

ISA 16 Geo. 5. c. 36. The Finance Act, 1925. Subsections (2) and (3) of section six. Section twenty-seven. Subsection (2) of section twenty-eight. In the Second Schedule, in Part II, in paragraph one, the words in sub-paragraph (a) "not being tissue to which sub-paragraph (ab) of this heading applies* and sub-paragraphs ( ) and (ab); and in Part III, paragraph four.

IS A 16 Geo. 5. c. 65. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1925. The whole Act.

ISA 16 Geo. . c. 77. The Ireland (Confirmation of Agreement) Act, 1925. In section one, in subsection (2), the proviso.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 87. The Tithe Act, 1925. Subsection (1) of section one, so far as unrepealed. Section two, so far as unrepealed. Section four, so far as unrepealed. Sections six and seven, so far as unrepealed.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Cn.5

775

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

15 A 16 Geo. 5. c. 87— c The Tithe Act, 1925—cont. Section nine, so far as unrepealed. Sections eleven to thirteen, so far as unrepealed. In section fourteen, in sub* section (1), paragraph (a). Section seventeen, so far as unrepealed. Subsections (3) and (4) of section twenty, so far as unrepealed. Subsections (2) and (3) of section twenty-four. Section twenty-five.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 6. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1926. In the Second Schedule, so much of Part I as relates to sections fifty-eight to sixty-two of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act, and Part III.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 22. The Finance Act, 1926. Section forty-four. Subsection (2) of section forty-seven.

16 & 17 Geo. 5. c. 28. The Mining Industry Act, 1926. Section nineteen.

16 & 17 Geo. . c. 41. The Naval Reserve (Officers) Act, 1926. Section two.

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 10. The Finance Act, 1927. Section five, so far as unrepealed. Section fifty. Subsection (2) of section fifty-seven. The First Schedule.

18 & 19 Geo. 5. c. 17. The Finance Act, 1928. Subsection (2) of section thirty-five.

19 & 20 Geo. 5. c. 21. The Finance Act, 1929. In section four, in subsection (1), the words from the beginning to " aforesaid expires:", from "as from the " to " section expires ", and "said further", and subsection (2). Subsection (1) of section six.

2D&21 Geo. 5. c. 5. The Colonial Development Act, 1929. In the long title, and in section four, the words " Palestine and " where each time occurring.

1st Sch. —cont.

776

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—eont.

Session and

Chapter.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 22.

20 & 21 Geo. 5.

c. 28.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 42.

20 & 21 Geo. 5. c. 45.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 14.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 28.

21 & 22 Geo. 5. c. 34.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 8.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 11.

22 & 23 Geo. 3.

c. 22.

[Short Title.]

The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1930.

The Finance Act, 1930.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1930.

The Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930.

The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1931.

The Finance Act, 1931.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1931.

The Import Duties Act, 1932.

The Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1932.

The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932,

Extent of Repeal.

Subsection (3) of section five.

Subsection (1) of section six.

Subsection (2) of section fifty-three.

In section four, in subsection (1), and in subsection (2), the words " at the rate of fourpence per gallon " where each time occurring.

Subsection (4) of section nineteen.

In section six, the words * ninety-one and *.

In the Second Schedule, so-much as relates to section ninety-one of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act.

Subsection (2) of section forty-four.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

In section one, in subsection (3), the proviso.

Subsection (2) of section one.

In the Second Schedule, so-much of Part I as relates to sections sixty, sixty-four, one hundred and eighty-seven B and one hundred and eighty-seven C of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act; so much of Part

II as relates to section ninety-one and to paragraph (37) of section one hundred and ninety of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act; so much of Part

III as substitutes in section seventeen of the Army Act the words " any public* regimental or garrison property*, and so much as relates to sections seventy-three and one hundred and

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

111

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 22—cont. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1932—cont. seventy-nine of the Army Act and to subsection (3) of section one hundred and fifty-six of the Army Act and of the Air Force Act.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Wheat Act, 1932. Subsection (3) of section eighteen.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 25. The Finance Act, 1932. Subsection (2) of section thirty-one.

22 & 23 Geo.5. c. 29. The Coal Mines Act, 1932. In section one, in subsection (2), the words from " (which is limited " to " thirty-two) ".

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 32. The Patents and Designs Act, 1932. So much of the Schedule as amends subsections (1), (2) and (5) of section ninety-one of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

22 & 23 Geo. 5. c. 41. The Isle of Man (Customs) (No. 2) Act, 1932. Subsection (2) of section ten. Section thirteen.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 19. The Finance Act, 1933. In section twenty, in subsection (1), the words and figure, "Part I of", and the words from " shall have effect" where first occurring to " and the provisions ". Subsection (3) of section forty-seven.

23 & 24 Geo. 3. c. 31. The Agricultural Marketing Act, 1933. Subsection (5) of section twenty-six.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 36. The Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1933. In section one. subsection (2). and, in subsection (3), the words from "and if any such " to the end of the subsection.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 40. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1933. Subsection (9) of section ten. In the Third Schedule, in Part V, paragraphs one to four.

23 & 24 Geo. 5. c. 45. The Sea Fishing Industry Act, 1933. Section six. Subsection (3) of section eight.

2 B*

1st Sch.

—corn.

778

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —corn.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 11. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1934. Section seven. The Second Schedule, so far as it relates to section ninety-one of the Army Act.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Statutory Salaries (Restoration) Act, 1934. The whole Act.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 31. The Debts Clearing Offices and Import Restrictions Act, 1934. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

24 & 25 Geo.5. c. 32. The Finance Act, 1934. Subsection (3) of section thirty.

24 & 25 Geo. 5. c. 54. The Cattle Industry (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1934. In section one, in subsection one, the words "(hereinafter referred to as "the appropriate Ministers ")’’. Subsections (1) and (2) of section five.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c.9. The Herring Industry Act, 1935. Subsection (2) of section fourteen.

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 21. The Northern Ireland Land Purchase (Winding Up) Act, 1935. Subsection (3) of section nine. Subsection (3) of section twelve. In the Second Schedule, in paragraph (6), the words from " (including " to " Act of 1903)".

25 & 26 Geo. 5. c. 24. The Finance Act, 1935. Subsection (3) of section thirty-five.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 21. The Cotton Spinning Industry Act, 1936. The whole Act.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 34. The Finance Act, 1936. Subsection (3) of section thirty-five.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 39. The Firearms (Amendment) Act, 1936. Subsection (3) of section sixteen and the Third Schedule, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 43. The Tithe Act, 1936. Subsections (2) and (3) of section two. Subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section five. Subsections (1) and (2) of section six.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

779

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

26 Geo. 5 & 1 Edw. 8. c. 43—cont.

The Tithe Act, 1936—cont.

1

26 Geo. 5 1 Edw. 8. c. 47.

Edw. 8 1 Geo. 6. c. 33.

Edw. 8 1 Geo. 6. c. 35.

Edw. 8 1 Geo. 6. c. 50.

Edw. 8 1 Geo. 6. c. 52.

I

1

The Crown Lands Act,

1936.

The Diseases of Fish Act,

1937.

The Statutory Salaries Act, 1937.

The Livestock Industry Act, 1937.

The Chairmen of Traffic Commissioners, etc. (Tenure of Office) Act, 1937.

Subsection (2) of section seven.

Section eight.

Sections twenty-two and twenty-three.

In section twenty-five, in subsection (4), paragraphs (6), (/) and (g).

In section twenty-nine, paragraph (a), and, in paragraph (c), the words " subsections (2) and (3) of section two " and " section twenty-two and section twenty-three ".

Subsection (6) of section thirty-one.

In section forty-seven, in subsection (1), the words from 14 44 ecclesiastical tithe rentcharge " " to 44 Ecclesiastical Commissioners ", and from 44 lay tithe rent-charge" to 44 ecclesiastical tithe rentcharge ".

The First Schedule.

Part I of the Third Schedule.

In the Seventh Schedule, paragraphs one to four of Part II.

In the Eighth Schedule, paragraphs two to four, six and seven.

Section five.

Subsection (2) of section two.

The whole Act, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

Subsection (2) forty-nine.

of section

In section one, in subsection (1), the words, 44 and the chairman of the appeal tribunal established by section fifteen of the Road and Rail Traffic Act, 1933" and, in subsection (2), the words from 44 and '* in paragraph (6) to the end of paragraph (c).

2 B* 2

1ST Sch. —cont.

780

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act; 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —com.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 54. The Finance Act, 1937. Subsection (3) of section thirty-four.

1 Edw. 8 & 1 Geo. 6. c. 70. The Agriculture Act 1937. In section one, in subsection (1) , the words "or basic slag ", and paragraph (6) of the proviso; in subsection (2) , the words "and basic slag "; and subsection (3). In section three, in subsection (1), the words " and basic slag ", " or basic slag" and "and of basic slag ", where they each time occur. In section four, the words " or basic slag ". In section five, the words " or basic slag ". In section thirty, in paragraph (b) of subsection (1), the words " or basic slag ".

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 20. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1938. Section four. Section seven.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 46. The Finance Act, 1938. Subsection (1) of section six. Subsection (3) of section fifty-five.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 48. The Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1938. Section eight.

1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 68. Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1938. In section three, in subsection (1), the words " of nine-pence per gallon ".

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 16. The Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1939. Subsection (8) of section ten.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 17. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1939. Section six. Section ten. Subsection (2) of section eleven. Section twelve.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 41. The Finance Act, 1939. Subsection (3) of section thirty-eight.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 45. The Mining Industry (Amendment) Act, 1939. The whole Act.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

781

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 48. The Agricultural Development Act, 1939. Subsection (3) of section twenty-five. Part four. In section thirty-seven, in subsection (3), the words from "In reckoning any such period " to the end of the subsection, and subsection (4).

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 57. The War Risks Insurance Act, 1939. In section nine A, in paragraph (6) of subsection (1) the words "or to subsection (1A) ’’ and, in subsection (2), the words from " but notwithstanding " to the end of the subsection. In section fourteen, in subsection (3), the words from " Iii reckoning " to the end of the subsection.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 62. The Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1939. In section one, in subsection (2) , paragraphs (a) and (oa). In section two, in subsection (3) , the words from " but, notwithstanding ’’ to the end of the subsection. Section six. In section eleven, in subsection (1), the proviso, and subsection (2).

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 64. The Currency (Defence) Act, 1939. Subsection (2) of section two.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 82. The Personal Injuries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1939. In section two, in subsection (3), the words from "In reckoning" to the end of the subsection. Sections three to five.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 85. The House of Commons (Service in His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1939. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 89. The Trading with the Enemy Act, 1939. Section eight.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 91. The National Registration Act, 1939. The whole Act.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 109. The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939. Subsection (3) of section twenty-four.

1st Sch. —coni.

782

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

— con.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 113.

The Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1939.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 115.

The Local Elections and Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 118.

The Prices of Goods Act, 1939.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 7.

The Trade Boards and Road Haulage Wages (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

The whole Act.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 10.

The Industrial Assurance and Friendly Societies (Emergency Protection from Forfeiture) Act, 1940.

In section two, in subsection (1), the words from "(which provides " to " in arrear) ", the words " in addition to the matters required to be stated under the said section ", " in the prescribed form " and from " in writing within" to "in the notice"; in subsection (3) the words " in the prescribed form"; and subsection (4).

In section five, subsection (1) and, in subsection (3), the words from " it shall serve " to "Commissioner, and" and "in accordance with the notice ".

In section six, the words from " if the Commissioner " to " have been granted; ".

Section seven.

In section eight, in subsection (1), the words " in the prescribed form " and from " to the society " to " specified in the notice"; in subsection (3), the words " in the prescribed form "; and, in subsection (6), the words " and seven " and from "(a) for the reference " to " section; and ".

In section ten, in subsection (1), the words from " " prescribed " means " to " of Friendly Societies ".

1953

Statute Law Revision

Ch. 5

783

Act, 1953

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 14. The Agriculture (Miscellaneous War Provisions) Act, 1940. Section eleven.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 15. The Solicitors (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940. Section two. Sections five to seven. In section eight, the words from " Provincial Law Society" to "section one of the principal Act ".

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 18. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1940. Subsections (1) and (2) of section three.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 19. The Societies (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1940. In section one, in subsection (2), the words from " may dispense with " to " places and" and from and" at the end of paragraph (b) to the end of paragraph (c), and subsections (4) and (5). Subsection (4) of section two. Sections three and four. Section seven.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 20. The Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1940. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 28. The Evidence and Powers of Attorney Act, 1940. Sections one to three. Sections five to seven. Subsection (2) of section eight.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 29. The Finance Act, 1940. Section eight, so far as unrepealed. Subsection (3) of section sixty-five.

3 A 4 Geo. 6. c. 40. The Colonial Development and Welfare Act, 1940. In section two, in the proviso to subsection (2), the words from the beginning of paragraph (a) to "; or " at the end of that paragraph. In section three, subsections (1) and (2); in subsection (3), the figure and word " n and " and in paragraph (a), the words from the beginning of sub-paragraph (i) to "; and " at end of that sub-paragraph, and, in paragraph (6), the words from the beginning of sub-paragraph (i) to *; and "

1st Sea

— com.

784

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 ELiz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 40—cont. The Colonial Development and Welfare Act, 1940— cont. at end of that sub-paragraph; and subsections (4) and (). Parts I, II and IV of the Schedule.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 45. The Emergency Powers (Defence) (No. 2) Act, 1940. The whole Act

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 48. The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940. Subsection (3) of section forty-two.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1940. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 5. The Railways Agreement (Powers) Act, 1940. The whole Act.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 8. The House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941. The whole Act.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 12. The War Damage Act, 1941. In section seventy-five, subsection (3); and, in subsection (4), the words " and section eleven A ", and " or subsection (1A) ". Subsection (3) of section seventy-eight.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 23. The Temporary Migration of Children (Guardianship) Act, 1941. The whole Act.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 24. The Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1941. In section one, in subsection (2) , paragraph (b) of the proviso, and subsections (4), (8) and (9). In section two, in subsection (1), the words from " and shall appoint* to "be necessary;" and from "and any such " to the end of the subsection; subsections(2), (3) and (4); and in subsection (), the words from the beginning to " district, and " and " or subordinate officer " where next occurring.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

785

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 24—cont.

The Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1941—

cont.

In section three, in subsection (1), the words from " and any such application'* to the end of the subsection; in subsection (2), paragraph (c), and subsections (4) and (5).

Subsection (2) of section four.

Subsection (4) of section ten. In section eleven, in subsection (2), the words " or under section three of this

Act,’*.

In section fourteen, in subsection (1), the words from "and no application'* to "in respect of the firm"; subsections (5) to (8), and in subsection (9), the words from the beginning to 44 this Act, but".

In section fifteen, subsection (2); in subsection (3), the words from the beginning to 44 business; and *'; in subsection (6), in paragraph (a), the words from " or bankruptcy " to " bankruptcy petition *, and from 44 or, as the ’’ to 44 winding-up petition ", and subsection (8).

In section sixteen, subsection (2), and in subsection (3) the words from 44 but section one '* to the end of the subsection.

Subsection (3) of section seventeen.

Subsections (3) and (4) of section twenty.

Subsections (1), (3), (4) and (5) of section twenty-four. Section twenty-five.

1st Sch.

—cont.

4 & 5 Geo. 6.

c. 30.

The Finance Act, 1941.

Section three.

Subsection (3) of section fifty-two.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 31.

The Goods and Services The whole Act, so far as (Price Control) Act, 1941. unrepealed.

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 47.

The Marriage (Members of The whole Act, so far as His Majesty’s Forces) Act, umepealed.

1941.

786

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—con/.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal

4 & 5 Geo. 6. c. 50. The Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1941. Subsection (1) of section one.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 1. The Arthur Jenkins Indemnity Act, 1941. The whole Act.

5 A 6 Geo. 6. c. 9. The Restoration of Pre-War Trade Practices Act, 1942. In section thirteen, in paragraph (e), the words "a board of guardians ", "or board of guardians*', and "or boards".

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 11. The Ministers of the Crown and House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1942. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 15. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1942. Section five.

5 A 6 Geo. 6. c. 20. The Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1942. Section one.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 21. The Finance Act, 1942. Subsection (4) of section forty-nine.

5 & 6 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Pensions (Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942. Section seven.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 10. The House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1943. The whole Act.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 15. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1943. Section nine. Subsection (1) of section eleven.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 19. The Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1943. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed..

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 28. The Finance Act, 1943. Subsection (3) of section thirty-one.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 35. The Foreign Service Act, 1943. In the Schedule, so much as relates to the Consular Salaries and Fees Act, 1891, and the British Nationality and Status of Aliens Act, 1914; the words from " (a) as respects the " to " subsequent financial year and so much as relates to the Evidence (Foreign, Dominion and Colonial Documents) Act, 1933.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

787

Session and

Chapter.

6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 47.

[Short Title.]

The Price Control (Regulation of Disposal of Stocks) Act, 1943.

Extent of Repeal.

The whole Act.

1st Sch.

—cont.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 6.

The Courts (Emergency Powers) (Scotland) Act, 1944.

The whole Act.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 11.

The House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1944.

The whole Act.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 23.

The Finance Act, 1944.

Subsection (4) of section forty-nine.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 28.

The Agriculture (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1944.

Section four.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 32.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 35.

7 & 8 Geo. 6. c. 40.

The Herring Industry Act, 1944.

The National Fire Service Regulations (Indemnity) Act, 1944.

The Liabilities (War-Time Adjustment) Act, 1944.

So much of the Schedule as relates to the Herring Industry Act, 1938.

The whole Act.

Subsections (3) to (9) of section two.

Section three.

In section four, in subsection (2), the words from " and paragraph (ii) " to the end of the subsection.

Subsection (4) of section eight.

Sections thirteen and fourteen.

In section twenty-one, the words from " " the principal debt"" to "shall be construed accordingly ".

In the Second Schedule, so much as relates to subsection (2) of section one, to subsection (4) of section two, to subsections (2) and (4) of section three, to subsections (1) and (4) of section ten, to sections fourteen, fifteen and sixteen, to subsection (3) of section twenty, and to section twenty-four, of the principal Act.

788

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 12. The Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1945. Subsection (1) of section four. Subsection (2) of section twelve. The Schedule.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 18. The Local Authorities Loans Act, 1945. Section one. In section nine, in subsection (1), the words from " but section one " to the end of the subsection, and subsection (3).

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 19. The Ministry of Fuel and Power Act, 1945. Subsection (4) of section three. Subsection (2) of section seven.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. c. 44. The Treason Act, 1945. The Schedule, except in so far as it relates to the Treason Act, 1695, and the Treason Act, 1708.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 8. The War Damage (Valuation Appeals) Act, 1945. The whole Act.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 10. The Supplies and Services (Transitional Powers) Act, 1945. Subsection (2) of section two. In section four, in subsection (1), the words from 44 in accordance with " to 44 section and* and from 44In reckoning* to the end of the subsection, and subsection (2).

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 13. The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945. Subsection (3) of section sixty-two.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 18. The Statutory Orders (Special Procedure) Act, 1945. The Second Schedule, so far as it relates to the Local Government (Boundary Commission) Act, 1945.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 22. The Dock Workers (Regulation of Employment) Act, 1946. In section two, in subsection (8), the words from 44 In reckoning*’ to the end of the subsection. Section three. Paragraph four of the Schedule.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act; 1953

Ch. 5

789

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Emergency Laws (Transitional Provisions) Act, 1946. Section two. Subsection (3) of section three. Sections four and five. Sections ten to thirteen. In section fourteen, in subsection (1), the words from " In reckoning " to the end of the subsection, and subsection (2). Subsection (2) of section twenty-two. In the First Schedule, in Part III, paragraphs five, six and nine.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 30. The Trunk Roads Act, 1946. So much of the Fourth Schedule as relates to subsection (3) of section six of the Trunk Roads Act, 1936.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 31. The Ministers of the Crown (Transfer of Functions) Act, 1946. In section seven, in subsection (1), paragraph (a) and the words " and subsection (2) of section ten shall cease to have effect ’* and subsection (2).

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 32. The Agricultural Development (Ploughing Up of Land) Act, 1946. The whole Act.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 47. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1946. In section three, the words from " and in section eighty-five " to " completed twenty-one years service) " and the words " in both places where those words occur".

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946. In section one, in subsection (1), the words "and the next following", and subsection (6). Section two. In section seven, in subsection (1), the proviso, and in subsection (3), the words 44 made after the expiration of two years from the commencement of this Act ". Subsection (4) of section ten. Part IV of the Second Schedule.

1st Sch. —com.﻿790

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act; 1953

2 Eliz. 2

In Sch.

—con/.

Session and

Chapter.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 49—cont.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 60.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 62.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 64.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67.

[Short Title.]

The Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946—cont.

The Superannuation Act, 1946.

The National Insurance (Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946.

The Finance Act, 1946.

The National Insurance Act , 1946.

Extent of Repeal.

The Third Schedule.

So much of the Fourth Schedule as amends the Electric lighting Act, 1909, the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, and the Fourth Schedule to the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946.

Subsections (2) and (3) of section seven.

Paragraphs six to eight of the Second Schedule.

In section thirty-two, in subsection (1), the words " penal servitude ".

In section fifty-nine, in subsection (1), in paragraph (A), the words from " during the period " where they fim occur to " and thereafter ".

Subsections (3) and (4) of section eighty-seven.

Subsection (1) of section eighty-nine, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland.

The Ninth Schedule, in so fiv as it extends to Northern Ireland.

Subsection (4) of section nine.

Subsection (4) of section sixty-seven.

In section twenty-nine, in subsection (1), in paragraph (b), the words "penal servitude ".

In section thirty-nine, in subsection (1), the words in paragraph (6) from " during the period " where they first occur to " and thereafter ".

Subsection (5) of section sixty-eight.

In section sixty-nine, in subsection (1), paragraphs (a\ (b) and (</), and subsections (2), (3) and (6).

Subsections (2) and (3) of section seventy.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act; 1953

Ch. 5

791

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 67—cont. The National Insurance Act, 1946— cont. In section seventy-three, in subsection (1), the words "subject to the following provisions of this section " and from " and different " to the end of the subsection, and subsections (2) to (5). Subsections (4) and (5) of section seventy-six. Paragraph (0 of section seventy-nine. In the Eleventh Schedule, so much as relates to the National Service (Armed Forces) Act, 1939.

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 73. The Hill Farming Act, 1946. In section thirty-seven, in subsection (1), the words from "In reckoning the period " to the end of the subsection, and subsection (2).

9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 76. The Unemployment Insurance (Eire Volunteers) Act, 1946. In section five, in subsection (1), the words from "so however, that " to the end of the subsection, and subsections (2) and (3).

10 All Geo.6. c. 5. The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1947. Section one.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c.8. The Road Traffic (Driving Licences) Act, 1947. Section one.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 16. The Summer Time Act, 1947. Subsection (1) of section one.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 19. The Polish Resettlement Act, 1947. Subsections (1), (3) and (4) of section two, so far as unrepealed. In section four, in subsection (1), the words from " medical needs as " to " 1934 or other". Section five. In section six, in subsection (1), the words " or members of any of the Polish resettlement forces ".

1st Sch. —cont

792

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

In Sch. —am

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Polish Resettlement Act, c. 19—cont. 1947—cont.

Sections eight and nine.

In section ten, in subsection (1), the definition of the "General Medical

Council ’*.

Subsection (2) of section twelve.

Part I of the Schedule, so far as unrepealed.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 35.

The Finance Act, 1947,

Subsection (6) of section three.

In section four, in subsection (4), the words from " In reckoning* to the end of the subsection, and subsection (5).

Subsections (1) and (8) of section five.

Section thirteen.

Subsection (5) of section thirty-three.

In section fifty-six, in subsection (1), the words from the beginning to "as a notary public; and *.

In the Eighth Schedule, in Part I, sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph one.

Part I of the Eleventh Schedule.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Northern Ireland Act, c. 37. 1947.

In section eight, paragraph (a) of subsection (1).

10 & 11 Geo. 6. The Acquisition of Land c. 42. (Authorisation Procedure)

(Scotland) Act, 1947.

In section one, in subsection (1), the words "and the next following *.

Section two.

In section sue, in subsection (1), the proviso, and, in subsection (3), the words " made after the seventeenth day of April, nineteen hundred and forty-eight*.

Subsection (3) of section eight.

Part III of the Second Schedule.

The Third Schedule.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

793

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 44. The Grown Proceedings Act, 1947. In section thirty-four, in subsection (5), and in section fifty-three, in subsection (7), the words, where each time-occurring, from " notwithstanding anything " to the end of the subsection.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 48. The Agriculture Act, 1947. In section seven, in subsection (3), the words from " In reckoning " to the end of the subsection. In section ninety-two, in subsection (1), the proviso. In section ninety-three, in subsection (1), in paragraph (6), the words " except seo-tion two of the last mentioned Act ". In section one hundred and eight, in Subsection (1), the words from " In reckoning* to the end of the subsection.

10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Transport Act, 1947. In section eight, the words " (except section two thereof)".

11 &12 Geo.6. c. 1. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1947. The whole Act.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c.3. The Burma Independence Act, 1947. Subsections (4) and (3) of section three. In section four, subsection (1), and, in subsection (2), the words from " and any proceedings * to the end of the subsection.

11 &12 Geo.6. c. 7. The Ceylon Independence Act, 1947. In section four, in subsection (4), the words from "so however*, to the end of the subsection, and subsection (5).

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c.8. The Mandated and Trust Territories Act, 1947. In section one, in subsection (6), the words from "In reckoning* to the end of the subsection, and subsection (7).

1st Sch. —cont.

794

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—cant.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

ll&12Gco. 6. c.9.

The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947.

In section nine, in subsection (2), paragraphs (a), (b) and (c).

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Emergency Laws (Mis-c. 10. cellaneous Provisions) Act,

1947.

In section one, in subsection (1), paragraph (a), and, in subsection (2), the proviso.

Subsection (1) of section three.

Subsection (4) of section four.

Section five, so far as unrepealed.

Section six.

In section eleven, in subsection (1), the words from * (which requires * to " Aviation) " and from " and any transaction " to the end of the subsection.

In the First Schedule, Part I; Part II except in so far as it relates to regulation seventy-six of the Defence (General) Regulations,

1939, so much of Part HI as relates to regulations two BA (in so far as extending to Northern Ireland), twelve, fourteen, sixteen, twenty AB, twenty-two, twenty-three CB, twenty-three CC, thirty-two A, thirty-two AA, thirty-three, thirty-nine, forty-two C, forty-two CA, forty-five A, fifty, fifty B, fifty-five C, sixty AB, sixty C, sixty CC, and eighty-nine of the Defence (General) Regulations, 1939 and to Defence (Administration of Justice) Regulations, 1940, regulations twenty-one and twenty-eight A, and the Third Schedule of the Defence (Agriculture and Fisheries) Regulations, 1939, regulations two and three of Defence (Armed Forces) Regulations, 1939, Defence (Companies) Regulations,

1940, Defence (Evacuated Areas) Regulations, 1940, Defence (Functions of Ministers) Regulations, 1941,

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

795

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Emergency Laws (Mis-c. 10—cont. cellaneous Provisions) Act,

1947—cont.

Defence (Industrial Assurance) Regulations, 1943, Defence (Parliamentary Under-Secretaries) Regulations, 1940, regulations five A, seven, eight and nine of Defence (Patents, Trade Marks, etc.) Regulations, 1941, Defence (Trading with the Enemy) Regulations, 1940, Defence (War Risks Insurance) Regulations, 1940, Defence (War Risks Insurance) (No. 2) Regulations, 1940, Defence (War Risks Insurance) (No. 4) Regulations, 1940, Defence (War Risks Insurance) Regulations, 1945, and Defence (Womens Forces) Regulations, 1941;

and Part IV.

1st Sch.

—cont.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Medical Practitioners c. 11. and Pharmacists Act, 1947.

Subsection (3) of section eleven.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Overseas Resources c. 15. Development Act, 1948.

Subsections (2) to (5) of section five.

In section eleven, in subsection (3), in paragraph (a), the words from " in the case of", where occurring the first time, to the end of that paragraph, and, in paragraph (6), from "in the case of ", where occurring the first time to the end of that paragraph.

In section twelve, in subsection (1), the words from "in the case of", where occurring the first time, to the end of the subsection.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Army and Air Force c. 28. (Annual) Act, 1948.

The Preamble. Section two.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The National Assistance c. 29. Act, 1948.

Subsections (5) and (7) of section ten.

Subsection (3) of section thirty.

Subsection (7) of section fifty.

796

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch.

—cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

11 &12Gco.6. c. 29—cont.

The National Assistance Act, 1948—cont.

In section fifty-eight, subsection (3), and, in subsection (4), the words " (other than section two thereof) ".

In the Fourth Schedule, sub-paragraph (4) of paragraph one, sub-paragraph (2) of paragraph two, and paragraphs four, six and seven.

In the Sixth Schedule, paragraph one, sub-paragraphs (3) (6) and (3) (i) of paragraph two, sub-paragraphs (1) and (3) of paragraph three, sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph five, and paragraph eighteen.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Motor Spirit (Regula-c. 34. tion) Act, 1948.

The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 38.

The Companies Act, 1948.

In section four hundred and fifty-nine, in subsection (1), the words " The enactments mentioned ", and " first and second columns of Part I of the"; the words from "are hereby" to "that Schedule,", where firstly occurring; the words from " so far as " to " this subsection", and from "and paragraph (2) " to the end of the subsection; and, in so far as they extend to Northern Ireland, subsections (2) to (17).

Part I of the Seventeenth Schedule.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 43.

The Children Act, 1948.

In section twenty-nine, in subsection (3), the words from " (a) if the home " to " any other case ".

Subsection (2) of section fifty-five.

In the Second Schedule, sub* paragraph (2) of paragraph eight, and paragraphs nine and eleven.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. The Agriculture (Scotland) c. 45. Act, 1948.

In section sixty-three, in subsection (1), the proviso.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

797

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 49. The Finance Act, 1948. Subsections (3) to (6) of section one. Section thirteen. Subsection (4) of section seventeen. Subsections (4) and (10) of section eighty-two. The Eleventh Schedule.

11 A12 Geo. 6. c. 51. White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1948. In section five, in subsection (3), the words from " (which authorises'* to "of that Act) *' and from " Provided that" to " forty-nine ". Subsection (9) of section seven.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 58. The Criminal Justice Act, 1948. In section eighty-two, the words and figures from * Part HI of " to " the said Part III So much of subsection (3) of section eighty-three and of Part III of the Tenth Schedule as extends to Northern Ireland.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 61. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1948. Section seven.

11 & 12 Geo. 6. a 64. The National Service Act, 1948. Subsection (1) of section sixty. The Sixth Schedule.

11 A 12 Geo. 6. c. 65. The Representation of the People Act, 1948. Subsection (5) of section seventy-four. In section eighty, in subsection (7), the words from the beginning to " Provided that", and paragraph In the Tenth Schedule, paragraph eight of Part I, so far as unrepealed, and paragraph three of Part n. The Eleventh Schedule. The Thirteenth Schedule.

12, 13 14 Geo. 6. c.3. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1948. The whole Act.

1st Sch. —cont.

798

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Seal. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 11. The Railway and Canal Commission (Abolition) Act, 1949. Subsection (2) of section two. In section three, in subsection (1), the words from " and section eight'* to the end of the subsection. Section five. Subsection (2) of section eight. The Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 27. The Juries Act, 1949. Section twenty-one. In section thirty-five, in subsection (3), the words from the beginning to " Provided that". The Second and Third Schedules.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 28. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1949. The Preamble. Section two. Subsection (2) of section three.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 38. The Agricultural Marketing Act, 1949. Sections thirteen and fourteen. In section twenty, in subsection (2), the words from the beginning to " Provided that". The Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 42. The Lands Tribunal Act, 1949. The Second Schedule, except in so far as it relates to the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 43. The Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section thirteen. Subsection (3) of section thirty-five. Subsection (5) of section thirty-seven. The Third Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 44. The Superannuation Act, 1949. Subsection (6) of section thirty-nine. Subsection (2) of section sixty-four. The Third Schedule.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

799

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

12, 13 14 Geo. 6. c. 47. The Finance Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section three. Section nine, so far as unrepealed. Subsection (3) of section ten. Subsection (2) of section eleven. In section fifty-two, sub* section (3) and, in subsection (7), paragraph! (a)* In the Eleventh Schedule, Parts I to VII, except, in each Part, the saving.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. The Coal Industry Act, 1949. Section three. Section six.

c. 53.

12, 13 14 Geo. 6. c. 58. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1949. Section six. Subsection (3) of section seven. The Third Schedule.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 66. The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section eight. The Third Schedule.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 67. The Civil Aviation Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section seventy. The Twelfth Schedule.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 68. The Representation of the People Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section one hundred and seventy-five. The Ninth Schedule.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1949. The whole Act.

c. 71.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 74. The Coast Protection Act, 1949. Subsection (9) of section eighteen. Subsection (5) of section thirty-four. Subsection (1) of section thirty-nine. Section forty-eight. The Third Schedule.

12, 13 A 14 Geo. 6. c. 76. The Marriage Act, 1949, The Fifth Schedule, except in so far as it relates to the Marriages Validity Act, 1899, the Naval Marriages Act, 1908, and section one of the Marriage Act, 1939.

1st Sch. —cont.

800

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —cons.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 78. The Married Women (Restraint upon Anticipation) Act, 1949. Subsection (4) of section one. The Second Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 80. The Telegraph Act, 1949. The whole Act.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 86. The Electoral Registers Act, 1949. Subsection (2) of section three. Subsection (3) of section five. The Third Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 87. The Patents Act, 1949. The Second Schedule, except in so far as it relates to the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 88. The Registered Designs Act, 1949. The Second Schedule, except in so far as it relates to the Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 89. The Vehicles (Excise) Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section thirty. Paragraphs three and four of the Sixth Schedule. The Seventh Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 90. The Election Commissioners Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section twenty-one. The Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 91. The Air Corporations Act, 1949. Subsection (1) of section forty-one. The Third Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 96. The Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949. In section three, in subsection (6), paragraphs (6) and (c). Subsection (3) of section sixteen. The Second Schedule.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 101. 14 Geo. 6. c.2. The Justices of the Peace Act, 1949. The Post Office and Telegraph (Money) Act, 1950. In section fifteen, in subsection (7), the words * and in section thirteen of the Money Payments (Justices Procedure) Act, 1935 ". Subsections (1) and (6) of section two. The Schedule.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

801

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

14 Geo. 6. c. 3. The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1950. The Preamble. Sections two and three. In section ten, the words " for repealing provisions which have become spent or otherwise*. Section eleven. Paragraph one of the First Schedule. The Second Schedule.

14 Geo. 6. c. 5. The Newfoundland (Consequential Provisions) Act, 1950. Subsection (2) of section one. Part II of the Schedule.

14 Geo. 6. c. 6. The Statute Law Revision Act, 1950. Section one. The First, Second and Third Schedules.

14 Geo. 6. c. 9. The Merchant Shipping Act, 1950. Subsection (8) of section three.

14 Geo. 6. c. 14. The International Organisations (Immunities and Privileges) Act, 1950. Subsection (1) of section seven.

14 Geo. 6. c. 15. The Finance Act, 1950. Subsection (6) of section thirteen. Section fourteen, so far as unrepealed. Subsection (3) of section sixteen. Subsection (2) of section thirty-eight, in so far as it extends to Northern Ireland. Subsections (3) and (8) of section fifty. The Eighth Schedule.

14 Geo. 6. c. 19. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1950. Section four. Subsection (2) of section seven. Subsection (2) of section eight. The Schedule.

14 Geo. 6. c. 21. The Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act, 1950. Subsection (2) of section five. The Schedule.

14 Geo. 6. c. 24. The Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950. In section eight, in subsection (2), the proviso.

14 Geo. 6. c. 26. The Adoption Act, 1950. Subsection (1) of section forty-six. The Fourth Schedule.

2 C

1st Sch. —coni.

802

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

1st Sch. —cont.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

14 Geo. 6. c. 32. The Army Reserve Act, 1950. Subsection (2) of section twenty-nine. The Third Schedule, except in so far as it relates to the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, and the Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949.

14 Geo. 6. c. 33. The Air Force Reserve Act, 1950. Subsection (2) of section twenty-eight. Part II of the Third Schedule.

14 Geo. 6. c. 36. The Diseases of Animals Act, 1950. Subsection (1) of section eighty-nine. The Fifth Schedule.

14 Geo. 6. c. 37. The Maintenance Orders Act, 1950. Section thirty.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 1. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1950. The whole Act.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 9. The Restoration of Pre-War Trade Practices Act, 1950. Subsection (4) of section three.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 20. The Overseas Resources Development Act, 1951. In section one, in subsection (4), the words from " and in relation to " to the end of the subsection.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 29. The Reverend J. G. Mac-Manaway’s Indemnity Act, 1951. The whole Act.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 34. The National Insurance Act, 1951. Subsection (2) of section one. Subsection (1) of section two. Subsections (1) and (3) of section three. Subsection (1) of section four. Section five. Subsection (1) of section nine.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 43. The Finance Act, 1951. Subsection (3) of section forty-four.

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 51. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1951. Subsection (4) of section one. Section two. Subsection (5) of section three.

15 & 16 Geo. 6. & 1 Eliz. 2. c. 33. The Finance Act, 1952. Subsections (2) and (3) of section one.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

803

SECOND SCHEDULE Section I.

Acts of thb Irish Parliament

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

28 Hen. 8. c.7. The Treason Act (Ireland), 1537. In section one, the words " after the first day of February next coming " and the words "after the said first day of February " wherever they occur.

2 Eliz. c. 1. The Act of Supremacy (Ireland), 1560. In section fifteen, the words from the beginning to " to the contrary notwithstanding ".

10 & 11 Cbas. 1. c. 11. The Common Informers Act (Ireland), 1634. In section one, the words " after the end of this present session of Parliament*.

7 Will. 3. c. 3. The Settlement of Ireland Act, 1695. Section one.

7 Will. 3. c. 12. The Statute of Frauds (Ireland), 1695. In section twenty, the words " that the prerogative court of the archbishop of Armagh, and other ecclesiastical courts, and other *.

10 Will. 3. c. 10. The Inquisitions Act (Ireland), 1698. In section three, the words from " to any inquisition or office *’ to " ninety-eight, nor ’*.

2 Anne, c. 5. The Treason Act (Ireland), 1703. In section one, the words from " from and after ’’ to " seven hundred and three’*.

6 Anne, c. 8. The Privilege of Parliament Act (Ireland), 1707. In the preamble, the words from " Whereas by a statute made’* to "nor troubled by no mean ’*.

2 Geo. 1. c. 20. The Limitation Act (Ireland), 1715. In section one, the words "after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.* In section three, the words " after the first day of July in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen’*; the words "or informations *; " or information*; "exhibited* and " or exhibited *’, wherever they occur, and the words " after the said first day of July *.

2C 2

804

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Buz.2

2nd Sch. —coni.

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

6 Geo. 1. c. 5. The Protestant Dissenters Relief Act (Ireland), 1719. In section fourteen, the words " after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and nineteen.* Section sixteen.

1 Geo. 2. c. 8. The Privilege of Parliament Act (Ireland), 1727. In section one, the words "from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty eight*.

11 Geo. 2. c. 5. The Privilege of Parliament Act (Ireland), 1737. Section three, so far as unrepealed.

1 Geo. 3. c. 9. The Gold and Silver Thread Act (Ireland), 1761. Section nine.

3 Geo. 3. c. 16. The Charitable Uses Act (Ireland), 1763. Section fifteen.

21 & 22 Geo. 3. c. 11. The Habeas Corpus Act (Ireland), 1781. Section thirteen.

21 & 22 Geo. 3. P.16. The Bank of Ireland Act (Ireland), 1781. In section four, the words "before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty four *. Section five. Section twenty. In section twenty-one, the words from " then, and in such case * to " or request, or*.

21 & 22 Geo. 3. c. 20. The Crown Debts (Ireland) Act, 1781. In section twenty-three, the words " customer, collector or receiver * and the words " by him collected or received,*.

27 Geo. 3. c. 35. The Game Act (Ireland), 1787. Section twenty four.

33 Geo. 3. c. 18. The Lotteries Act (Ireland), 1793. In section twenty-seven, the words from "and that if any person or persons shall be sued * to the end of the section.

33 Geo. 3. c. 21. An Act for the Relief of His Majesty’s Popish or Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed.

1953

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

805

Session and Chapter. Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

33 Geo. 3. c. 34. The Civil List Act (Ireland), 1793. The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except section fifteen.

35 Geo. 3. c. 28. The Collection of Revenue Act (Ireland), 1795. Sections five, six and eight. In section eleven, the words " the receiver general of ". In section twenty-three, the words "by any receiver general, or *\ In section twenty-five, the words " or any receiver general of any duties payable to His Majesty ", and the words "receiver general" occurring before " collector, or distributor ".

35 Geo. 3. c. 29. The Representation of the People Act (Ireland), 1795. Section seventy-six.

36 Geo. 3. c. 31. The Treason by Women Act (Ireland), 1796. Section four, so far as unrepealed.

38 Geo. 3. c.2. The Quo Warranto Act (Ireland), 1798. In section one, the words from " after the first day " to "ninety-eight".

40 Geo. 3. c. 29. The Parliamentary Representation Act (Ireland), 1800. In the preamble, the words " four lords spiritual of Ireland by rotation of sessions, and "; and the words from "and one hundred commoners " to " the parliament of the united kingdom ". Section two. In section three, the word "said " where each time occurring, and the words from " and that all " to " serve in parliament; ". In section seven, the words " specified in this Act " and " according to the number hereinbefore set forth".

40 Geo. 3. c. 38. The Act of Union (Ireland), 1800. In section one, in article four, in paragraph one, the words " four lords spiritual of Ireland, by rotation of sessions, and"; and from "and one hundred commoners " to the end of the paragraph; in paragraph three the words " spiritual

2nd Sch. —amt.

806

Ch. 5

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

2 Eliz. 2

2nd Sch. —contm

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

40 Geo. 3. The Act of Union (Ireland) c. 38—cont. 1800—cont.

Extent of Repeal.

, or’*; in paragraph nine

the words'" spiritual and " where occurring for the first and last time; in paragraph eleven, the words from " and that all lords spiritual 44 to 44 trial of peers excepted"; in article five, the words from 41 the churches of England and Ireland " to " in like manner "; and article

seven.

In section two, the words " four lords spiritual of Ireland by rotation of sessions, and "; from " and one hundred commoners " to 44 as is hereinafter provided: that".

Section three.

In section four the word 44said* where each time occurring, and from 44 and that all the other towns," to44 representatives to serve in Parliament44 and44 other than the aforesaid44 where next occurring thereafter.

In section five, the words from 44 the primate of all Ireland44 to 44 for the first session thereof ".

Sections six and seven.

In section eight the words 44 specified in this Act44 and the words 44 according to the number herein before set forth ".

In section nine, the words from "provided always44 to the end of the section.

1933

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1953

Ch. 5

807

THIRD SCHEDULE Church Assembly Measures

Session and Number Short Title. Extent of Repeal.

3 & 4 Geo. 6. e The Benefice Buildings The whole Measure.

No. 2. (Postponement of Inspections and Repayment of Loans) Measure, 1940.

8 & 9 Geo. 6. The Emergency Legislation Section seven.

No. 1. Measure, 1944.

FOURTH SCHEDULE

Omissions from First Schedule to the Statute Law Revision Act, 1950, -by virtue of s. 3 of this Act

Relevant sections Words and subsection references to which are to be deemed omitted from the Act of 1950

Section twenty-two of the Naval Volunteers Act, 1853. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 73. The words " any such " where occurring for the last time.

Section five of the National Debt Act, 1870. 33 & 34 Vict. c. 71. The words " The perpetual annuities described in the first schedule to this Act ", and the word "and " which precedes the words " the several capital sums ".

Section ten of the Agricultural Development Act, 1939. 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 48. Subsection (2).

Table of Statutes referred to in this Act (otherwise than in the Schedules)

Short Title Session and Chapter

Union with Ireland Act, 1800 39 &40 Geo. 3. c. 67.

Irish Church Act, 1869 32 & 33 Vict. c. 42.

Government of Ireland Act, 1920 10 & 11 Geo. 5. c. 67.

Statute Law Revision Act, 1950 14 Geo. 6. c. 6.

Section 1.

Section 3.

808

Ch. 6,7

Public Works Loans , 1953

2Euz. 2

Grants for public works.

50 & 51 Vict c. 16.

Limit of commitments by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

9 A 10 Geo. < c. 75.

Short title.

CHAPTER 6

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans out of the Local Loans Fund.

[18th December 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There may be issued by the National Debt Commissioners for the purpose of local loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred million pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during the period beginning with the passing of this Act and ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

2. The period aforesaid shall be an issue period within the meaning of section two of the Public Works Loans (No. 2) Act, 1946 (which enables the Public Works Loan Commissioners to undertake to grant loans whidh include loans falling to be advanced after the expiration of the current issue period), and the aggregate of—

(a) the commitments of the said Commissioners outstanding at any time during the said issue period in respect of undertakings entered into by them (whether during or before the beginning of that period) to grant local loans, and

(b) the advances in respect of local loans made by the said Commissioners during that period up to that time, shall not exceed the sum of twelve hundred million pounds.

3. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Loans Act, 1953.

CHAPTER 7

An Act to increase the borrowing powers of the British Overseas Airways Corporation and the British European Airways Corporation; to make provision for the payment of pension benefits in respect of the service of members of those corporations; and to amend the law with respect to the limitation of actions and other proceedings against those corporations or their servants or agents.

[18th December 1953.]

1953

Air Corporations , 1953

Ch. 7

809

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The limit imposed by section twelve of the Air Corporations Increase of Act, 1949, on the amount outstanding at any time of money borrowing borrowed by either of the air corporations shall be raised— oSJ^tion

(a) as respects money borrowed by the British Overseas 12,13 A14 Airways Corporation, from sixty million pounds to °eo‘ 6*®*91 • eighty million pounds;

(b) as respects money, borrowed by the British European Airways Corporation, from twenty million pounds to thirty-five million pounds.

2.—(1) Regulations made under section twenty-one of the Air Pensions in Corporations Act, 1949, may make provision for securing that resp^V?f f . where an employee of either of the air corporations, being an employee in respect of whose service benefits are provided by a pension scheme established under that section, becomes a member of the corporation, his service as such a member (whether before or after the passing of this Act) shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as if it were service as such an employee.

(2) Each of the air corporations shall make such provision for the payment of pensions to or in respect of such members of the corporation as the Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation may with the approval of the Treasury determine, but no provision shall be made under this subsection in the case of a member in respect of whose service provision may be made under subsection (1) of this section.

(3) The Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation shall as soon as possible lay before each House of Parliament a statement of such provision for the payment of pensions to or in respect of members of each of the air corporations as he with the approval of the Treasury has determined.

3.—(1) The Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893, and section Limitation of twenty-one of the Limitation Act, 1939, shall not apply to any ^tions, etc. action, prosecution or proceeding against either of the air| 6j 57Vlct* corporations or in respect of any act, neglect or default done A 3 Geo. 6. or committed by a servant or agent of either of the corporations c-21 * in his capacity as such a servant or agent.

(2) In their application to any such action as aforesaid sections two and three of the Limitation Act, 1939 (which relate to limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions), shall have effect with the substitution therein for references to six years of references to three years.

810

Ch. 7,8

Air Corporations , 1953

2 Eliz. 2

Interpretation, short title and citation.

Alteration of date for publication of registers, of qualifying date for registration etc.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 86.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to any action where the cause of action has accrued before the passing of this Act or to any criminal proceedings for an offence committed before the passing of this Act; but for the purposes of this subsection no cause of action in respect of any continuing act, neglect or default shall be deemed to have accrued until the act, neglect or default has ceased.

4.—(1) In this Act the expression " the air corporations " means the British Overseas Airways Corporation and the British European Airways Corporation.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Air Corporations Act, 1953.

(3) The Air Corporations Act, 1949, and this Act may be cited together as the Air Corporations Acts, 1949 and 1953.

CHAPTER 8

An Act to alter the date for the publication, in the year

tions for which those registers are to be used, and the qualifying date for those elections, and make further provision in place of section four of the Electoral Registers Act, 1949.

[18th December 1953.]

BE it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Electoral Registers Act, 1949, shall have effect with the substitution for subsections (2) to (4) of section one of the following subsections:—

"(2) Registers of parliamentary and local government electors or, in Northern Ireland, registers of parliamentary electors, shall be published not later than the fifteenth day of February, and registers published in any year shall be used for elections at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period of twelve months beginning with the sixteenth day of February in that year.

(3) As regards Great Britain, the tenth day of October in any year shall be the qualifying date for a parliamentary or local government election at which the date fixed for the poll falls within the period of twelve months beginning with the sixteenth day of February in the next following year.

nineteen hundred and fifty-five and subsequent years, ot registers of parliamentary and local government electors, and consequentially on that alteration to alter the elec-

1953

Electoral Registers Act, 1953

Ch. 8

811

(4) As regards Northern Ireland, the fifteenth day of September in any year shall be the qualifying date for such a parliamentary election as aforesaid.*’

(2) In the said Act, section two and the First Schedule (which make provision, consequential on the abolition of the autumn register, with respect to persons coming of age during the currency of the annual register) shall be amended by substituting references to the fifteenth day of February for the references in that section to the fifteenth day of March or to the first day of April, and by substituting references to the sixteenth day of February for the references in paragraphs 3 and 4 of that Schedule to the sixteenth day of March or to the second day of April.

(3) Section four of the said Act (together with the Representation of the People (Adaptation of Enactments) Order, 1951, and the Representation of the People (Adaptation of Enactments)

(Scotland) Order, 1951, made under that section) shall cease to have effect; and the Schedule to this Act (which reproduces the effect of those orders with adaptations consequential on the last foregoing subsection) shall have effect instead of them, but may be modified by regulations under subsection (5) of section one of the said Act as if it were contained in that Act.

(4) The foregoing provisions of this section shall have effect with respect to registers to be published in the year nineteen hundred and fifty-five and subsequent years, and elections at which the date fixed for the poll falls after the fifteenth day of February, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Electoral Registers Act, Short title, 1953, and shall be construed as one with, and included amongst construction the Acts which may be cited as, the Representation of the People and cltatlOT1* Acts.

(2) This Act may also be cited with the Electoral Registers Act, 1949, as the Electoral Registers Acts, 1949 and 1953.

SCHEDULE

Adaptations of Enactments

1. In the enactments listed at the end of this Schedule references to a person registered in any register of parliamentary or of local government electors (whether such person is described as an " elector ", " registered parliamentary elector ", " local government elector ", " county elector ", " district council elector " or otherwise) shall not during the period beginning with the sixteenth day of February in any year and ending with the first day of October in that year, include a person who is so registered by virtue of section two of the Electoral Registers Act, 1949, except where the part of the register in which

812

Ch. 8

Electoral Registers , 1953

2 Eliz. 2

SCH. —cont.

12,13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 68.

his name appears is a part continued in force by subsection (6) of section one of the said Act (which continues the old register if there is delay in publishing the new).

2. In the proviso to subsection (4) of section forty-six of the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (which relates to the arrangements to be made for enabling persons with a service qualification to make use of it), for the words " the age of twenty-one " there shall be substituted the words " the age of twenty years and three months ".

3. In relation to elections at which the date fixed for the poll falls after the fifteenth day of February in any year and before the second day of October in that year, any reference to an entry in the register of parliamentary or local government electors or in the electors lists in subsection (2) or (3) of section sixty-four of the Representation of the People Act, 1949 (which relates to the limitation of election expenses), or in subsection (6) of section eighty-eight of the said Act (which relates to the use of motor vehicles at parliamentary elections), shall not include a reference to the entry of a person who is entered in the register of parliamentary or local government electors or in the electors lists by virtue of section two of the Electoral Registers Act, 1949, except where the part of the register in which his name appears is a part continued in force by subsection (6) of section one of the last-named Act.

4. After note 4 in the form of nomination paper for a parliamentary election contained in the Appendix to the Parliamentary Elections Rules in the Second Schedule to the Representation of the People Act, 1949, there shall be added the following note:—

" At an election at which the date fixed for the poll falls after the 15th February and before the 2nd October, a person marked with a [the mark used to distinguish persons entitled to vote by virtue of section two of the Electoral Registers , 1949] in the register to be used at that election may not subscribe a nomination paper";

and a note in the same terms shall be added after the note required to be printed on the back of a nomination paper for a local government election by each of the forms of such nomination paper contained in the Appendix to the Scottish Local Elections Rules in the Third Schedule to the said Act.

List of enactments referred to in paragraph 1 of Schedule

Small Holdings Act, 1892 Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892 Orkney and Zetland Small Piers and Harbours Act, 1896 Temperance (Scotland) Act, 1913 Sunday Entertainments Act, 1932 Local Government Act, 1933 Public Health Act, 1936 Housing Act, 1936 London Government Act, 1939 Water (Scotland) Act, 1946

Education (Scotland) Act, 1946 National Health Service (Scotland) Act, 1947 Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1947

Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act, 1947 Representation of the People Act, 1949

Election Commissioners Act, 1949

1953 Expiring Laws Continuance Ch. 9 813

Act, 1953

CHAPTER 9

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[18th December 1953.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire—

(a) as respects those mentioned in Part 1 of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-three; and

(b) as respects those mentioned in Part II of the said Schedule, on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-four:

and whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I of the Schedule to this Continuance Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be of Acts in continued until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred Schedule, and fifty-four.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three of that Part, be continued until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and fifty-five.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments which are temporary in their duration shall, in so far as they amend or affect any enactment continued by the foregoing provisions of this Act, be continued in like manner as that enactment whether they are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act or not.

2. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring Laws Continuance short title and

Act, 1953. application to

Northern

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in so far as it Ireland, deals with any enactment relating to a subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power to make laws, but, save as hereinbefore provided, shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

814

Section 1.

Ch. 9 Expiring Laws Continuance 2 Eliz. 2

Act, 1953

SCHEDULE

Part I

1 2 3 4

Session and Chapter Short Title How far continued Amending Acts

(1) 9 & 10 Geo. 5. c. 92. The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. Section one. —

24A25 Geo.5. c. 30. The Cotton Manufacturing Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. Sections one and two. —

(3) 24 A 25 Geo. 5. c. 50. The Road Traffic Act, 1934. Section one. 1 Edw. 8 A 1 Geo. 6. c. 5.

(4) 1 & 2 Geo. 6. c. 12. (5) 2 & 3 Geo. 6. c. 50. The Population (Statistics) Act, 1938. The Prevention of Violence (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1939. The whole Act. The whole Act except as res-pects the making of orders thereunder (other than orders revoking previous orders) after the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and fifty-three. 1 A 2 Geo. 6. c. 55. 1 A 2 Eliz. c. 37.

(6) 10 & 11 Geo.6. c. 36. The Education (Exemptions) (Scotland) Act, 1947. The whole Act. —

(7) 12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6. c. 25. The Tenancy of Shops (Scotland) Act, 1949. The whole Act. —

14 & 15 Geo. 6. c. 15. The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1951. Section four. —

(9) 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 2. The Civil Contingencies Fund Act, 1952. Subsection (1) of section one. —

1953 Expiring Laws Continuance Ch. 9 815

Act, 1953

Part II Sch.

1 2 3 4

Session and Chapter Short Title How far continued Amending Acts

(10) 6 & 7 Geo. 6. c. 44. (ID 9 & 10 Geo. 6. c. 34. The Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943. The whole Act. 10 & 11 Geo. 6. c. 43. 12, 13 14 Geo. 6. c. 40.

The Furnished Houses (Rent Control) Act, 1946. The whole Act. 12, 13 14 Geo. 6. c. 40.

(12) 1 & 2 Eliz. 2. c. 46. The Licensing Act, 1953. Part II. —

TABLE HI

CHRONOLOGICAL LIST OF THE MEASURES

Passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during the year

1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

No. 2. Diocesan Stipends Funds Measure, 1953, p. ii.

No. 3. Incumbents (Discipline) and Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Amendment Measure, 1953, p. v.

No. 4. Archdeaconries (Augmentation) Measure, 1953, p. vii.

No. 5. Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure, 1953, p. viii.

2D

Capital and income accounts of diocesan stipends funds.

Moneys to be allocated to capital and income accounts.

No. 2 Diocesan Stipends Funds 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Measure, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz 2.

No. 2

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To make further provision in relation to diocesan stipends funds established by the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, and the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949, and for that purpose to amend those Measures and for purposes connected therewith.

[26th March 1953.)

1. —(1) The Church Commissioners (in this Measure called " the Commissioners ") shall open on the appointed day and thereafter keep two accounts for every diocesan stipends fund established under the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, or the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949, namely a capital account and an income account.

(2) Subject to the provisions of section three of this Measure the Commissioners shall allocate to the capital account and income account of each diocesan stipends fund all moneys and other property held by them on behalf of that fund on the appointed day in such proportions as they after consultation with the bishop and the diocesan board of finance shall determine and shall apportion between the capital account and income account of each fund all charges subsisting thereon on the appointed day in such manner as they after such consultation as aforesaid shall determine.

2, Subject to the provisions of section three of this Measure the Commissioners shall after the appointed day:—

(a) allocate to the capital account of each diocesan stipends fund—

(i) any payment (not being a periodical payment) which may be made by the Commissioners to that fund under the provisions of paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section sixteen of the Measure of 1944;

(ii) any legacy not expressly directed or declared to be applicable as income and any donation or other contribution expressly directed or declared to be I applicable as capital which may from time to time be received for the credit of or be allocated to that fund under the provisions of sub-section (1) of section thirty of the Measure of 1944 or sub-section (1) of section eleven of the Measure of 1949; and

1953

Diocesan Stipends Funds

Measure, 1953

No. 2

iii

(iii) any other money or property received for the credit of that fund which the Commissioners after consultation with the bishop and the diocesan board of finance may determine to be of a capital nature; and

(b) allocate to the income account of each diocesan stipends fund—

(i) any periodical payment which may be made by the Commissioners to that fund under the provisions of paragraph (b) of subjection (1) of section sixteen of the Measure of 1944;

(ii) any legacy expressly directed or declared to be applicable as income and any donation or other contribution not expressly directed or declared to be applicable as capital which may from time to time be received for the credit of or be allocated to that fund under the provisions of sub-section (1) of section thirty of the Measure of 1944 or sub-section

(1) of section eleven of the Measure of 1949;

(iii) any endowment income of a benefice in the diocese carried to the credit of or paid to the diocesan stipends fund under sub-section (7) of section five or of sub-section (1) of section twelve of the Measure of 1949;

(iv) the interest allowed on sums standing to the credit of the capital account of the fund; and

(v) any other money or property received for the credit of that fund which the Commissioners after consultation with the bishop and the diocesan board of finance may determine to be applicable as income.

3.—(1) Any money or other property allocated 'by the Commissioners to the capital account or the income account of a diocesan stipends fund shall not be credited directly to such account but shall be taken over and held by the Commissioners as part of their general fund, and in lieu thereof the Commissioners shall credit the capital account or the income account (as the case may be) of the diocesan stipends fund with a sum charged upon their general fund of an amount equal in value as determined by the Commissioners to the money or other property taken over.

(2) The Commissioners shall allow interest at such rate as they may determine upon all sums credited to the capital account of a diocesan stipends fund.

2D2

Provisions as to moneys so allocated.

iv

Application of moneys credited to capital accounts.

Application of moneys credited to income accounts.

Provisions enabling certain moneys to be credited under schemes to diocesan stipends funds.

Accounts.

Interpretation.

7 & 8 Geo. 6 No. 1.

No. 2 Diocesan Stipends Funds 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Measure, 1953

4. Subject to any charges imposed on the capital of the diocesan stipends fund of a diocese by any enactment or any scheme or order made under any enactment moneys standing to the credit of the capital account of such diocesan stipends fund may. at the discretion of the Commissioners on the special request of the bishop, made with the concurrence of the diocesan board of finance, be appropriated as an endowment fund held by the Commissioners for any benefice within the diocese or as an augmentation of any such endowment fund but in default of and subject to any such appropriation, shall be kept standing to the credit of the capital account.

5. —(1) Subject to any charges imposed on the income of the diocesan stipends fund of a diocese by any enactment or any scheme or order made under any enactment moneys standing to the credit of the income account of such diocesan stipends fund shall be applied in providing or augmenting the stipends or other emoluments of incumbents or assistant curates licensed under seal or other persons who are declared by the bishop to be engaged in the cure of souls within the diocese.

(2) Such application as aforesaid shall be made in accordance with directions from time to time given with the concurrence of the diocesan board of finance by the bishop or by some person duly authorised by him.

6. Where under the provisions of any enactment the Commissioners are empowered to make in any scheme to be prepared by them for submission to Her Majesty in Council recommendations for the augmentation of any benefice, or proposed benefice, out of or by diversion of the revenues or endowments of any other benefice, such scheme may recommend in lieu of any such augmentation that the endowment income or any part of the endowment income of such last mentioned benefice shall be held by the Commissioners for the benefit of the diocesan stipends fund of the diocese in which that benefice is situate.

7. So soon as may be after the close of every year the Commissioners shall furnish to the diocesan board of finance a copy of the accounts for that year relating to the capital account and the income account respectively of the diocesan stipends fund.

8. —(1) In this Measure the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them:—

" the appointed day " means the first day of April next following the passing of this Measure.

" the Measure of 1944 " means the Reorganisation Areas Measure. 1944.

1953 Diocesan Stipends Funds No. 2,3 v

Measure, 1953

" the Measure of 1949 " means the Pastoral Reorganisation 12 & 13 Geo. 6 Measure, 1949. No- 3-

" the bishop " means the bishop for the time being of the diocese concerned (including during a vacancy in the see die guardian of the spiritualities thereof).

" the diocesan board of finance " means the diocesan board of finance of the diocese concerned.

(2) In paragraph (c) of sub-section (1) of section seventeen of the Measure of 1944 and in sub-section (7) of section five and subsection (4) of section twelve of the Measure of 1949 and in this Measure the expression " year " means a period of twelve months beginning on the first day of April in any year and ending on the thirty-first day of March in the year following.

9. —(1) Where in any diocese there is a board of finance Provisions as

which, though not duly constituted in accordance with the to diocesan provisions of the Diocesan Boards of Finance Measure, 1925, is ^ards of. recognised for the purpose of this Measure as being the diocesan rep3arly board of finance, the provisions of this Measure shall apply in constituted, relation to that diocese as if the said board had been duly 15 & 16 Geo. 5 constituted. No-3-

(2) In this section the expression " recognised " means recognised by a certificate signed by the bishop and registered in the diocesan registry.

10. Subsections (2) and (3) of section thirty of the Measure Repeals, of 1944 and sub-sections (2) and (3) of section eleven of the Measure of 1949 are hereby repealed.

11. —(1) This Measure may be cited as the Diocesan Stipends Short title and

Funds Measure, 1953. commence-

ment.

(2) This Measure shall come into operation on the appointed day.

No. 3

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To amend the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947, and the Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Measure, 1949, in relation to proceedings under those Measures in respect of social or political activities.

[6th May 1953.]

vi

Amendment of .2 of the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947. 10 & 11 Geo. 6 No. 1.

Amendment

of .4 of the

Church

Dignitaries

(Retirement)

Measure,

1949.

12 & 13 Geo. 6. No. 1.

Extent.

21 & 22 Geo. No. 4.

Short title, citation and construction.

No. 3 Incumbents (Discipline) 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

and Church Dignitaries (Retirement)

Amendment Mea, 1953

1. The following provisos shall be substituted for all words after " any other Act or Measure " in section two of the Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947:—

" Provided that no such proceedings shall be instituted in respect of—

(a) any act or omission which took place more than three years before the complaint in writing made under section four of this Measure, or

(b) any question of doctrine, ritual or ceremonial, or

(c) the social or political opinions of the incumbent:

And provided that no proceedings in respect of conduct

unbecoming as aforesaid shall be instituted in relation to the social or political activities of the incumbent."

2. The following provisos shall be substituted for the proviso to sub-section (1) of section four of the Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Measure, 1949: —

" Provided that no such proceedings shall be instituted if and so far as the allegations relate to—

(a) any aot or omission which took place more than three years before the institution of the proceedings, or

(b) any question of doctrine, ritual or ceremonial, or

(c) the social or political opinions of the dignitary:

And provided that no proceedings in respect of conduct

unbecoming as aforesaid shall be instituted if and so far as the allegations relate to the social or political activities of the dignitary."

3. This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Provinces of Canterbury and York except the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, but may be applied to the Channel Islands or either of them, as defined in the Channel Islands (Church Legislation) Measure, 1931, in accordance with that Measure.

4. —(1) This Measure may be cited as the Incumbents (Discipline) and Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Amendment Measure, 1953.

(2) Section one of this Measure and the Incumbents (Discipline) Measures, 1947-1950, may be cited together as the Incumbents (Discipline) Measures, 1947-1953.

(3) Section two of this Measure and the Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Measure, 1949, maybe cited together as the Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Measures, 1949-1953.

(4) Section one of this Measure shall be construed as one with the Incumbents (Discipline) Measures, 1947-1950.

(5) Section two of this Measure shall be construed as one with the Church Dignitaries (Retirement) Measure, 1949.

1953 Archdeaconries (Augmentation) No. 4 vii

Measure, 1953

No. 4

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To enable the Church Commissioners to augment archdeaconries by annual sums payable out of their general fund and to repeal the provisions under which archdeaconries may be endowed out of canonries or benefices.

[14th July 1953.]

1. The Church Commissioners may out of their general fund Power to at any time or times pay such sum or stuns as they shall think

fit in augmentation of the income of any archdeaconry in the* province of Canterbury or York, provided that no such payment archdeaconries shall be made so as to increase the total augmentation in any by annual one financial year of the Church Commissioners out of the generalsams' fund above the sum of four hundred pounds or such other sum as may hereafter be fixed by the Church Assembly by resolution.

2. The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Measure Repeals, are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column

of that Schedule.

3. This Measure may be cited as the Archdeaconries (Aug-Short title, mentation) Measure, 1953.

SCHEDULE

Enactments Repealed

Session and Chapter Short Title Extent of Repeal

Part I—Acts of Parliament

3 & 4 Vict. c. 113 ... The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840. Sections sixteen and thirty-four.

4&5Vict. c. 39 ... The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841. Sections nine and eleven.

48A49 Vict. c. 55... The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, Amendment Act, 1885. The Whole Act.

Part II—Church Assembly Measure

16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 4 The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Measure, 1926. Section one.

viii No. 5 Benefices ( of 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Presentation) , 1953

No. 5

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England

To extend the duration of the provisions of the Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measures, 1946 and 1949, and to consolidate those Measures with amendments and for purposes connected therewith.

[29th October 1953.]

Bishop enabled 1.—(1) In any case where a benefice is vacant the bishop

to portpone shall, subject to the provisions of this Measure, have power, nurntyj vacant wjtj1 consent in writing of the patron of the benefice (where he is not himself the patron thereof) and of the pastoral committee, and after consultation with the parochial church council of the parish, or each of the parishes concerned, to declare by notice in writing that during such period not exceeding five years as may be specified in the notice (in this Measure referred to by the expression " suspension period ") the vacancy in the benefice shall not be filled and during that time the patron shall not be entitled to exercise his right of presentation.

(2) The power conferred by this section may be exercised at any time within a period of twelve months from the occurrence of the vacancy in the benefice or within a period of six months from the passing of this Measure if the benefice be then vacant, and after the lapse of the patron’s right of presentation may be exercised without the consent of the patron.

(3) During the currency of any suspension period the bishop may from time to time by a further notice, given with such consents and after such consultation as were required for the original notice, extend the period for further periods not exceeding in the case of any one period five years.

(4) The bishop may determine a suspension period at any time by notice in writing taking effect not less than fourteen days after the date thereof.

(5) The bishop shall cause every notice given by him under this section to be filed forthwith in the diocesan registry, and on the filing of every such notice he shall pay a fee of ten shillings and sixpence to the diocesan registrar.

(6) The bishop shall cause a copy of every notice given by him under this section to be sent forthwith to the patron of the benefice (where he is not himself the patron thereof), to the

1953 Benefices (Suspension of No. 5

Presentation) M, 1953

churchwardens of the parish, or each of the parishes, concerned and to the sequestrators appointed under the next succeeding section.

Churchwardens receiving a copy of any such notice shall forthwith cause it to be affixed at or near to the principal door of the parish church.

2. In the case of any benefice with respect to which the bishop has exercised the power conferred on him by the foregoing section the bishop shall during the vacancy sequester the profits of the benefice, and in appointing sequestrators shall ensure that one of the persons appointed is specially qualified by training or by experience to discharge efficiently the duties of his office.

3. During any such vacancy as aforesaid—

(i) the bishop shall make or direct the sequestrators to make

such provision for the performance of the ecclesiastical duties of the benefice as he may from time to time think fit after consultation with the parochial church council of the parish, or each of the parishes, concerned, and, so far as reasonably possible, with the patron of the benefice (where he is not himself the patron thereof);

(ii) a curate in charge of the benefice, appointed as such

by the bishop, may be required by the bishop to reside in the house of residence of the benefice;

(iii) a curate.in charge so appointed, shall for the purposes of the Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1921, and the Rules for the Representation of the Laity, and for the purposes of section one of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1938, be deemed to be the incumbent or, as the case may be, the minister.

4. —(1) Sequestrators appointed in pursuance of section two of this Measure, in addition to exercising any powers vested in them by the Benefices (Sequestrations) Measure, 1933, or by the general law relating to sequestrations, may, with the consent of the bishop, exercise in relation to any property of the benefice, any other power which an incumbent would have if the benefice were full, not being a power which by the provisions of any Act or Measure is during a vacancy exercisable by the bishop or the Church Commissioners. They may also, with the consent of the bishop and after consultation with the parochial church council, make such arrangements as they deem

Appointment

of

sequestrators.

Performance of ecclesiastical duties.

11 & 12 Geo. 5 No. 1.

Management and application of benefice property and income.

23 & 24 Geo. 5 No. 4.

X

No. 5

Benefices (Suspension of

Presentation) M, 1953

1 & 2 Eliz. 2

28 Hen. 8 c. 11.

advantageous for the use and occupation of the house of residence of the benefice so long during the suspension period as the curate in charge of the benefice is not required to reside therein.

Nothing in this subsection shall affect the right of a patron of a benefice to exercise while the benefice is vacant any right of patronage vested in the incumbent thereof or affect the operation of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures, 1923 to 1951.

(2) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Tithe Act, 1536, or in any other Act or any Measure, the sequestrators shall, subject to die provisions of the next succeeding sub-section, apply the income of the benefice accruing during any vacancy in respect of which the bishop has exercised the power conferred on him by section one of this Measure—

(i) first, in payment to the bishop of all expenses incurred

by him under this Measure in respect of the benefice and in payment of all expenses properly incurred in the collection of the income of the benefice and in making provision for the performance of the ecclesiastical duties thereof;

(ii) secondly, in payment of all expenses properly incurred

in the exercise of the powers or the performance of the duties by law belonging to sequestrators or conferred or imposed on them by the Benefices (Sequestrations) Measure, 1933, or by this Measure including any remuneration of the sequestrator specially qualified by training or experience which may be approved by the Church Commissioners; and

(iii) thirdly, in payment of any balance remaining in their hands at the close of the sequestration to the incumbent next succeeding to the benefice, or, where during the vacancy the benefice is united to another benefice by a scheme containing no express provision to the contrary, to the first incumbent of the united benefice:

Provided that—

(a) if at any time during the course of the sequestration the balance in the hands of the sequestrators exceeds the specified sum they may, with the approval of the bishop, and shall if he with the concurrence of the pastoral committee so directs, pay the excess or some part thereof to the Church Commissioners, who shall after consultation with the bishop and the pastoral committee, apply the same for the improvement of the house of residence or otherwise for the advantage of the benefice or credit the same to the diocesan stipends fund;

1953

Benefices ( Susp of

Presentation) M, 1953

No. 5

xi

(b) if at the close of the sequestration the balance in the hands of the sequestrators as certified by the bishop or some person duly authorised by him exceeds the specified sum after allowing for all outstanding liabilities including income tax they shall pay the excess to the Church Commissioners who shall apply the same as aforesaid or credit it to the diocesan stipends fund.

(3) The sequestrators may, with the consent of the bishop, apply towards the payment of an assistant curate—

(a) any sum charged for that purpose on the endowments

of the benefice; and

(b) so much, if any, of the income of the benefice as the

incumbent has customarily allocated to that purpose.

They may also with the like consent pay the whole or any part of any sum so charged as aforesaid either into the diocesan stipends fund of the diocese, or into such other fund, if any, applicable for the cure of souls within the diocese as the bishop, after consultation with the diocesan board of finance, may from time to time authorise.

(4) The sequestrators shall annually, at such date as the bishop may direct, and so soon as may be after the close of the sequestration, render to the bishop duly audited accounts of their receipts and expenditure, and shall furnish such information with respect to the accounts as he may call for.

5. —(1) A suspension period shall not, nor shall any extension thereof, be reckoned for purposes of lapse or for the purpose of computing any period within which any act is required or permitted to be performed by the Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931.

(2) This section shall bind the Crown.

6. —(1) Any notification or other communications to be given or made to a patron under this Measure shall be deemed to have been duly given or made if sent by post addressed to the patron at his last known place of abode or business in the United Kingdom, or, if no such place is known, such notification or other communication may be given or made by advertisement in a newspaper circulating in the neighbourhood of the benefice concerned.

(2) Any notification or other communication to be given or made to a parochial church council under this Measure shall be deemed to have been duly given or made if sent by post addressed to the secretary of the council by his name at his usual

2 D 3

Saving in respect of lapse, etc.

21 A 22 Geo. 5 No. 3.

Notifications, etc., to patrons and parochial church councils.

xii

No. 5

Benefices (Suspension of 1 & 2 Eliz. 2

Presentation) Measure % 1953

Interpretation.

7 & 8 Geo. 6 No. 1.

12 & 13 Geo. 6 No. 3.

or last-known place of abode, or, if his name or place of abode is unknown, addressed to him by the title of secretary of the council in question at the last-known place of abode of one of the churchwardens of the parish.

(3) In any case where the bishop is required by this Measure to consult with a parochial church council, unless the council shall in writing have requested the bishop to attend a meeting of the council in the parish, such consultation shall be deemed to have duly taken place if the bishop shall have consulted with two members of the parochial church council nominated by the council for the purpose.

7. In this Measure the following expressions have the meanings hereby respectively assigned to them:

" the bishop," when used with reference to a benefice, means the bishop for the time being of the diocese in which that benefice is situate (including, during a vacancy in the see, the guardian of the spiritualities thereof);

" the diocesan stipends fund " means the diocesan stipends fund of the diocese concerned established under the Reorganisation Areas Measure, 1944, or the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949;

" the pastoral committee " means the pastoral committee of the diocese concerned appointed under the Pastoral Reorganisation Measure, 1949.

" the patron " in relation to any benefice means the person or persons for the time being entitled, otherwise than by lapse, to present to that benefice, upon a vacancy, including—

(a) in any case where the right to present is vested in different persons jointly, every person whose concurrence would be required for the exercise of the joint right, and

(b) in any case where the patronage is vested in different persons by way of alternate or successive rights of presentation, every person who is for the time being the person who would be entitled to present on the next, or any subsequent turn;

" presentation " includes collation, nomination and any other manner of filling vacant benefices, and the word " present " shall be construed accordingly;

" the specified sum " means the sum of two hundred pounds or such other sum as may hereafter from time to time be fixed by the Church Assembly by regulation.

1953 Benefices (Suspension of No. 5 xiii

Presentation) Measure, 1953

8. The Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measures, 1946 Repeals and

and 1949, are hereby repealed: savings.

Provided that without prejudice to the provisions of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation Act, 1889— 52 & 53 Vict.

(a) any suspension period created or extended under any c*

Measure hereby repealed which is subsisting at the date of the passing of this Measure shall continue as if created or extended under this Measure for the unexpired residue of the period for which the same was created or extended without prejudice to any extension thereof under the provisions of this Measure;

(b) any direction or requirement made by the bishop under the provisions of any Measure hereby repealed shall continue in force as if made under the provisions of this Measure.

9. —(1) This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Extent, Provinces of Canterbury and York, except the Channel Islands duration and and the Isle of Man, but may be applied to the Channel Islands short

or either of them, as defined in the Channel Islands (Church 21 & 22 Geo. 5 Legislation) Measure, 1931, in accordance with the procedure set No. 4. out in the schedule to that Measure.

(2) The powers conferred by section one of this Measure shall cease on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and sixty-five and thereafter no new suspension period shall be created nor shall any current suspension period be extended under this Measure:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall affect the validity of any suspension period already in existence.

(3) This Measure may be eked as the Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure, 1953.

TABLE IV

EFFECT OF LEGISLATION

ACTS AND MEASURES (IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED, AMENDED OR OTHERWISE AFFECTED BY THOSE ACTS, MEASURES AND STATUTORY INSTRUMENTS WHICH RECEIVED THE ROYAL ASSENT OR WERE MADE DURING

1953

[Note.—Statute references in the fourth column are to chapters of 1 & 2 Elic- 2 unless otherwise stated.]

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

20 Hen. 3: c. 4 Commons Act, 1236 ... Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

13 Edw. 1: Statuta Civitatis London Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

21 Edw. 1: Ordinances of the King, sent 12th July, 1293, to be performed and observed in his land of Ireland. Ordinances 3-6 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

28 Edw. 1: c. 12 Distresses for the King’s debt. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

2 Hen. 6: c. 17 Fineness of Harness of Silver, and the Marks with which it shall be marked. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SL.R.

12 Hen. 7: c. 9 c. 10 An Act for the Assurance of the Queen’s Jointure. An Act for the Earl of Surrey. Rep Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

2 E

XVI

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 Hen. 8: c. 15 c. 18 An Acte concerning lands made in trust to Empsom and Dudley. An Act for Confirmation of Letters Patents made to Quene Katheryn for her Dower. Rep Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .LJR. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .LJR.

7 Hen. 8: c. 8 The French Queues Joyntour. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

14 & 15 Hen. 8: c. 22 An Acte concernyng the Duches of Buckingham. Rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

27 Hen. 8: c. 41 An Acte concernyng the assuraunce of the Manor of Hasyllegh unto the Queues Grace for terme of her lyffe. Rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .LJR.

28 Hen 8: c. 11 Tithe Act, 1536 Excl C.A.M. No. 5, s. 4 (2).

1 Edw. 6: c. 1 Sacrament Act, 1547 . 8 rep. (N.l.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 & 6 Edw. 6: c. 15 An Acte against the Re-gratours of tanned Let her. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

1 Eliz. 1: c. 1 Act of Supremacy Residue rep. (N.l.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

13 Eliz. 1: c. 12 Ordination of Ministers Act, 1571. Rep. (N.l.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

13 Chas. 2. St. 1: c. 7 c. 14 An Act for confirming Publique Acts. An Act for Confirming an Act Entituled an Act for encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation and several 1 other Acts both publique and private i mentioned therein. Rep. in pt. (N.l.) Rep. in pt. (N.l.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 Jas. 2: c. 17 An Act for Reviveing and Continuance of severall Acts of Parlyament therein mentioned. . 13 rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

10 Will. 3: c. 23 An Act for suppressing of Lotteries. Ss. 2,3 rep. in pt. (N.I.)... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

7 Anne: c. 32 . .. An Act for giving the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London the same Powers as the Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have and to oblige Collectors for the Sewers to account. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2) .L.R.

9 Anne: c. 6 Lotteries Act, 1710 . 57 rep. in pt. (N.I.) ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

8 Geo. 11 c. 2 Lotteries Act, 1721 . 37 rep. in pt. (N.I.) ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

6 Geo. 2: c. 35 Lotteries Act, 1732 . 29 rep. in pt. (N.I.) ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

9 Geo. 2: c. 38 An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

12 Geo. 2: c. 28 Gaming Act, 1738 Ss. 6, 7, 9 rep. (N.I.) ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

18 Geo. 2: c. 24 Linen (Trade Marks) Act, 1744. Preamble rep. in pt. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

2 E 2

xviii

Effect of Legislation 2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

20 Geo. 2: c. 32 ...

University of St. Andrews Act, 1746.

Rep. in pt.

40, s. 15 (5).

23 Geo. 2: c. 1 ...

c. 22 ...

26 Geo. 2:

c. 34 ...

... National Debt (No. 1) Residue rep. Act, 1749.

... National Debt (No. 2) Residue rep. Act, 1749.

... An Act to explain, amend and continue several Laws more effectually to prevent thespreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; for the more effectual paying the Expenses of passing Vagrants; for obviating Doubts that may arise touching the keeping of Prisoners, until the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench shall be rebuilt or repaired; and for amending so much of the Act of the twenty-fourth of his present Majesty for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in Use, as relates to the Time of electing publick Officers of the City of Chester.

. 4 rep. ...

5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), SX.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

13 Geo. 3: c. 38 ...

. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass.

Rep.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

13 Geo. 3: c. 43 An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com. Rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

23 Geo. 3: c. 28 Irish Appeals Act, 1783... Preamble and s. 1 rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

35 Geo. 3: c. 113 Sale of Beer Act, 1795... Rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

36 Geo. 3: c. 60 Meta] Button Act, 1796 Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

39 & 40 Geo. 3: c. 67 Union with Ireland Act, 1800. Ss. 1 and 2 rep. in pt. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

41 Geo. 3 (U.K.): c. 78 Constables Expenses Act, 1801. . 2 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

46 Geo. 3: c. 50 An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

50 Geo. 3: c. 8 c. 33 An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Wellington shall descend, in consideration of his eminent Services. School Sites (Ireland) Act, 1810. Rep . 3 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

52 Geo. 3: c. 37 An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Earl Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

XX

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

53 Geo. 3: c. 48 Local Militia (Ireland) Act, 1813. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

54 Geo. 3: c. 159 c. 163 Harbours Act, 1814 ... An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Combermere, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Lord Combermere shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. Ss. 21 in pt., 23 in pt., 24, 26 in pt., rep. (N.I.), 28 rep. in pt. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

55 Geo. 3: c. 157 Evidence (Ireland) Act, 1815. . 8 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

56 Geo. 3: c. 52 Glebe Exchange Act, 1816 Residue rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

57 Geo. 3: c. 62 Public Offices (Ireland) Act, 1817. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

58 Geo. 3: c. 24 An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Hesse, in case she shall survive His said Royal Highness. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

1 Geo. 4: c. 68 Exchequer Chamber (Ireland) Act, 1820. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

1 & 2 Geo. 4: c. 53 c. 54 c. 112 Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1821. Clerk of Assize (Ireland) Act, 1821. Stamp Duties in Law Proceedings (Ireland) Act, 1821. Ss. 24, 25, 28-30, 39, 40, 48,49 in pt., 50,63,64, 69 rep. Ss. 4-6 rep Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR.

4 Geo. 4: c. 7 Chancellor of the Exchequer (Ireland) Act, 1823. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

4 Geo. 4: c. 61 c. 92 Court of Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1823. An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl Saint Vincent to the present Viscount Saint Vincent and the next Person to whom the Title of Viscount Saint Vincent shall descend. Ss. 5-7, 18, 19 in pt., 41, 56, 72, sch., rep. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), ,L.R 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

10 Geo.4: c. 7 c. 50 Roman Catholic Relief Act, 1829. Crown Lands Act, 1829 Ss. 26, 28—37 and sch. rep. (residue). Ss. 8 in pt., 35 in pt., 42 in pt, 52 in pt, 59,69, 110 in pt., 114, 123, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

1 A 2 Will. 4: c. 31 Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1831. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

c. 33 c. 55 Public Works (Ireland) Act, 1831. Illicit Distillation (Ireland) Act, 1831. Residue rep Preamble, s. 49 in pt., sch., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

2 A 3 Will 4: c. 1 c. 21 c. 48 c. 88 Crown Lands Act, 1832 Coal Trade (Ireland) Act, 1832. Clerks of the Crown (Ireland) Act, 1832. Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1832. . 20 rep. Residue rep Residue rep., except ss. 1 in pt. and 16 Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz, 2), SLR 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

3 A 4 Will. 4: c. 41 c. 90 Judicial Committee Act, 1833. Lighting and Watching Act, 1833. . 20 ext. (R and N. Fedn.). Ss. 39-43 rep .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2), 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

5 A 6 Will. 4: c. 16 c. 38 ... ' ... Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1835. Prisons Act, 1835 Ss. 12, rule 16, and 14,15 rep. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

6 A7 Will. 4: c. 71 c. 74 Tithe Act, 1836 Court of Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1836. Ss. 3, 10, 13-16, 29 (residue), i30, 31, 57 (residue), 62 (residue), 67 (residue), 68, 93 (residue), rep. Residue rep., except ss. 2 and 19 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R 5 (2 Biz. 2), .L.R.

XXII

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

6 & 7 Will. 4:

c. 85 Marriage Act, 1836 Rep 37, s. 23 (2),

sch. 2.

c. 86 Births and Deaths Regis- Ss. 2, 3, 5-9, 13 iep. ... 37, s. 23 (2', sch.

tration Act, 1836. 2.

. 14 rep. in pt. 20, s. 43 (2),

sch. 2.

rep 37, s. 23 (2),

sch. 2.

. 15 rep. Ss. 17, 18 rep 37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2. 20, s. 43 (2),

sch. 2. 37, s. 23 (2),

. 29 rep.

sch. 2.

. 32 rep. 20, s. 43 (2),

sch. 2.

. 34 rep. in pt. rep. 20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2. 37, s. 23 (2),

sch. 2.

. 35 rep. in pt. 20, s. 43 (2),

sch. 2.

am. 37, s. 23 (1),

Ss. 37, 38 rep sch. 1, para. 1. 20, s. 43 (2),

sch. 2.

. 39 rep. 37, s. 23 (2),

sch. 2.

Ss. 46,47,49, schs. A, B, 20, s. 43 (2),

D, rep. sch. 2.

7WM.4 & 1 Vict.:

c. 22 Births and Deaths Regis- . 8 rep 20, s. 43 (2),

tration Act, 1837. sch. 2.

Ss. 9-12,14,15,18,20,22 37, s. 23 (2),

rep. Ss. 26, 28, 30 rep. sch. 2. 20, s. 43 (2),

sch. 2.

c. 69 Tithe Act, 1837 Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

1 & 2 Vict.:

c. 64 Tithe Act, 1838 . 4 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 98 Railways (Conveyance of Mails) Act, 1838. Rep 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

2 & 3 Vict.:

c. 47 Metropolitan Police Act, 1839. . 45 rep. 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

c. 62 Tithe Act, 1839 Ss. 7, 14 (residue), 16 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(residue), 17 (residue), 19, 20, 21 (residue), 28 .L.R.

rep.

c. 93 County Police Act, 1839 . 16 rep. 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

XXIII

i Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Vict.:

c. 11 An Act to settle an Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Annuity on Lord Seaton, and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the .L.R.

said Lord Seaton to whom the Title of Lord

Seaton shall descend, in consideration of his

important services.

c. 15 Tithe Act, 1840 Ss. 17 (residue), 20 (resi- 5 (2 Biz. 2),

due), 23 (residue), 24 rep. .L.R.

c. 92 Non-parochial Registers . 3 rep. in pt 37, s. 23 (2).

Act, 1840. . 5 am sch. 2. 37, s. 23 (1),

sch. 1.

c. 113 Ecclesiastical Commis- Ss. 16, 34 rep C.A.M. No. 4,

sioners Act, 1840. s. 2, sch.

4 & 5 Vict;

c. 1 An Act to settle an Rep 5 (2 Biz. 2),

Annuity on Lord Keane, and the Two .L.R.

next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of

the said Lord Keane to whom the Title of Lord Keane shall de-

scend, in consideration of his great and brilliant Services.

c. 39 Ecclesiastical Commis- Ss. 9, 11 rep C.A.M. No. 4,

sioners Act, 1841. s. 2, sch.

5 Vict.:

c. 1 Crown Lands Act, 1841 Ss. 5-7 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

5 & 6 Vict.:

c. 48 An Act to provide for the Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Relief of the Poor in the Forest of Dean and .L.R.

other Extra-parochial Places in and near the Hundred of Saint Briavel’s in the County of Gloucester.

c. 54 Tithe Act, 1842 Ss. 3 and 6-8 rep. (residue) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 98 Prisons Act, 1842 Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 22 (Colonies) Evidence Act, Ext. (RandN. Fedn.)... .I. No. 1199,

1843. art. 13 (2)

2 E*

xxiv

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory 1 Instrument

6 & 7 Vict:

c. 25 An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Augusta Caroline, eldest Daughter of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 54 Limitation of Actions Act, 1843. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 98 Slave Trade Act, 1843 ... Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)... .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2),

7 & 8 Vict.: 1

c. 33 County Rates Act, 1844 Ss. 5, 8 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 52 Parish Constables Act, 1844. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 71 Middlesex Sessions Act, 1844. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 85 Railway Regulation Act, 1844. . 11 rep. 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

c. 107 Common Law Offices Ss. 3, 6, 7, 11, 19-22, 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Ireland) Act, 1844. | 24-28 rep. .L.R.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 20 Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845. . 90 excl. (E.) 13, s. 21 (1) (a).

c. 28 Canal Tolls Act, 1845 ... . 2 excl. (E.) (.) 13, s. 21 (1) (a).

c. 33 Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845. . 83 excl 13, s. 21 (1)

c. 42 Canal Carriers Act, 1845 . 4 excl. (E.) (.) 13, s. 21 (1) (a).

c. 72 An Act to render it unnecessary to keep up Rothwell Goal, in the Honor of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York. Rep., except s. 4 1 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 114 Gaol Fees Abolition Act, 1845. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 115 Chancery Taxing Master (Ireland) Act, 1845. . 15 rep 1 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

9 & 10 Vict.: 1 i

c. 31 An Act to settle an Annuity on Viscount Hardinge, and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Hardinge to whom the Title of Viscount Hardinge shall descend, in consideration of his great and brilliant Services. Rep I i 5 (2 Eliz. .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

9 & 10 Vict, c. 32 ...

An Act to settle an

Rep.

Annuity on Lord Gough and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Gough to whom the Title of Lord

How affected

c. 73

Gough shall descend, in consideration of his important Services. Tithe Act, 1846

Ss. 3, 4, 5 in pt., 15, rep.

10 & 11 Vict.: c. 27 ...

c. 85 ...

c. 89 ...

c. 104 ...

Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act, 1847. Post Office (Duties) Act, 1847.

Town Police Clauses Act, 1847.

Tithe Act, 1847

. 28 am. (retrosp.)

Rep

. 34 rep.

. 4 rep

12 & 13 Vict.: ©. 89 ...

c. 96 ...

Treasury Instruments (Signature) Act, 1849. Admiralty Offences (Colonial) Act, 1849.

Appl

Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait)

13 & 14 Vict.: c. 77 ...

14 & 15 Vict.: c. 42 ...

An Act to enable Her Rep. Majesty to make a suitable Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and also for Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Cambridge.

Crown Lands Act, 1851 Ss. 3 in pt., 5, rep.

c. 46

Crown Lands (Copy-holds) Act, 1851.

. 3 rep

15 & 16 Vict.: c. 25 ...

c. 56 ...

General Register Office Act, 1852.

Pharmacy Act, 1852 ...

Rep.

Rep. in pt. . 1 rep. ...

I . 2 ext. ...

I Ss. 5, 7 rep.

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

36, s. 31 (2).

36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

46, s. 168, sch. 10.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

36, s. 82.

5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2.

5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2.

19, s. 7 (6).

19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. II.

19, s. 5 (1).

19, ss. 7 (a), 9, sch 2. Pt. II.

2 E* 2

XXVI

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Vict. :

c. 56 Pharmacy Act, 1852— . 8 rep. in pt 19, ss. 2 (1), 9,

cont. am sch. 2, Pt. 11. 19, s. 9, sch. 2.

Pt. I.

. 10 rep. in pt. 19, s. 9, sch. 2,

Pt. II.

. 11 rep. 19. ss. 7 (f),

9, sch. 2, Pt. n.

c. 62 Crown Lands Act, 1852 Preamble in pt., ss. 1, 3 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

in pt., rep. .L.R.

16 & 17 Vict.:

c. 56 Crown Lands Act, 1853 Preamble in pt., ss. 1-4, 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

rep. .L.R.

c. 73 Naval Volunteers Act, Ss. 13-15, 16 in pt., 17 in 5 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1,

1853. pt., 21 in pt., rep. sch. 1, .L.R.

. 22 rep. in pt. restored in pt. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1, sch. 1, .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 3, sch. 4, .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1,

Ss. 23 and 24 rep. in pt.

sch. 1, .L.R.

c. 98 An Act for the further Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Relief of the Suitors of .L.R.

the High Court of Chancery. Ss. 126, 132 in pt., 147 in

c. 113 Common Law Procedure 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Ireland) Act, 1853. pt., 153,189,229 in pt., 232 (residue), 241, 243 .L.R.

(residue), sch. B (residue), rep.

17 & 18 Vict.:

c. 31 Railway and Canal Traffic . 2 excl. in pt. (E.) (.)... 13, s. 21 (l)(/>).

Act, 1854.

c. 94 Public Revenue and Con- r 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR 37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2.

solidated Fund Charges Act, 1854. Sch. (B) rep. in pt.

18 & 19 Vict.:

c. 58 Duchy of Lancaster Lands Appl 36, s. 47 (3).

Act, 1855.

c. 64 An Act to settle Annuities Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

on Emily Harriet Lady Raglan and Richard Henry Fitzroy Lord Raglan, and the next surviving Heir Male of .L.R.

his Body, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late Field Marshal Lord Raglan.

c. 117 Ordnance Board Transfer . 2 appl. in pt. 46, s. 78 (6).

Act, 1855.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

19 & 20 Vict 20 Vict.:

s. 92 Chancery Appeal Court (Ireland) Act, 1856. . 2 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 102 Common Law Procedure Ss. 6-20 (residue), 21, 36, 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Amendment Act (Ireland), 1856. 89,93,95,97,98 in pt., rep. .L.R.

c. 113 Foreign Tribunals Evidence Act, 1856. Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ... Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait) 5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2. 5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

c. 118 Criminal Justice Act, 1856 Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR.

c. 119 Marriage and Registration Act, 1856. Rep. (N.I.) Ss. 15, 16 rep . 24 am. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2. 37, s. 23 (1), sch. 1, para. 3.

20 & 21 Vict.:

c. 2 An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Royal. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

21 & 22 Vict.:

c. 2 An Act to settle Annuities on Lady Havelock and Sir Henry Marshman Havelock, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late Major General Havelock. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 72 Landed Estates Court Ss. 1 in pt., 2, 8, 14-16, 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Ireland) Act, 1858. 25-27, 29, rep. .L.R.

22 Vict.:

c. 20 Evidence by Commission Act, 1859. Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ... Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait) 5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2. 5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

22 & 23 Vict.:

c. 40 Royal Naval Reserve Ss. 3,5,6,7,15,18 all rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Volunteer) Act, 1859. in pt. .L.R.

c. 63 British Laws Ascertainment Act, 1859. Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ... .I. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2.

• Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait) .I. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

23 & 24 Vict.:

c. 82 Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1860. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 93 Tithe Act, 1860 Ss. 1,2,4-9 rep. (residue), 28, 33 rep., 41 rep. in pt., 42,43 and sch. rep. (residue). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

Effect of Legislation

xxviii

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

23 & 24 Vict 24 Vict:

c. 122 Admiralty Offences (Colonial) Act, 1860. Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ... Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait) 5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2. 5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

24 & 25 Vict 25 Vict.:

c. 10 Admiralty Court Act, 1861. Rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 11 Foreign Law Ascertainment Act, 1861. Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ... Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait) 5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2. 5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

c. 15 An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Alice Maud Mary. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 47 Harbours and Passing Tolls Ac. Act, 1861. Ss. 47 in pt., 49, 51 in pt., rep. xxix. s. 42, sch. 3.

c. 51 Metropolitan Police Act, 1861. Ss. 1,2 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 100 Offences against the Person Act, 1861. . 72 rep. in pt. (E.) ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 123 Landed Estates Court (Ireland) Act, 1861. Residue rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

25 & 26 Vict 26 Vict.:

c. 20 Habeas Corpus Act, 1862 Ext .I. No. 1199), art. 13 (2).

c. 104 Queen’s Prison Discontinuance Act, 1862. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

26 & 27 Vict.:

c. 14 Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1863. . 6 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 69 Officers of Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1863. . 1 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 92 Railways Clauses Act, 1863. . 30 excl. (E.) (.) ... 13, s. 21 (1) (a).

27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict.:

c. 31 An Act to settle an Annuity on Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincardine, in consideration of the distinguished Services performed by the late James Earl of Elgin and Kincardine. Rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 57 Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864. . 13 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 120 Railways Companies* Powers Act, 1864. Ss. 2 (residue), 4 (2) (3), 5, 6, 9-15, 20 in pt., 22-24, 26, 27, 35, sch. (residue), rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

27 & 28 Vict.:

c. 121 Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864. Ss. 2 in pt., 6 (2) (3), 7, 8,11-17,22,24-30,32, 34-48, 52, 56, 57, 64, sch. Pts. (ii) and (v), rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .LJL

28 & 29 Vict.:

c. 72 Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865. Rep. (saving) 24, s. 1.

29 & 30 Vict.:

c. 7 An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 8 An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert on his coming of Age. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 48 An Act to enable Her Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary Adelaide Wilhel-mina Elizabeth of Cambridge. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 66 An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in the New Forest. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 68 Superannuation Act, 1866 Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

30 & 31 Vict.:

c. 44 Chancery (Ireland) Act, 1867. Ss. 2 in pt., 11 in pt., 12 in pt., 13 (residue). 15 in pt., 16, 17 (residue), 18, 19, 24 (residue), 25 (residue), 41 (residue), 109, 191 in pt., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 70 Public Records (Ireland) Act, 1867. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 114 Court of Admiralty (Ireland) Act, 1867. . 73 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 129 Chancery and Common Law Offices (Ireland) Act, 1867. Ss. 4,7, 10 rep. (residue), 14-20 rep., 21, 22 rep. (residue), 23 rep., 25 rep. (residue), 27 rep. in pt., 28 rep. (residue), 32 rep., 33, 44, 45 rep. (residue), 48 rep., 49 rep. (residue), 53, 54 rep., 55-57 rep. (residue). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

XXX

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 37 Documentary Evidence Act, 1868. Ext. to rules of Postmaster General. 36, s. 81 (3).

c. 68 Liquidation Act, 1868 ... Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 72 Promissory Oaths Act, 1868. . 14 and sch. rep. in pt. 5 (2 aiz. 2), .L.R

c. 91 An Act to settle an Annuity upon Lieutenant General Sir Robert Napier, G.C.B., G.C..I., and the next surviving Heir Male of his Body, in consideration of his eminent Services. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 110 Telegraph Act, 1868 ... . 8 (7) rep 5 (2 aiz. 2), .L.R.

c. 119 Regulation of Railways Act, 1868. . 16 exd. (E.) (.) ... Ss. 36, 27 rep 13, s. 21 (1) (a). 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

c. 121 Pharmacy Act, 1868 ... . 3 rep . 6 appl. in pt am rep. in pt . 7 appl. in pt Ss. 7 in pt., 9, rep. . 10 appl . 10 proviso am. . 11 rep. in pt . 12 appl am. ... . 13 rep. in pt am. . 14 am. . 22 rep Sch. (B.) rep 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. n. 19, s. 2 (2) («). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. I. 19, s. 9, sch. 2, pt. n. 19, s. 2 (2) (6). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. n. 19, s. 3 (2), 19, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 3 (a). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. II. 19, s. 3 (2). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. I. 19, ss. 3 (1), 9, sch. 2, Pt. n. 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. I. 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. I. 19, ss. 6 (2), 9, sch. 2, Pt. H. 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. II.

12 & 33 Vict.:

c. 47 High Constables Act, Ss. 2 in pt., 3 in pt., 4, 5, 5 (2 aiz. 2),

1869. rep. .L.R

c. 67 Valuation (Metropolis) . 4 excl. 42, s. 2(1).

Act, 1869, . 4 appl. (mod.) 42, s. 5 (2).

c. 73 Telegraph Act, 1869 ... Ss. 13-18 rep 5 (2 aiz. 2), SLR.

c. 74 ... Public Works (Ireland) . 2 rep 5 (2 aiz. 2),

Act, 1869. .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxxi

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

33 & 34 Vict. :

c. 10 Coinage Act, 1870 . 20 in pt., sch. 2, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(N.I.) .LR.

c. 19 Railways (Powers and Residue rep 5 (2. Eliz. 2),

Construction) Acts, 1864, Amendment Act, .L.R.

1870.

c. 71 National Debt Act, 1870 . 5 restored in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 3,

sch. 4.

c. 90 Foreign Enlistment Act, . 26 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

34 & 35 Vict.:

c. 1 An Act to enable Her Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Princess Louise Caroline Alberta. .L.R.

c. 64 An Act to enable Her Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Majesty to provide for .L.R.

the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Arthur William Patrick Albert

c. 72 on his coming of age. Judgments Registry Ss. 9,14-19, 24 rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 75 (Ireland) Act, 1871. Telegraph (Money) Act, Rep .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1871. .L.R.

35 & 36 Vict. :

c. 56 An Act to settle an annu- Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

ity on the Honourable Blanche Julia Countess of Mayo, in consideration of the eminent services of the late Earl of Mayo as Viceroy and Governor General of India. .L.R.

c. 67 Greenwich Hospital Act, Ss. 2, 3 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1872. .L.R.

c. 94 Licensing Act, 1872 . 12 rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

appl 46, s. 148 (5).

36 & 37 Vict.:

c. 48 Regulation of Railways Ss. 14, 15 excl. (E.) (.) 13,s.21 (1

Act, 1873. Ss. 18-20 rep 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 2

c. 77 Naval Artillery (Volun- Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

teers) Act, 1873. SX.R.

xxxii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

36 & 37 Vict.: c. 80 ...

c. 83 ...

37 & 38 Vict 38 Vict.: c. 88 ...

38 & 39 Vict, c. 17 ... c. 63 ...

39 & 40 Vict, c. 56 ...

40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict, c. 2 ...

c. 23 ... c. 55 ...

An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh and Her Imperial Highness the Grand Duchess Marie Alexandrovna of Russia, and to settle an annuity on Her Imperial Highness.

Telegraph Act, 1873

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874.

Explosives Act, 1875 ... Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875.

Commons Act, 1876

Treasury Bills Act, 1877

Colonial Fortifications Act, 1877.

Public Record Office Act, 1877.

Rep.

Rep

Ss. 1-5, 7-16, 20 rep. ...

. 21 rep.

. 23 rep.

Ss. 24-27 rep

. 30 rep

. 31 rep.

. 32 rep. in pt.

rep

. 33 rep

Ss. 35-36 rep

. 37 proviso added

rep. in pt.

Ss. 38-44,45 in pt., 47-49, 52, schs. 1-3 rep.

. 43. Power to ext. ... Residue rep. (E.) (.) ...

. 34 rep.

. 6 excl.

Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.).. . 1 mod.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2.

37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2.

20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2.

37, s. 23 (2X sch. 2.

20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2.

37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2.

20, s. 43 aX sch. 2.

37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2.

37, s. 23 aX sch. 2.

20, s. 43 OX sch. 2.

20, s. 43 (IX sch. 1.

20, s. 43 ax sch. 2.

20, s. 43 ax sch. 2.

47, s. 3 (2).

5 (2 Eliz. 2X .L.R.

5 (2 Hit 2>, .L.R.

6, s. 2 (2).

8, s. 3 (2).

35, s. 2 (2).

2 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 2

(2).

.I. No. 1199.

art. 13 (2).

47, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 9.

le

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

40 & 41 Vict.: c. 57 ...

c. 59 ...

Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877

Colonial Stock Act, 1877

Ss. 5 rep., 6, 10, 13, 18, 19, 34, 41-43, 46, 47, 51, 60, 61, 70, all rep. in pt., 72 rep., 73 rep. in pt., 75 rep. in pt., 80 rep., 81 rep. in pt., 82 rep. in pt., 83 rep., 84 rep. in pt.

Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)...

41 & 42 Vict.: c. 49 ...

c. 51 ...

c. 76 ...

Weights and Measures Act, 1878.

Roads and Bridges (Scotland) Act, 1878. Telegraph Act, 1878 ...

Sch. 2 am.

Ss. 3 and 58 rep. in pt . 7 ext. (E.) ...

42 & 43 Vict.: c. 42 ...

44 & 45 Vict.: c. 23 ...

c. 58

c. 69 ...

c. 71 ...

45 & 46 Vict, c. 5 ...

Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Act, 1879.

. 10 rep.

Court of Bankruptcy (Ireland) Officers and Clerks Act, 1881. Army Act

Fugitive Offenders Act, 1881.

Rep.

Ss. 12, 15 appl

. 32 appl

. 33 appl. (mod.)

. 34 appl

. 72 appl.

Ss. 81, 96 in pt., 98, 99, 100 in pt., 101 appl. (mod.) (Territorial Army).

. 143 appl

. 153 (3) appl

. 154 appl

. 163 appl

appl. in pt. (mod.) (Territorial Army).

. 164 appl

Ss. 166-168 incorp. (mod.] Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ...

Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait)

Irish Church Act Amendment Act, 1881.

. 3 rep. (residue)

An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Albany and Her Serene Highness Princess Helen Frederica Augusta of Waldeck and Pyrmont, and to settle an Annuity on Her Serene Highness.

Rep.

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

.I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2).

.I. No. 1200.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

18, s. 4 (6).

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

50, s. 27 (1).

50, s. 30 (1).

50, s. 12 (3).

50, s. 30 (1).

50, s. 32.

50, s. 12 (2) (3), sch. 2.

50, s. 37 (1).

50, s. 27 (4).

50, s. 27 (3).

50, s. 34 (1).

50, s. 12 (2) (3), sch. 2.

50, s. 34 (2).

50, s. 31 (5).

5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2.

5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

XXXIV

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

45 & 46 Vict 46 Vict.:

c. 21 Places of Worship Sites Amendment Act, 1882. .(l) Treasury’s functions trans. to M/Housing and Local Govt. .I. No. 734.

c. 41 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1882. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 47 Arrears of Rent (Ireland) Act, 1882. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 60 Labourers Cottages and Allotments (Ireland) Act, 1882. Rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 70 Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1882. . 3 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 74 Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1882. Rep. 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

46 & 47 Vict.:

c. 10 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1883. . 6 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 34 Cheap Trains Act, 1883 . 6 (1) (ii), (iii) in pt., (iv), (v) rep. (prosp.). . 13, s. 24 (1) (3).

47 & 48 Vict.:

c. 31 ... Colonial Prisoners Removal Act, 1884. Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ... Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait) 5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2. 5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

c. 76 Post Office (Protection) Act, 1884. . 17 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

48 & 49 Vict.:

c. 51 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885. Residue rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 55 Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, Amendment Act, 1885. Rep. ... C.A.M. No. 4, s. 2, sch.

c. 74 Evidence by Commission Act, 1885. Appl. (mod.) (Qatar) ... Appl. (mod.) (Kuwait) 5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2. 5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2.

c. 79 Crown Lands Act, 1885 Ss. 4 , 5 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

49 & 50 Vict.:

c. 18 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1886. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

50 & 51 Vict 51 Vict.:

c. 13 Pensions (Colonial Service) Act, 1887. Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)... .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2).

c. 16 National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. Appl. 6 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (2).

c. 28 Merchandise Marks Act, . 2 excl. in pt. 48, s. 2 (1).

1887. . 2 (1) (2) excl. . 2 (2) subst . 2 (3) (ii) am . 3 (1) am . 16 excl . 16 (1) ext 48, s. 2 (2). 48, s. 4. 48, s. 5. 48, s. 1 (1) (2). 48, s. 1 (5j. 48, s. 3 (1) (a).

c. 71 Coroners Act, 1887 . 5 (3) saved .I. No. 205, r.38.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 8 Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1888. Residue rep. (E.) (.) ...

c. 25 Railway and Canal Traffic . 17, as appl., saved ...

Act, 1888. . 30 excl. (E.) (.) ... Ss. 33, 34 excl. (E.) (.)

52 & 53 Vict.:

c. 42 Revenue Act, 1889 . 34 rep.

c. 55 Universities (Scotland) Act, 1889. . 5 (1) (i) subst. . 5 (2) excl . 5 (6) rep . 16 rep. . 21 ext

c. 63 Interpretation Act, 1889 . 38 saved excl. . 38 (2) appl. (E.) ... appl. ...

53 A54 Vict.:

c. 4 Army (Annual) Act, 1890 Ss. 7, 9 rep

c. 32 Anglo-German Agreement Act, 1890. Rep

c. 42 Reserve Forces Act, 1890 . 4 rep. in pt

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 8 Tithe Act, 1891 Ss. 1,6,8,10(1) (residue), 10 (2) (3), rep.

c. 24 Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891. . 2 ext

c. 38 Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891. . 7 rep Ss. 14, 15 appl

c. 39 Stamp Act, 1891 , . 115am.(E.)(.) ...

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 2 Army (Annual) Act, 1892 Ss. 4, 6 rep

c. 31 Small Holdings Act, 1892 . 21 (meaning of " elector ") mod.

c. 35 Colonial Stock Act, 1892 Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)...

Chapter of 1933 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

13, s. 31 (3).

13, s. 21 (2).

13, s. 21 (1) (<0.

2),

(1).

(2),

15

15

5 (2 Eliz.

SX.R.

40, ss. 3 (4).

40, ss. 3 (4).

40, s. 15 (5).

40, s. 15(5).

40, s. 13 (2), (4), 20, s. 42 (7).

36, ss. 16 (4), 91

(6).

37, s. 22 (5).

46, s. 168 (5).

50, s. 46 (5). C.A.M. No. 5,

s. 8, proviso. 36, s. 63 (7).

18, s. 9 (4).

46, s. 67.

.I.s Nos. 586, arts. 77 (5), 79 (2).

and 1199, sch., arts. 25 (2), 77, (4).

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR.

5 (2 Eliz. 2). .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

35, s. 3.

36, s. 91 (1),

sch. 3.

36, s. 21 (4).

34, ss. 31 (2), 35 (6).

5 (2 Biz. 2) .L.R.

8 (2 Biz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch.

.I. No. 1199, art. 13(2).

XXXVI

Effect of Legislation

2 Ft SZ.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

55 & 56 Vict 56 Vict.: c. 43 c. 45 Military Lands Act, 1892 Land Commissioners (Ireland) Salaries Act, 1892 Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1892. Telegraph Act, 1892 ... Public Works Loans Act, 1892. Pt. II (ss. 14-18) ext. ... Residue rep 47, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 8. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 54 c. 59 c. 61 . 16 (meaning of " elector ") mod. . 11 rep. in pt . 8 rep 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

56 & 57 Vict 57 Vict.: c. 5 c. 38 c. 61 Regimental Debts Act, 1893. Conveyance of Mails Act, 1893. Public Authorities Protection Act, 1893. Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)... Rep Excl | .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2). 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3. 15, s. 28 (3), 7 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 3 (1).

57 & 58 Vict.: c. 30 c. 36 c. 60 Finance Act, 1894 Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts Amendment Act, 1894. Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. . 10 appl. (E.) . 3 am . 104 ext . 258 appl. (Hong Kong) . 746 (3) rep Pt. XIII (ss. 680-712) appl. (mod.) (Kuwait), appl. (mod.) (Qatar). 46, s. 17 (3), 5.1. No. 168 47, s. 4 (4). 5.1. No. 592. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 5.1. No. 1211, art. 12, sch. 2. 5.1. No. 1212, art. 12, sch. 2.

58 & 59 Vict.: c. 7 c. 16 c. 34 Army (Annual) Act, 1895 Finance Act, 1895 Colonial Boundaries Act, 1895. Ss. 4, 7 rep . 12 excl excl. (prosp.) Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 15, s. 26 (3). 40, ss. 8, 15 (4). .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2).

59 Vict.: Sess. 2 c. 5 Public Offices (Acquisition of Site) Act, 1895. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

59 & 60 Vict.: c. 28 c. 32 Finance Act, 1896 Orkney and Zetland Small Piers and Harbours Act, 1896. . 39 rep. in pt Mod. (meaning of " elector "). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), 8 (2 EHz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch.

60 & 61 Vict.: c. 66 Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) (No. 2) Act, 1897. Ss. 1 (1) inpt., 1 (2), 4(1) in pt., 4 (3M5) in pt., 5 (2), 8 (1), 9 proviso, 10 in pt., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxx vu

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 25 Pharmacy Acts Amendment Act, 1898. Rep 19, ss. 7 ()t 9, sch. 2, Pt. n.

c. 44 ... Merchant Shipping (Mercantile Marine Fund) Act, 1898. Sch. 2 am. .I. No. 392.

c. 46 Revenue Act, 1898 . 1 (i) rep 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

2 Edw. 7:

c. 28 Licensing Act, 1902 ... . 7 rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

3 Edw. 7:

c. 27 South African Loan and War Contribution Act, 1903. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 37 Irish Land Act, 1903 ... Ss. 68 (2), 88 (2) in pt., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

4 Edw. 7:

c. 5 Army (Annual) Act, 1904 . 11 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 6 Hall-marking of Foreign Plate Act, 1904. . 1 (2)and (3) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 33 Anglo-French Convention Act, 1904. . 1 (2), sch. in pt., rep.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 34 Irish Land Act, 1904 ... Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 2 Army (Annual) Act, 1906 Ss. 4(l)(i), (5), 6 rep.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 32 Dogs Act, 1906 . 3 (4)-( 10) appl. (E.) (.) 28, s. 2 (3).

7 Edw. 7:

c. 2 Army (Annual) Act, 1907 Ss. 4, 10 (6) (a) rep. .. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 9 Territorial and Reserve Rep., except ss. 23 (1), 50, s. 44 (1),

Forces Act, 1907. 28 (1), 36, 41, sch. 1. sch. 5.

c. 29 Patents and Designs Act, . 91A (2) ext. (R. and N. .I. No. 1199,

1907. Fedn.). art. 13 (2).

8 Edw. 7:

c. 16 Finance Act, 1908 . 10 (1) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 42 White Phosphorus Matches Prohibition Act, 1908. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 48 Post Office Act, 1908 ... Rep 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

c. 55 Poisons and Pharmacy . 4 (a) subst 19, s. 4 (1).

Act, 1908. . 4 (b)am . 4 (c) subst., 4 () added 19, s. 9, sch. 2 Pt. I. 19, s. 4 (2).

c. 57 Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908. Ss. 1,3 susp. (temp.) ... .I. No. 583.

c. 65 Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908. . 26 excl 49, s. 15 (2).

9 Edw. 7:

c. 24 Merchandise Marks (Ireland) Act, 1909. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

xxxviii Effect of Legislation 2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 Edw. 7 & 1 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910. . 47 rep . 87 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2) .L.R. 46, s. 168, sch. 10*

c. 24 Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910. Rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

1 A 2 Geo. 5:

c. 26 Telephone Transfer Act, 1911. . 9 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 31 Merchandise Marks Act, 1911. . 1 (1) ext 48, s. 3 (1) (b).

c. 48 Finance Act, 1911 . 16 (residue) rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 50 Coal Mines Act, 1911 ... Ss. 15 (1), 40 (4), (10) (a), 46 (4) (6), 50 (2) am., 56 (5) subst. .I. No. 1098.

2 & 3 Geo. 5:

c. 5 Army (Annual) Act, 1912 . 4 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 28 Sheriff Court (Scotland) Act, 1912. Sch. 2 rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

3 At 4 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Post Office Act, 1913 ... Rep 36, s. sch. 3. 91 (1),

c. 24 Telegraph (Money) Act, 1913. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 27 Forgery Act, 1913 . 18. (1). Meaning of " valuable security " ext. 36, s. 23 (1).

c. 32 Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913. Pt. II (ss. 3-5) appl. Pt. Ill (ss. 6-8) rep. . 14 (1) expld excl. in pt. . 14 (3) am. ... . 16 (1) mod. (retrosp.) . 17 expld 49, s. 12 (5). 49, s. 13 (I). 49. s. 13(2). 49, s. 14 (2). 49, s. 14 (1) 49, s. 16. 49, s. 13 (2).

c. 33 Temperance (Scotland) Act, 1913. . 15 mod. ("elector") 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 42 Defence of the Realm (Amendment) (No. 3) Act, 1915. Rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 81 American Loan Act, 1915 Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 83 Naval and Military War Pensions, Ac., Act, 1915. Functions transferred to Min. of Pensions and Nat. Insurance. .I. No. art. 2. 1198.

o. 90 Indictments Act, 1915 ... Saved 36, s. 71 (1).

6 A 7 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916. Residue rep. (N.I.) . 1 excl . 1 (4) mod . 1 (4). Power to mod. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 34, s. 8. 34, s. 9 (1). 34, s. 9 (2).

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xxxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

6 A 7 Geo. 5: c. 38

c. 50 ...

c. 63 ... c. 65 ...

7 A 8 Geo. 5:

c. 37 ...

c. 51 ...

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 30 ...

c. 54 .. c. 57 ...

9 A 10 Geo. 5:

c. 32 ...

Small Holding Colonies Act, 1916.

Larceny Act, 1916

Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1916.

Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916.

Naval and Military War Pensions, etc. (Transfer of Powers) Act, 1917.

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917.

Air Force Act ...

Naval Prize Act, 1918 ...

Tithe Act, 1918

War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1918.

Finance Act, 1919

Rep. (N.I.)

. 46 (1). Meaning of * valuable security " ext.

. 12 (3) rep. in pt.

M/Pensions dissolved'

and functions, etc., transferred Ss. 1 in pt., 2 (2), 5, 7, rep.

Functions transferred to Min. of Pensions and Nat. Insurance Ss. 1 in pt., 2 (3) in pt., 3 (1) (2), rep.

. 6 (1) rep

. 6 (1) rep. in pt,

. 6 (2) saved in pt.

Sch. 1 Pt. II rep. in pt....

Ss. 12,15 appl

. 32 appl

33 appl. (rood.)

. 34 appl

. 72 appl. (mod.)

Ss. 80, 96, 98, 99, 100 in pt., 101, appl. (mod.) (R. Aux. A.F.),

. 143 appl

. 153 (3) appl

. 154 appl

. 163 appl

appl. in pt. (mod.) (R. Aux. A.F.).

. 164 appl

Ss.166-168 incorp. (mod.) . 183, proviso, paras, (a) and (6) rep.

Residue rep

. 10 and sch. 1 rep.

(residue).

Functions transferred to Min. of Pensions and Nat. Insurance.

Ss. 10,14, 17 rep.

. 38 (1) rep. in pt.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

36, s. 23 (1).

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

.I. No. 1198.

.I. No. 1198. art. 2.

2),

(1),

2),

2),

5 (2 Eliz.

.L.R.

50, s. 44 sch. 5.

5 (2 Eliz.

.L.R.

50, s. 45 (3),

5 (2 Eliz.

.L.R.

50, s. 27 (1).

50, s. 30 (1).

50, s. 12 (3).

50, s. 30 (1).

50, s. 32,

50, s. 12 (2) (3), sch. 2.

50, s. 37 (2).

50, s. 27 (4).

50, s. 27 (3).

50, s. 34 (3).

50, s. 12 (2) (3), sch. 2.

50, s. 34 (3).

50, s. 31 (5).

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.l'LNo. 1198, art. 2,

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

xl

Effect of Legislation

2Euz.2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 5:

c. 50 Ministry of Transport Act, 1919. Certain functions trans. to Min. of Pensions and Nat. Insurance. . 1 am. (style of " Minister " changed). . 20 appl . 26 am. (style of " Minister " changed). 5.1. No. 1674. 5.1. No. 1204, art. 3 (1). 13, s. 34 (1). 5.1. No. 1204, art. 3 (1).

c. 53 War Pensions (Adminis- Functions transferred to .l. No. 1198,

trative Provisions) Act, 1919. Min. of Pensions and Nat. Insurance. . 2 rep art. 2. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SX.R.

c. 57 Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensa- Appl. (temp.) 49, s. 12 (4), proviso.

tion) Act, 1919. . 5 appl. (mod.) (E.) ... . 5 (2) mod. (E.) 46, s. 80 (3). 18, s. 6 (2) (b).

C. 82 Irish Land (Provision for Sailors and Soldiers) Act, 1919. . 5 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 92 10 & 11 Geo. 5: Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919. . 1 corn, until 31.12.54 9 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (1), sch. Pt. I.

c.4 Coal Mines (Emergency) Act, 1920. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 18 Finance Act, 1920 . 64 (1) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 23 War Pensions Act, 1920 Ss. 1 (4), 11 (2) in pt., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 31 Restoration of Order in Ireland Act, 1920. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 37 Telegraph (Money) Act, 1920. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SX.R.

c. 40 Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1920. Rep 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

c. 48 Indemnity Act, 1920 ... Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 50 Mining Industry Act, Ss. 2 (1) in pt., 2 (4M7), 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1920. 5 (3) (4), sch. 1, rep. .L.R.

c. 67 Government of Ireland Act, 1920. . 6 mod. Ss. 10 (2) in pt., 21 (2) in pt., 23 (5) in pt., 34 (2), 45, proviso, 59 (2), rep. 17, s. 15 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SX.R.

c. 79 Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act, 1920. . 3 (1) (e) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 5 German Reparation (Recovery) Act, 1921. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

c. 6 Coal Mines (Decontrol) Act, 1921. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 9 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1921. Ss. 4, 10 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .LJL

c. 32 . Finance Act, 1921 Ss. 42 (2) rep. in pt. (N.I.), 65 (1) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 37 . Territorial Army and Militia Act, 1921. . 1 rep 50, s. 44 (1), sch. 5

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xli

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 5:

c. 39 Admiralty Pensions Act, 1921. . 2 (1) (residue) rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 42 Licensing Act, 1921 Rep. (E.) 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

c. 47 Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921. . 14 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 49 War Pensions Act, 1921 Ss. 1 (1) in pt., 1 (2), 1 (4) in pt., 1 (5) (), 8, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 55 Railways Act, 1921 Ss. 2 (3), 3, 4 (3), 5, 6, 7 (1) (2) (5M7), 8 (I)-(4), (6) ,9, 10, 11 (3>-(10), 12, 13, rep. Pt. Ill (ss. 20-61) (exc. ss. 20-26, 39, 56) excl. (prosp.) . 21 (2) excl. in pt. ... . 22 am. . 39 appl. (mod.) . 54 (5) excl . 57 excl Ss. 60, 80 (4) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 13, s. 21 (3), 13, s. 31 (1) (a). 13, s. 20 (3). 13, s. 21 (2) (4). sch. 4, Pt. II. 13, s. 21 (1) I3,s. 21(4). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 57 Telegraph (Money) Act, 1921. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 58 Trusts (Scotland) Act, 1921. Ss. 4, 10 appl 41, s. 1, sch.

c. 59 Irish Railways (Settlement of Claims) Act, 1921. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

C.A.M. No. 1 ... Parochial Church Councils (Powers) Measure, 1921. Ext C.A.M. No.5, s. 3 (iii).

12 & 13 Geo. 5:

c. 4 Irish Free State (Agreement) Act, 1922. . 1 (3), proviso, rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 17 Finance Act, 1922 . 39 rep . 48 rep. . 49 (1) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Biz. 2), .L.R 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

c. 19 Gaming Act, 1922 Rep 5 (2 Biz. 2), .L.R

c. 43 Post Office (Pneumatic Tubes Acquisition) Act, 1922. . 4 (2), sch. 2, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 45 Telegraph (Money) Act, 1922. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R

e.49 Post Office (Parcels) Act, 1922. Rep 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

c. 51 Allotments Act, 1922 ... . 1 (4) am. (atomic energy and radioactive substances). .I. No. 1673.

c. 52 Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922. . 1 (4) am. (atomic energy and radioactive substances). .I. No. 1673.

xlii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

13 Geo. 5: Sess. 2:

c. 1 Irish Free State Con- Preamble in pt., ss. 1 in 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

stitution Act, 1922. pt., 2, 4, rep. .L.R.

c. 2 Irish Free State (Cons©- . 6 (3), sch. 1 para. 6 (4) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

quential Provisions) Act, 1922. rep. .L.R.

13 & 14 Geo. 5:

c. 12 Restoration of Order in Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Ireland (Indemnity) Act, 1923. .L.R.

c. 14 Finance Act, 1923 Ss. 35, 39 (1) in pt., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 28 Intoxicating Liquor (Sale Rep. (E.) 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

to Persons under

c. 42 Eighteen) Act, 1923. Workmen’s Compensa- Rep. (N.I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

tion Act, 1923. .L.R.

14 St IS Geo. 5:

c. 5 Army and Air Force Ss. 4, 6 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1924. .L.R.

c. 15 Auxiliary Air Force and Ss. 1, 2, 4 saved in pt. ... 50, s. 45 (3),

Air Force Reserve Act, . 5 rep 50, s. 44 (1),

1924. sch. 5.

c. 21 Finance Act, 1924 . 41 (1) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 24 Isle of Man (Customs) . 4 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1924.

c. 25 Telegraph (Money) Act, . 1 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1924. .L.R.

c. 27 Conveyancing (Scotland) . 18 appl .I. No. 42, reg.

Act, 1924. 14.

c. 41 Irish Free State (Con- Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

firmation of Agreement) Act, 1924. .L.R.

C.A.M. No. 3 ... Ecclesiastical Dilapida- Saved C.A.M. No. 5,

tions Measure, 1923. s. 4 (1),

15 & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 6 War Charges (Validity) Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1925. .L.R.

c. 18 Settled Land Act, 1925 ... . 29 (4) excl 33, s. 15 (3)

c. 22 Land Charges Act, 1925 . 15 (1) saved 49, s. 19 (3)

c. 25 Army and Air Force Ss. 12,16 (residue), 17(2) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1925. (b), rep. .L.R.

c. 34 Northern Ireland Land Ss. 1 (1) (c) in pt., 30 (2), 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1925. 32 (1), proviso, 32 (7), rep. .L.R.

c. 36 Finance Act, 1925 . 4 restr. . 6 (2) (3) rep .l. No. 1638. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 7 (I) cont. until 15.8.57 34, s. 1 (1) (a).

Ss. 27,28 (2), sch. 2 Pt. II 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

para. 1 (a) in pt., paras. (aa) and (ab), Pt. Ill .L.R.

para. 4, rep.

c. 56 Isle of Man (Customs) Ss. 5, 7 cont. until 1.8.54 44, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1925.

c. 60 Therapeutic Substances Sch. am .l. No. 1172.

Act, 1925.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xliii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

IS & 16 Geo. 5:

c. 65 Telegraph (Money) Act, 1925. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 77 Ireland (Confirmation of Agreement) Act, 1925. . 1 (2), proviso, rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 87 Tithe Act, 1925 Ss. 1 (1), 2, 4, 6, 7, 9, 11-13, rep. (all residue), 14 (1) (a) rep., 17 rep. (residue), 20 (3) (4) rep. (residue), 24 (2) (3) and 25 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 90 Rating and Valuation . 20(1) in pt., 20 (2) rep. 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

Act, 1925. . 68excl. ... ... appl. (mod.) 42, s. 2 (1). 42, ss. 5 (2), 6 (3).

16 & 17 Geo. 5:

c. 6 Army and Air Force Sch. 2, Pt. I in pt., Pt. Ill, 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1926. rep. .L.R.

c. 9 Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926. . 17 rep. 36, s. 91 (1), sch. 3.

c. 22 Finance Act, 1926 . 5 restr. Ss. 44, 47 (2), rep. .I. No. 1638 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 27 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926. . 8 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3 (1).

c. 28 Mining Industry Act, 1926. . 19 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 40 Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926. . 2 (2) am .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (5).

c. 41 Naval Reserve (Officers) Act, 1926. . 2 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 45 Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1926. . 10 rep. (saving) 48, s. 6 (2).

c. 48 Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1926. . 1 (1) am Ss. 2, 3 (2) rep. . 5 am Ss. 6, 7, 13 (3) in pt., sch. 1 rep. 20, s. 43 (1), sch. 1. 20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2. 20, s. 43 (1), sch. 1. 20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2.

c. 53 Merchandise Marks Act, . 1 excl 48, s. 3 (2).

1926. . 1 (1) ext 48, s. 3 (1) (c).

c. 59 Coroners (Amendment) Act, 1926. . 20 saved . 21 (2) rep .I. No. 205, r. 23. 20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2.

c. 60 Legitimacy Act, 1926 ... Sch., paras. 1, 3,5 rep.... Sch , para. 6 subst. 20, s. 43 (2), sch. 2. 20, s. 43 (1), sch. 1.

c. 63 Sale of Food (Weights and Measures) Act, . 4 (2) (a)restr. .I. No. 792, art. 29A.

1926. . 5 (2) am .I. No. 1095.

C.A.M. No. 4 ... 17 & 18 Geo. 5: Ecclesiastical Commis> sioners Measure, 1926. . 1 rep C.A.M. No. 4, s. 2, sch.

c. 10 Finance Act, 1927 Ss. 5 (residue), 50,57(2), sch. 1, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

i

xliv

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

17 & 18 Geo. 5:

c. 37 Road Transport Lighting Expld 21, s. 5 (1) (4).

Act, 1927. . Ill) am. (prosp.) 21, ss. 2 (1) (3), 5 (2) (4) 21, s. 1 (5) (8).

. 1 (2) saved

. 1 (2) 0 b) subst. 22, s. 1.

. 1 (3) saved 21, s. 1 (5) (8).

. 2 (2) mod 21, s. 4 (1).

. 3 ext 21, s. 4 (2).

. 5(1) (a) am. .) 21, s. 2 (4) (a).

. 5 (2) (added by 1945, c. 21, s. 1 (7) (8).

8. s. 2 (1)) rep. (prosp.). . 6 (i) rep. (prosp.) 21, s. 5 (3) (4).

. 6 (iii) excl. (prosp.) ... 21, •. 3 (4) (7).

. 6 (iii) (b) rep. in pt. 21, s. 1 (7) (8).

(prosp.). . 7 (2) rep. (prosp.) ... 21, s. 3 (6) (7).

. 8. Power to mod. 21, s. 3 (2) (7).

(prosp.). . 8 (1) (a), (c) am. (prosp.) 21, s. 2 (4) (b).

. 9 am. (prosp.) . 10, proviso, am. (prom.) . 11 (2) ext. (mod) 21, s. 1 (4) (8). 21, s. 1 (6H8). 22, s. 2 (2).

(trolley vehicles). Ss. 14 (1), 15 rep. in pt. 22, s. 2 (1).

18 & 19 Geo. 5:

c. 17 Finance Act, 1928 . 6 (I) (a) rep. in pt. ... 34, ss. 3 (1), 35 (7), sch. 3 Pt. I,

. 35 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

19 &20 Geo. 3:

c. 17 Local Government Act, Ss. 21-25 rep 37. s, 23 (2),

1929. sch. 2.

. 26 rep. 20, s. 43 (2),

sch, 2.

Ss. 27,28, 131 (2) proviso 37, s. 23 (2),

(6) in pt., sch. 10 paras. 6, 7, 24 (a), rep. . 72 appl. and excl. ... sch. 2.

42, s. 5 (3).

c. 21 Finance Act, 1929 . 4 (1) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 4 (1) proviso cont. until 34, s. 1 (1) (b).

15, 8, 57. Ss. 4 (2), 6(1) rep. ... 5 (2 Biz. 2)

.L.R.

c. 31 Pharmacy Act, 1929 ... . 1 am 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. I. C.A.M. No. 5,

C.A.M. No. 3 ... Ecclesiastical Dilapida- Saved

tions (Amendment) Measure. 1929. s. 4 (1).

20 & 21 Geo. 5:

c. 1 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1929.

c. 5 Colonial Development Long title and s. 4 rep. in 5 (2 Biz. 2),

Act, 1929. Pt. .L.R.

c. 22 Army and Air Force Ss. 5 (3), 6 (1) rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1930. .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xlv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

20 A 21 Geo. 5:

c. 28 Finance Act, 1930 . 40 (2) excl . 42 appl. (E.) (.) ... . 53 (2) rep 34, s. 30 (3). 13, s. 26 (3). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 38 Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1930. Rep. (saving) 24, s. 1.

c. 42 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1930. . 4 (1) (2) rep. in pt. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 43 Road Traffic Act, 1930... . 6 (1) (a) restr. . 9 (3), proviso, subst. . 18(1) (c) expld. Pt. IV (ss. 61-100) excl. . 61 excl. . 67 excl . 72 ext. (exc. London) excl . 72 (3) ext restr Ss. 73-76 ext. (exc. London). . 104 (3) rep 45, s. 2 (4) 47, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 1, 47, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 2, 47, s. 7 33, s. 12 (2). 5.1. No. 875. 13, s. 18 (2) (4). 5.1. No. 875. 13, s. 18 (4). 13, s. 25 (4). 13, s. 18 (2) (4). 36, s. 91 (I), sch. 3,

c. 44 Land Drainage Act, 1930 Saved 18,8.12.

c. 45 Criminal Appeal (Northern Ireland) Act, 1930. . 19 (4) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

21 & 22 Geo. 5:

c. 14 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1931. . 6 and sch. 2 rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 16 Ancient Monuments Act, Appl 49, s. 12 (5).

1931. . 4 rep . 9 (1) ext . 11 am ext . 11 (c)expld . 16 (5) (c) expld. 49, s. 13 (1). 49, s. 18 (1). 49, s. 19 (1). 49, s. 19 (2). 49, s. 13 (2). 49, s. 13 (2).

c. 28 ... Finance Act, 1931 . 44 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 34 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1931. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 45 Local Government (Clerks) Act, 1931. . 9 saved 25, s. 24 (3).

C.A.M. No. 3 Benefices (Exercise of Rights of Presentation) Measure, 1931. Saved C.A.M. No. 5, s. 5 (1).

22 & 23 Geo. 5:

c. 8 Import Duties Act, 1932 Pt. I (ss. 1-11) am. . 1 (3), proviso, rep. ... Sch. 1 am. 34, s. 4 (1) (3), sch. 1, para. 1. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .ISLNos. 1281, 1343, 1637 1696.

c. 11 Northern Ireland (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1932. . 1 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), | .L.R.

xlvi

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

22 &23Ge:>. 5:

c. 22 Army and Air Force Sch. 2, Pts. I-III rep. in 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1932. pt. .L.R.

c. 24 Wheat Act, 1932 . 18 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 25 Finance Act, 1932 . 5 restr. . 31 (2) rep .I. No. 1638. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 29 Coal Mines Act, 1932 ... . 1 (2) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 32 Patents and Designs Act, Sch. rep. so far as amend- 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1932. ing s. 91 (1), (2), (5) of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907. .L.R.

c. 36 Carriage by Air Act, 1932 . 1 (4), (5) and sch. 1 appl. (mod.). .I. No. 1206.

c. 41 Isle of Man (Customs) . 2 appl. 44, s. 2 (2).

(No. 2) Act, 1932. . 9 cont. until 1.8.54 ... Ss. 10 (2), 13 rep. 44, s. 3 (1). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 51 Sunday Entertainments . 5 mod. (meaning of 8 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1932. " elector " and " local government elector"). s. 1 (3), sch.

23 & 24 Geo. 5:

c. 4 Evidence (Foreign, Dominion and Colonial Documents) Act, 1933. Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)... .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2).

c. 6 Visiting Forces (British . 5 ext. (R. and N. .I. No. 1199,

Commonwealth) Act, 1933. Fedn.). art. 13 (2).

c. 12 Children and Young Persons Act, 1933. . 6 rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

c. 14 London Passenger Transport Act, 1933. . 26 (2) expld 13, s. 18 (4).

c. 19 Finance Act, 1933 . 2 (2) cont. until 15.8.57 . 2 (4) cont. until 15.11.57 . 9 restr. Ss. 20 (1) in pt., 47 (3), rep. 34, s. 1 (1) (c). 34, s. 1 (2). .I. No. 1638. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 25 Pharmacy and Poisons Act, 1933. . 1 (2) rep. in pt. . 1 (4) am Ss. 1 (6), 3 (1) in pt., rep. . 7 (2) am . 29 rep. in pt. 19, ss. 7 (e), 9, sch. 2, Pt. II. 19, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 3 (b). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt.II. 19, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 3 (c). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. II.

c. 31 Agricultural Marketing Act, 1933. . 26 (5) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 32 Rent and Mortgage Interest Restrictions (Amendment) Act, 1933. Sch. 1, para, (g) (ii) restr. 47, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 4.

c. 36 Administration of Justice (Miscellaneous Provi-sions( Act, 1933. . 1 (2), (3) in pt., rep.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

xlvii

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

23 A24 Geo. 5: 1

c. 40 Isle of Man (Customs) . 4 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3.

Act, 1933. . 10 (9) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 12 appl 44, s. 2 (2).

Sch. 3, Pt. V, paras. 1-4 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

rep. .L.R.

c. 45 Sea Fishing Industry Act, Ss. 6, 8 (5) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1933. .L.R.

c. 51 Local Government Act, Ss. 7 (4), 22 (4) rep. ... 26, s. 14 (3). 26, s. 15 (a).

1933 . 76 (2A) am . 94, proviso, para. (

33, s. 13 (1).

added.

. 290 (2H5) appl. ... 46, ss. 57 (5),

70(6).

appl. (mod.) 49, s. 11, sch..

para. 4 (1).

. 290 (2) (3) (5) appl. .I. No. 1175,

(mod.). reg. 3 (10).

. 305 (definition of 8 (2 Eliz. 2),

" local government elector*’ and "elector") s. 1 (3), sch.

mod.

c. 53 Road and Rail Traffic . 3 (1H4) exd. 13, ss. 3 (4), 7 (5),

Act, 1933. sch. 1, Pts. I, para. 1, II, para. 1.

. 6 (2) am. 13, s. 9 (1) (2).

restr 13, s. 25 (4).

. 11 excl 13, s. 3, sch. 1,

Pt. I, para. 5.

. 12 ext. (mod.) 13, s. 5 (7).

. 13 saved 13, ss. 3 (4), 7 (5),

sch. 1, Pt. I, para. 7, Pt. II, para. 5.

mod. 13, s. 9 (4).

. 25 ext. 13, s. 11 (1).

. 34 ext 13, s. 11 (2).

. 37 excl. (exc. sub- 13, s. 21 (1) (c).

section (13)). (4).

. 38 exd. 13, s. 21 (1) (c).

. 39 appl. (mod.) 13, s. 21 (2), (4),

sch. 4, Pt. I.

24 & 25 Geo. 5:

c. 11 Army and Air Force . 7, sch. 2 so far as re- 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1934. lating to s. 91 of the Army Act, rep. .L.R.

c. 24 Statutory Salaries Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Restoration) Act, 1934. .L.R.

c. 26 Licensing (Permitted Hours) Act, 1934. Rep. (E.) 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

c. 30 Cotton Manufacturing Ss. 1, 2 cont. until 9 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

Industry (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1934. 31.12.54. (1), sch., Pt. I.

c. 31 Debts Clearing Offices Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

and Import Restrictions Act, 1934. .L.R.

2 F

xlviii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

24 & 25 Geo. 5:

c. 32 Finance Act, 1934 . 30 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 50 Road Traffic Act, 1934 ... . 1 cont. as amd. until 9 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

31.12.54. (1), sch., Pt. I.

. 19 (1) rep. (prosp.)... 21, s. 1 (7) (8).

. 19 (2) am. (prosp.) ... 21, s. 1 (4) (8).

. 31 (1) susp 47, s. 8 (1).

excl 47, s. 8 (3).

c. 54 Cattle Industry (Emer- Ss. 1 (1) in pt., 5(1) (2), 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

gency Provisions) Act, 1934. rep. .L.R.

25 & 26 Geo. 5:

c. 9 Herring^ Industry Act, . 7 am Ss. 8, 9 rep 17, ss. 7 (1), 14 (1). sch., Pt. I. 17, s. 14(2), sch., Pt. II. 17, s. 14(1), sch., Pt. 1. 17, s. 14 (2), sch., Pt. II. 17, s. 14(1), sch..

. 10 (1) am . 10 (2) am

. 14(1) am

Pt. 1.

. 14 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 15 (2H4) ext. 17, s. 15 (2).

c. 15 Post Office (Amendment) Rep 36, s. 91 (1), sch.

Act, 1935. 3.

c. 21 Northern Ireland Land Ss. 9 (3), 12 (3), sch. 2 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Purchase (Winding Up) Act, 1935. para, (b) in pt., rep. .L.R.

c. 24 Finance Act, 1935 . 35 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8:

c. 21 Cotton Spinning Industry Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1936. .L.R.

c. 34 Finance Act, 1936 . 35 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 39 Firearms (Amendment) . 16 (3), sch. 3, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1936. (N.I.). .L.R.

c. 43 Tithe Act, 1936 Ss. 2 (2) (3), 5 (IM3), 6 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(1) (2), 7 (2), 8, 22, 23, 25 (4) (/»(/)(*), 29(a), (c) in pt., 31 (6), 47(1) .L.R.

in pt., sch. 1, sch. 3, Pt. I, sch. 7, Pt. II, paras. 1-4, sch. 8, paras. 2-4, 6, 7, rep.

c. 45 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1936.

c. 47 Crown Lands Act, 1936. . 5 rep 1 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

A.D. 1953 Effect of Legislation xlix

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

26 Geo. 5 &

1 Edw. 8:

c. 49 Public Health Act, 1936 . 36 excl. in pt. 26, s. 13.

. 75 (1) ext 26, s. 8 (4).

. 75 (3) am 26, s. 8 (1).

. 143 appl. (mod.) .I. No. 1681.

(Crown property, N.l.). Ss. 144 appl. (mod.), 145, .I. No. 299.

146 appl. . 278 (1) ext .I. No. 299.

. 278 (2) appl 26, s. 6 (3).

ext .I. No. 299.

. 343 (definition of 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

" elector " and " local government elector") mod. (3), sch.

c. 50 Public Health (London) Ss. 56-59, 61-63 rep. ... xliii, s. 26, sch.

Act, 1936.

. 76 am. xliii, s. 21.

. 80 rep. in pt. xliii, s. 26, sch.

c. 51 Housing Act, 1936 . 11 mod 26, ss. 10 (1), 11

(2) (3).

. 11 (1) appl. in pt. ... 26, s. 10 (2).

ext 26, s. 10 (3).

. 11 (2) (3) excl. Ss. 12 (1), 14, 15, 18, 19, 26, s. 10 (3). 26, s. 10 (4).

appl.

. 47 rep. 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

. 156 appl 26, s. 10 (4).

. 160 appl 26, s. 10 (5).

. 188 (definition of 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

" elector " and local government elector ") mod. (3), sch.

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6:

c. 15 Geneva Convention Act, . 3 ext. (R. and N. .I. No. 1199,

1937. Fedn.). art. 13 (2).

c. 16 Regency Act, 1937 Am. (meaning of "full 1 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 2.

age").

. 3 (2) saved 1 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

(3) (a).

. 3 (5) saved 1 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

. 6(2) am. (temp.) (3) (*). 1 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 3.

. 6 (2A) rep. in pt. 1 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 4

(2).

. 6 (4) mod. 1 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

(4).

c. 28 Harbours, Piers and Fer- . 7 (1) am 11, s. 1.

ries (Scotland) Act, 1937.

c. 33 Diseases of Fish Act, . 2 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1937. .L.R.

c. 35 Statutory Salaries Act, Rep. (N.l.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1937. .L.R.

c. 38 Ministers of the Crown . 1 (1) (c) rep .I. No. 1198.

, Act,. 1937. Ss. 2 (2) (b) and 9 (1) (c) .I. No. 1204,

am. art. 3 (2).

Sch. 1, Pt. Ill rep. .I. No. 1198.

c. 50 ... ... Livestock Industry Act, . 49 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1937. .L.R.

2 F 2

1

Effect of Legislation

2Euz.2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8

1 Geo. 6:

c. 52 Chairman of Traffic Com- . 1 (1) and (2) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Elk. 2),

missioners, etc. (Tenure of Office) Act, 1937. SX.R.

c. 54 Finance Act, 1937 . 34 (3) rep 5 (2 Elk. 2*.

.LJL

c. 57 Matrimonial Causes Act, . 11 ext 47, s. 1, sch. 1,

1937. para. 3.

c. 64 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1937.

c. 68 Local Government Super- Appl. (prosp.) Appl. (mod.) (prosp.) ... 25, s. 15 (1).

annuation Act, 1937. 25, s. 23 (U,

sch. 3, Pl £ para. 2.

Power to apply Act ... 25, s. 23 (3).

sch. 4, para. I.

Excl 25, s. 24 (2).

. 3 (1) ext 25, s. 8(1).

. 3 (4) (c) excl. 25,s. 11(1) (2).

. 4 (2) proviso (b) rep. in 25, s. 8 (2).

pt. . 5 rep. (saving) 25, s. 15 (6).

. 6 (1) proviso subst. ... 25, s. 5 (2).

. 6 (5) am 25, s. 8 (3).

. 7 (3) rep 25, s. 5 (3).

. 8 rep. (saving) (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (1) (a).

. 8 (3) rep 25. s. 5 (4).

. 8 (5) (b)am 25, s. 8 (3).

. 9 rep. (saving) (prosp.) 25, s. 16 (5).

. 10 (1) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 4 (1) (h

sch. 1.

. 10 (2) am. (prosp.) ... 25, ss. 4 (1) 0), 17 (1), sch. L 25, s. 4 (I) 0), sch. 1. 25, s. 4 (1) 0),

. 10 (3) subst.

. 10 (4) am.'(prop.) ...

sch. 1.

am 25, s. 17 (2).

. 10 (6) am 25, s. 8 (4).

. 11 (1) rep. (saving) ... 25, s. 18 (4).

. 11 (2) rep. (prospJ ... 25,s.4(l)(«).

. 11 (3), so far as relating 25,8.4(1)0).

to s. 11 (2), rep. (prosp.) . 11 (3), except so far as 25, s. 18 (4).

relating to s. 11 (2), rep. (saving).

. 12 (1) (c) am. 25, s. 7 (8).

. 12 (2) excl . 12 (5) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 7 (1). 25, s. 4 (1) 0),

sch. 1.

. 12 (6) ext 25, s. 7 (2).

. 14 rep. (saving) (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (1) 0).

. 16 ext. 25, s. 9 (1).

. 16 (1) (a) rep. in pt. 25, s. 4 (1) 0),

(prosp.). sch. 1.

. 16 (1) (b) excl. 25, s. 11(1), (2).

. 16 (2) rep. (saving) 25,8.4(1)0).

(prosp.). . 17 am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (1) 0X

sch. 1.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

li

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8 ft

1 Geo. 6:

c. 68 Local Government Super- . 17 (1) proviso (c) am. 25, s. 16 (4).

annuation Act, 1937— . 20 rep. (pros 25, s. 23 (1),

cotIf. sch. 2 I, Pt- I,

para. 8(a).

. 21 (3) am. .) ... 25, s. 4 (1) (6),

sch. 1.

. 23 ext 25, s. 20

. 24 rep. 25, s. 17 (4).

. 23 am. 25, s. 22 (2).

. 26 (4) am. .) ... 25, s. 4 (1) (b).

sch. 1

. 31 am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (1) (b).

sch. 1.

. 31 (2) am 25, s. 6 (3).

. 35 ext 25, s. 21 (1).

. 36 am. and ext. 25, s. 26.

. 36 (5) ext 25, s. 22 (2).

. 36 (6) ext 25, s. 21 (2).

. 36 (7) rep 25, s. 26 (5).

. 38 (1) am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (1) (6),

sch. 1.

. 38 (2) rep 25, s. 26 (5).

. 40 (1) am. (prosp.)... 25, s. 4 (1) (b).

sch. 1.

am 25, ss. 5 (5), 7 (6),

(7).

rep. in pt. 25, s. 7 (6).

am. (retrosp.) 25, s. 19.

Sch. 2. Pt. n:

para. A rep. (saving)... 25, s. 24 (5).

para. B, sub-para. 1 rep. 25, s. 5 (6).

inpt.

sub-para. 2 25, s. 4 (1) (b)t

am. (prosp.) sch. 1.

para. C am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (1) (b\

sch. 1.

Sch. 2, Pt. Ill rep. (prosp.) 25, s. 23(1), sch.

3, Pt. I, para.

8(a).

Pt. V am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (1) (6),

sch. 1

c. 69 Local Government Super- Act appl. (prosp.) 25, s. 15(1).

annuation (Scotland) s. 3 (1) ext 25, s. 8 (1).

Act, 1937. s. 3 (4) (c) exd 25, s. 11 (1), (2).

. 4 (2) proviso rep. in pt. 25, s. 8 (2).

. 5 (1H4) reP- (saving) 25, s. 15 (6).

. 6(1) proviso subst. ... 25, s. 5 ( ?).

. 6 (5) am 25, s. 8 ( 3).

. 7 (3) rep 25, s. 5 (3).

. 8 rep. (saving) (prosp.) 25, s. 4 1 (2) (a).

. 8 (3) rep 25, s. 5 ( 4).

. 8 (5) (b) am 25, s. 8 (3).

. 9 rep. (saving) (prosp.) 25, s. 16 (5).

. 10 (1) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 4 (2) (b).

sch. 2.

. 10 (2) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 4 (2) (6),

sch. 2.

am 25, s. 17 (1).

lii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

1 Edw. 8 &

1 Geo. 6:

c. 69 Local Government Super- . 10 (3) subst. 25, s. 4 (2) (6),

annuation (Scotland) sch. 2.

Act, 1937—cont. . 10 (4) am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (2) (A),

sch. 2.

am 25, s. 17 (2).

. 10 (6) am . 11 (1) rep. (saving) ... . 11 (2) rep. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 8 (4). 25, s. 18 (4). 25, s. 4 (2) (o).

. 11 (3), so far as relating 25, s. 4 (2) (a).

to s. 11 (2), rep. .) . 11 (3), except so far as 25, s. 18 (4).

relating to s. 11 (2), rep. (saving).

. 11 (4) rep. (saving) ... 25, s. 18 (4).

. 12(1) (c)am. 25, s. 7 (8).

. 12 (2) excl 25, s. 7(1).

. 12 (5) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 4 (2) (b).

sch. 2.

. 12 (6) ext 25, s. 7 (2).

. 14 rep. (saving) (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (2) (a).

. 15 am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (2) (6),

sch. 2.

. 15 proviso (c) am. ... 25, s. 16 (4).

. 16 ext. 25, s. 9 (1).

. 16 (1) (a) rep. in pt. 25, s. 4 (2) (6),

(prosp.). . 16 (1) (b)excl. sch. 2. 25, s. 11 (1), (2).

. 16 (2) rep. (saving) 25, s. 4 (2)

(prosp.). . 17 (3) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 4 (2) (b).

sch. 2.

. 19 ext 25, s. 20.

. 20 rep. 25, s. 17 (4).

. 21 am. 25, s. 22 (2).

. 22 (3) am. (prosp.) ... . 26 am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (2) (b), sch. 2. 25, s. 4 (2) (b).

sch. 2.

. 26 (2) am 25, s. 6 (3).

. 30 ext. 25, s. 21 (1).

. 31 am. and ext. 25, s. 26.

. 31 (5) ext 25, s. 22 (2).

. 31 (6) ext 25, s. 21 (2).

. 31 (7) rep 25, s. 26 (5).

. 34 (1) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 4 (2) (b).

sch. 2.

am 25, ss. 5 (5), 7 (6),

(7).

rep. in pt. 25, s. 7 (6).

. 36 (1) am. (prosp.) ... 25, s. 4 (2) (b).

sch. 2.

. 36 (2) rep 25, s. 26 (5).

Sch. 2 am. (prosp.) 25, s. 4 (2) (b).

sch. 2.

c. 70 ... Agriculture Act, 1937 ... Ss. 1 (l)inpt., 1 (2)inpt., 1 (3), 3 (1) in pt., 4 in 5 (2 Eliz. 2).

.L.R.

pt., 5 in pt., 30 (1) (A in pt., rep.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

liii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Geo. 6:

c. 12 Population (Statistics) Act, 1938. Cont. as amd. until 31.12.54. Saved . 3 (1) rep. (E. and W.), 3 (2) rep. 9 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (1), sch. Pt. I. 20, s. 42 (5). 37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2.

c. 20 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1938. Ss. 4, 7 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 29 Patents, Ac. International Conventions) Act, 1938. . 9 ext. (R. and N. Fedn.) .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2).

c. 30 Sea Fish Industry Act, 1938. . 51 (3) am .I. No. 773.

c. 42 Herring Industry Act, 1938. Ss. 3-5 rep., 6 (1) in pt, 6 (2), and (so far as amending s. 9 of the Herring Industry Act, 1935) sch. 2, rep. 17, s. 14 (2), sch. Pt. II.

c. 46 Finance Act, 1938 Ss. 6 (1), 55 (3), rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 48 Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act, 1938. . 8 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 68 Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1938. . 3 (1) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

C.A.M. No. 4 Ecclesiastical Commissioners (Powers) Measure, 1938. . 1 ext. C.A.M. No. 5, s. 3 (iii).

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 16 Prevention of Fraud (Investments) Act, 1939. . 10 (8) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 17 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1939. Ss. 6,10,11(2), 12 rep.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 21 Limitation Act, 1939 ... Ss. 2, 3 mod . 21 excl 7 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 3 (2). 7 (2 Eliz. 2), 15, s. 28 (3), s. 3 (I).

c. 38 Ministry of Supply Act, 1939. . 15 (5). Certain functions trans. to Lord Pres, of the Council. . 15 (5) am. (atomic energy and radioactive substances). .I. No. 1673.

c. 40 London Government Act, 1939. . 52 (2A) am . 64 proviso am. . 93 rep . 175 rep . 206 (definition of " local government elector " or " elector ") mod. 26, s. 15 (b). 33, s. 13 (2). 25, s. 25 (3). xliii, s. 45 (2). 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch.

c. 41 Finance Act, 1939 . 38 (3) rep Sch. 3 para. 1 (iii) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 34, s. 4 (2).

c. 45 Mining Industry (Amendment) Act, 1939. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 48 Agricultural Development Act, 1939. . 10 (2) restored Ss. 25 (3), 27-30,37 (3) in pt., 37 (4) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 3, sch. 4. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

liv

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

2 & 3 Geo. 6: c. 50 Prevention of Violence Cont. until 31.12.54 (with 9 (2 Eliz. 2

(Temporary Provisions) exceptions as to making s. 1 (1), set.

Act, 1939. orders). Pt. L

c. 57 War Risks Insurance Ss. 9A (1) (6), 9 (2), 14(3) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1939. rep. in pt. .LJL

c. 62 Emergency Powers Ss. 1 (2) (a) (oa), 2 (3) in 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Defence) Act, 1939. pt., 6 rep. . 7 applicn. cont. (Isle of Man). . 11 (1) proviso, (2) rep. . 2 (2) rep .L.R.

c. 64 Currency (Defence) Act, .I. No. 1769. 5 (2 Eliz. 2) .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 68 1939. Armed Forces (Condi- Saved .LJL 50, s. 46 (6).

C. 69 tions of Service) Act, 1939. Import, Export and Customs Powers (Defence) Act, 1939. . 3 (3) am 47, s. 1. sch. 1,

ext para. 5 (1). 47; s. 1, ach. 1,

c. 75 Compensation (Defence) . 2 (2) mod para. 5(2). 47, s. 1, sch. 1.

c. 82 Act, 1939. Personal Irguries (Emer- . 11 mod. Ss. 2 (3) in pt., 3-5 rep.... para. 6. 47, s. 1, sch. 1, para. 7 (3). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 85 gency Provisions) Act, 1939. House of Commons (Ser- Rep SXJL 5 (2 Eliz. 21

c. 86 vice in His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1939. Isle of Man (War Legisla- Expired (18.6.53) .LJL SX No. 976.

c. 87 tion) Act, 1939. Navy and Marines (Wills) Rep. (saving) 24, s. 1.

c. 89 Act, 1939. Trading with the Enemy Appl. 52, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1939. . 1 (1) am. 47, s. 2, sch. 2,

. 1 (2) (b)am . 1 (2) proviso (ii) am. . 1 (3A) added . 2 (1) am. . 2 (1) (*) added . 3A added . 4 appl. . 4 (3) proviso am. ... . 5 appl. . 7 appl. . 7 (1) ext para. 2 (1). 47, s. 2, sch. 2. para. 2 (IX. 47, s. 2. sch. 2, para. 2 (2). 4T,s. 2, sch. 2. para. 2 (4). 47, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 3 ( ). 47, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 3 (a). 47, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 4. 47; s. 2. sch. 2, para. 9 (1). 47, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 5. 47, s. 2, sch. 2. 47, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 9. 52, s. 3 (6). 47, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 6.

A..D. 1953 Effect of Legislation lv

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or Statutory

Instrument

2 & 3 Geo. 6:

c. 89— con . 7 (3) excl . 8 rep. 52, s. 3 (4) (a). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 15 (1A) added 47, s. 2, sch. 2,

para. 8.

c. 90 Military and Air Forces Saved 50, s. 46 (6).

(Prolongation of Service) Act, 1939.

c. 91 National Registration Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1939. .L.R.

c. 94 Local Government Staffs . 3 (4) ext 25, s. 7 (3).

(War Service) Act, 1939

c. 109 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1939 . 24 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2).

.L.R.

c. 113 Courts (Emergency Pow- Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

ers) (Scotland) Act, 1939. .L.R.

c. 115 Local Elections and Residue rep. (N. I.) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Register of Electors (Temporary Provisions) .L.R.

Act, 1939.

c. 117 National Loans Act, 1939 Appl 15, ss. 21 (3), 22(5). 4 (2 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (2) (3).

c. 118 Prices of Goods Act, Expired .I. No. 749.

1939. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

3 & 4 Geo. 6.:

c. 7 Trade Boards and Road Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Haulage Wages (Emergency Provisions) Act, .L.R.

1940.

c. 10 Industrial Assurance and Ss. 2 (1), (3) rep. in pt.. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Friendly Societies 2 (4), 5 (1) rep., 5 (3) .L.R.

(Emergency Protection from Forfeiture) Act, and 6 rep. in pt., 7 rep., 8 (1). (3). (6) 10 (1) all

c. 14 1940. Agriculture (Miscellane- «?f,nSP‘- o. it rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

ous War Provisions) Act, 1940. • .L.R.

c. 15 Solicitors (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1940. Ss. 2,5-7,8 in pt., rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 18 Army and Air Force . 3 (1) (2) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1940. .L.R.

c. 19 Societies (Miscellaneous Ss. 1 (2) in pt., 1 (4), (5), 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Provisions) Act, 1940. 2(4), 3, 4, 7, rep. .L.R.

c. 20 Emergency Powers (Defence) Act, 1940. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 28 Evidence and Powers of Ss. 1-3, 5-7, 8 (2) rep.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Attorney Act, 1940. .L.R.

c. 29 Finance Act, 1940 Ss. 8 (residue), 65 (3), rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 40 Colonial Development Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)... .I. No. 1199,

and Welfare Act, 1940. Ss. 2 (2), proviso, in pt.. art. 13 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

3 (1) (2), (3) in pt., 3 (4), (5), sch. Pts. I,n, .L.R.

IV, rep. 1

2 F*

lvi

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

3 & 4 Geo. 6: c. 45 Emergency Powers (De- Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 48 fence) (No. 2) Act, 1940. Finance (No. 2) Act, 1940 . 42 (3) rep .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 49 Isle of Man (Customs) Residue rep .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

C.A.M. No. 2 Act, 1940. Benefice Buildings (Post- Rep .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

C.A.M. No. 3 ponement of Inspections and Repayment of Loans) Measure, 1940. Ecclesiastical Dilapida- Saved .L.R. C.A.M. No. 5,

4 & 5 Geo. 6: c. 5 tions (Chancel Repairs) Measure, 1940. Railways Agreement Rep s. 4 (1). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 8 (Powers) Act, 1940. House of Commons Dis- Rep .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 12 qualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1941. War Damage Act, 1941... Ss. 75 (3), 75 (4) in pt., .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 23 Temporary Migration of 78 (3) rep. Rep .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 24 Children (Guardianship) Act, 1941. Liabilities (War-Time Ss. 1 (2) proviso ( ), 1 (4), .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Adjustment) Act, 1941. (8), (9), 2 (1) in pt., 2 (2M4), 2 (5) in pt., 3 (1) in pt., 3 (2) (c), (4) , (5), 4 (2), 10 (4), 11 (2) in pt., 14 (1) in pt.,14(5M8),(9)inpt., 15 (2), 15 (3) in pt., 15 (6) in pt., 15 (8), 16 (2), (3) in pt., 17 (3), 20 (3) (4), 24 (1), (3>- (5) , 25, rep. . 3 rep SLR.

c. 30 Finance Act, 1941 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 31 Goods and Services (Price . 28 (1) rep. in pt. . 52 (3) rep Expired (29.4.53) .L.R. 34, s. 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. II. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. .I. No. 749.

Control) Act, 1941. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 42 Pharmacy and Medicines . 4 am. .L.R. 19, s. 1, sch. 1,

c. 47 Act, 1941. Marriage (Members of His Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1941. Agriculture (Miscella- . 17 (1) am Residue rep para. 3 (). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. I. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 50 . 1 (1) rep .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

neous Provisions) Act, 1941. .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

c. 1 Arthur Jenkins Indemnity Act, 1941. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 9 Restoration of Pre-War Trade Practices Act, 1942. . 13 para. ( e) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 11 Ministers of the Crown and House of Commons Disqualification Act, 1942. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 15 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1942. . 5 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR.

c. 20 Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1942. . 1 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 21 Finance Act, 1942 . 10 rep. in pt . 37 rep. in pt . 49 (4) rep Sch. 6 Pt. I rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10. 34, s. 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. II. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 46, s. i68,sch. 10.

c. 26 Pensions (Mercantile Marine) Act, 1942. . 7 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

6 & 7 Geo. 6:

c. 10 House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1943. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 15 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1943. Ss. 9, 11 (1) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 19 Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1943. Residue rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 25 Settled Land and Trustee Acts (Court’s General Powers) Act, 1943. . 1 (2) (6), (c) in pt., (5) in pt., (6) rep. 47, ss. 9, 14 (2), sch. 3.

c. 28 Finance Act, 1943 . 31 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 35 Foreign Service Act, 1943 . 3. "War period" ended on 31.12.52. Sch. rep. in pt .I. No. 1222. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 44 Rent of Furnished Houses Control (Scotland) Act, 1943. Cont. as amd. until 31.3.55 9 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (2), sch., Pt. II,

c. 47 Price Control (Regulation Expired (29.4.53) .I. No. 749.

7 & 8 Geo. 6: of Disposal of Stocks) Act, 1943. i Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 6 Courts Emergency Powers (Scotland) Act, 1944. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 11 House of Commons Disqualification (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1944. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 21 Pensions (Increase) Act, 1944. . 4 am Sch. 1 ext 25, s. 23 (3), sch 4, para. 4. .I. No. 449.

2 F* 2

lviii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Geo. 6:

c. 23 Finance Act, 1944 . 3 rep 34, ss. 9 (3), 35

(7), sch. 3, Pt. L

Ss. 8 rep., 9 rep. (E.) ... 46,s. 168, sch. 10.

. 49 (4) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 28 Agriculture (Miscellane- . 4 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

ous Provisions) Act, 1944. .L.R.

c. 31 Education Act, 1944 ... . 13 (3) am 33, s. 16.

Ss. 13 (6), 33 (2) am. ... 33, s. 17, sch. 1.

. 37 (2) proviso subst.... 33, s. 10.

. 40 (4) subst 33, s. 11 (1).

. 40 (5) am 33, s. 11 (2).

. 48 (4), (5) am. 33, s. 4 (2).

. 55 (1) ext. (mod.) (fare- 33, s. 12 (1).

paying pupils). Ss. 78 (1), (2), 79 am. ... 33, s. 17, sch. 1.

. 85 (3) subst. (retrosp.) 33, s. 9 (1).

. 87 (2) mod 33, s. 15 (1).

. 100 (1) (a), (2) am. ... 33, s. 17, sch. 1.

. 103 (1) am. (retrosp.) 33, s. 8 (1).

. 103 (2) rep 33, s. 17, sch. 2.

. 104 (1) am. (retrosp.) 33, s. 8 (2).

. 104 (2) (a)am. 33, s. 1.

. 104 (2) (b)rep. 33, s. 17, sch. 2.

. 105 (2) (a), (c) am. ... 33, s. 8 (3).

. 114(1) am 33, s. 17, sch. 1.

rep. inpt. ... 33, s. 17, sch. 2.

c. 32 Herring Industry Act, . 1 rep 17, s. 14 (2), sch..

1944. .4(lM3)rep Pt. II. 17, ss. 7 (7), 14

(2), sch., Pt. II.

. 4 (4), (6), (7) am. ... 17, s. 14(1), sch..

Pt. I.

. 5 rep 17, s. 14 (2), sch..

Pt. II.

Sch. rep. so far as amend- 17, s. 14 (2), sch..

ing s. 9 of the Herring Industry Act, 1935. Pt. II.

Sch. rep. so far as amend- 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

ing the Herring Industry Act, 1938. .L.R.

c. 35 National Fire Service Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Regulations (Indemnity) Act, 1944. .L.R.

c. 40 Liabilities (War-Time Ss. 2 (3M9), 3, 4 (2) in 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Adjustment) Act, 1944. pt., 8 (4), 13, 14, 21 in pt., sch. 2 in pt., rep. .L.R.

c. 46 Ministry of National " Minister " styled Min.

Insurance Act, 1944. of Pensions and National Insurance. .I. No. 1198, h art. 3.

Ss. 3 and 4 appl. to second

Parly. Secy.

c. 47 Town and Country Plan- . 15 rep *46, s. 168, sch. 10.

ning Act, 1944. . 25 appl. (mod.) 18, s. 5, sch..

para. 3.

Ss. 26, 27 appl 18, s. 5, sch..

para. 3.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lix

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

7 & 8 Geo. 6:

C.A.M. No. 1 Reorganisation Areas . 17 (1) (c)expld. C.A.M. No. 2,

Measure, 1944. s. 8 (2).

. 30 (2) (3) rep. C.A.M. No. 2,

s. 10.

8 A 9 Geo. 6:

C.A.M. No. 1 Emergency Legislation . 7 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Measure, 1944. .L.R.

c. 8 Road Transport Lighting . 2 rep. (prosp.) 21, s. 1(7), (8).

(Cycles) Act, 1945.

c. 12 Northern Ireland (Mis- Ss. 4 (1), 12 (2), sch. rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

cellaneous Provisions) Act, 1945. .L.R.

c. 15 Licensing Planning fTein- Rep 46, s. 168, sch.

porary Provisions) Act, 1945. 10. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 18 Local Authorities Loans Ss. 1,9(1) in pt., 9 (3) rep.

Act, 1945. .L.R.

c. 19 Ministry of Fuel and Ss. 3 (4), 7 (2) rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Power Act, 1945. .L.R.

c. 36 Distribution of Industry Sch. 1 am. .I. No. 330.

Act, 1945.

c. 42 Water Act, 1945 Sch. 3, Pt. XIII:

Incorporation (except 26, s. 12 (1) (6).

s. 61) in local Acts, s. 41 (3) excl. in pt. ... 26, s. 12 (4).

s. 64 mod 26, s. 12 (3), sch.

c. 43 Requisitioned Land and . 4 saved in pt. 36, s. 47 (5).

War Works Act, 1945.

c. 44 Treason Act, 1945 Sch. rep., except in so far 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

as relating to the Treason Act, 1695, and .L.R.

the Treason Act, 1708.

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 8 War Damage (Valuation Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Appeals) Act, 1945. .L.R.

c. 10 Supplies and Services Cont. until 10.12.54 .I. No. 1767.

(Transitional Powers) Ss. 2 (2), 4 (1) in pt., 4 (2), 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1945. rep. .L.R.

c. 13 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1945 . 38 proviso rep. in pt. (saving). Ss. 39-42 rep. (saving) ... 34, ss. 32 (5), 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. II. 34, ss. 32 (1) (5)

(6), 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. II. 34, s. 32 (4). 34, ss. 32 (5), 35

Ss. 43-5 saved . 46 (2) rep. (saving) ...

(7), sch. 3, Pt.

. 47 rep. in pt. (saving) 34, k 32 (1) (5),

35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. II.

. 50 (4) rep. (saving) ... 34, ss. 32 (5), 35

(7), sch. 3, Pt. II.

. 62 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

Sch. 6, paras. 4, 9 in pt.. 34, ss. 32 (5),

rep. 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. II.

v^»

lx

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 18 Statutory Orders (Special Sch. 2 rep. so far as relat- 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Procedure) Act, 1945. ing to the Local Government (Boundary Com- .L.R.

mission) Act, 1945.

c. 22 Dock Workers (Regula- Ss. 2 (8) in pt., 3, sch. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

tion of Employment) Act, 1946. para. 4, rep. .L.R.

c. 26 Emergency Laws (Tran- . 2 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

sitional Provisions) Act, .L.R.

1946. . 3 (1) cont. until .I. No. 1768.

10.12.54.

Ss. 3 (3), 4, 5 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 6 cont. until 10.12.54... .I. No. 1768.

. 9 rep 47, s. 14 (2), sch. 3

Ss. 10-13, 14 (1) in pt., 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

14 (2) rep. .L.R.

. 18 am. (powers ext. .I. No. 1768.

until 10.12.54). . 22 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

• Sch. 1, Pt. Ill, paras. 5, 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

6, 9 rep. .L.R.

Sch. 2 rep. so far as 37, s. 23 (2),

amending the Births and Deaths Registra- sch. 2.

tion Act, 1874.

c. 30 Trunk Roads Act, 1946 Sch. 4 rep. so far as 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

relating to s. 6 (3) of the Trunk Roads Act, .L.R.

1936.

c. 31 Ministers of the Crown Ss. 7 (1) in pt., 7 (2), rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Transfer of Functions) Act, 1946. SX.R.

c. 32 Agricultural Development Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Ploughing Up of Land) Act, 1946. .L.R.

c. 34 Furnished Houses (Rent Cont. as amd. until 31.3.55 9 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

Control) Act, 1946. (2), sch., Pt. H.

c. 36 Statutory Instruments Power to apply 30, s. 1 (2).

Act, 1946.

c. 42 Water (Scotland) Act, . 84 (definition of " elector *’) mod. 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

1946. (3), sch.

c. 45 United Nations Act, 1946 . 1 (2) am .I. No. 1199,

art. 13 (6).

c. 47 Army and Air Force . 3 rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Annual) Act, 1946. .L.R.

c. 49 Acquisition of Land Appl ■[ 18, s. 6 (3) (a). 46, s. 78 (4). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

(Authorisation Procedure) Act, 1946. Ss. 1 (1) in pt., 1 (6), 2, 7 (1) proviso, 7 (3) in pt., 10 (4), rep. Sen. 1, Pt. m, para. 12

49, s. 20.

am.

A.D. 1953 Effect of Legislation lxi

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 49—cont. ... Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Proce- Schs. 2, Pt. IV rep., 3 rep.. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

4 so far as amending the Electric Lighting Act, 1909, the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, .L.R.

dure) Act, 194

and sch. 4 of the Water (Scotland) Act, 1946, rep.

c. 50 Education Act, 1946 ... . 1 (1) (b) am 33, s. 3.

c. 53 Licensing Planning (Tem- Rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

porary Provisions) Act, 1946.

c. 55 Ministerial Salaries Act, . 1 (1) (6), (2) rep. ... .I. No. 1198.

1946.

c. 60 Superannuation Act, 1946 Ss. 7 (2), (3), sch. 2, paras. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

6-8 rep. .L.R.

c. 62 National Insurance Ext 43, s. 8, sch. 2,

(Industrial Injuries) Act, 1946. para. 3 (2).

. 2 (a). Power to mod. . 7 (1). Power to ext. . 11 (2). (4). Power to 43, s. 2(1). 43, s. 3 (2). 43, s. 3 (2).

mod.

Ss. 11 (4) am., 11 (4) proviso rep., 12 (1) subst., 12 (1A) added. 43, s. 3 (1).

. 16 subst 43, s. 3 (3).

. 19 (3) (6) am. . 32 (1) rep. in pt. 43, s. 3 (4). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 36 (1) (a) (ivA) added 43, s. 8, sch. 2,

para. 1 (1).

. 36 (1) (c) (ii) rep. 43, s. 8, sch. 2,

(saving). . 37 (1) am para. 2 (5). 43, s. 8, sch. 2,

para. 1 (2).

. 37 (6) ext 43, s. 4 (1).

. 37 (6) proviso am. ... 43, s. 8, sch. 2,

para. 1 (2).

. 40 (2) subst 43, s. 4 (2), sch. 1.

ext 43, s. 4 (3) (a).

. 40 (3) subst . 41 am. 43, 4 (2), sch. 1. 43, s. 4 (6).

. 47 restr 43, s. 4 (5).

. 47 (1) proviso, (3)-(5) 43, s. 8, sch. 2,

rep. para. 6.

. 50 (1) (a) am. 43, s. 4 (4).

. 56 (2) ext 43, s. 8, sch. 2,

para. 7 (2).

. 59 (1) (b)rep. in pt.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 60 ext. 43, s. 7.

. 77 (1) (a)am. 43, s. 1 (4).

. 82 ext 43, s. 6 (1).

. 82 (1) (3) am. 43, s. 6 (3).

. 84 (4) ext 43, s. 9 (3).

. 87 (3) (4) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 88 (1) ext 43, ss. 4 (7), 8.

sch. 2, para. 3 (2).

lxii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6: National Insurance

c. 62—con/. ... (Industrial Iinjuries) . 89 (1) rep. so far as 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1946— con extending to N.I. Sch. 1, Pt. I: .L.R.

para. 2. Power to ext. 43, s. 1 (1).

para. 2 (1) expld. 43, s. 1 (3).

para. 2A added 43, s. 1 (4).

para. 5. Power to ext. 43, s. 1 (2).

para. (1) expld. 43, s. 1 (3).

Sch. 1, Pt. II, paras. 2, 3, 43, s. 1 (3).

expld. Sch. 9 rep. so far as 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

extending to N.I. .L.R.

c. 64 Finance Act, 1946 . 9 (4) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 12 rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

Ss. 30-31 appl. (mod.)... . 67 (4) rep 34, s.3012). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

Sch. 1 rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

c. 67 National Insurance Act, . 10 (1) (c) rep. in pt.... 29, ss. 2,3, sch. 1,

1946. Pt. I.

am 29. ss. 4 (1), 5,

sch. 1, Pt. 11.

. 10 (2) (a) am. 29, ss. 4 (1), 5,

sch. 1, Pt. II.

. 14 subst 29, ss. 1,3, sch. 1,

Pt. I.

. 14A added 29, s. 4.

. 13 subst 29, ss. 6,9, sch. 1,

Pt. m.

. 16 (1) (a), (6) appl. ... . 16 (1) (c) rep. 29, s. 14 (3). 29, s. 9, sch. 1,

pt. in.

29,s.8 (5). 29, ss. 7,9, sch. 1,

Pt. III.

. 29 (1) (b )rep. in pt 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 30 saved 29, s. 11, sch. 2,

Pt. n, para. 9 (4).

. 39 (1) (6) rep. in pt.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 42 (1) ext . 59 (2) (b)rep. 43, s. 5 (3). 29, s. 9, sch. 1,

Pt. m.

Ss. 68 (5), 69 (1) (a), (b). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(), (2), (3), (6), 70 (2), (3), 73 (1) in pt., 73 .L.R.

(2M5), rep. . 75 appl . 76 (4), (5) rep. 29, s. 13 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

. 77 appl. (saving) 29, s. 13 (2), (4).

excl. 29, s. 11, sch. 2,

Pt. Ill, para. 15.

. 79 para. (1) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxiii

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

9 & 10 Geo. 6:

c. 67—cont.... National Insurance Act, Sch. 2, Pt. I:

1946—cont. am para. 3 rep para. 4 am 29, s. 9, sch. 1, Pt. IH. 29, ss. 2,3, sch. 1, Pt. I. 29, ss. 6 (2), 9,

sch. 1, Pt. m.

Sch. 2, Pt. II:

para. 1 am 29, ss. 1 (2), 3,

sch. 1, Pt. I.

para. 1A added 29, ss. 4 (2), 5, sch. 1, Pt. II.

Sch. 3:

para. 2 (1) rep. in pt. 29, ss. 2,3, sch. 1,

Pt. 1.

para. 2 (1) ( ) am., 2 29, ss. 1 (4), 3,

(2) (c) added. sch. l,Pt.I.

para. 3 subst. 29, ss. 6 (5H7), 9,sch.l,Pt.m.

Sch. 11 rep. so far as 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

amending the National Service (Armed Forces) Act. 1939. Ss. 2 (2), 5, restr. (E.) ... .L.R.

c. 68 New Towns Act, 1946 ... 46, s. 78 (5).

. 12 (1) proviso am. ... 38, s. I.

c. 72 Education (Scotland) Act, . 51 (4H7) am. 33, s. 5 (2)

1946. . 116 (5) appl 40, s. 12 (2).

. 143 (1) rep. in pt. ... 33, s. 5 (3).

c. 73 Hill Fanning Act, 1946 . 37(1) in pt., 37 (2) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 75 Public Works Loans (No. . 2 appl. and am. 6 (2 Eliz. 2),

2) Act, 1946. s.2.

c. 76 Unemployment Insurance (jEire Volunteers) Act, Ss. 5 (1) in pt., 5 (2) (3) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 80 Atomic Energy Act, 1946 Functions trans. to Lord .I. No. 1673.

Pres, of the Council.

c. 81 National Health Service . 23 (2) expld . 67 (1) (b) rep. (prosp.) 47, s. 6 (4). 25, s. 4 (1) (c).

Act, 1946.

. 79 (1) rep. in pt. 19, s. 9, sch. 2,

Pt. II.

CA.M. No. 3 Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure, Rep C.A.M. No. 5, s. 8.

1946.

10 A 11 Geo. 6:

c. 5 Greenwich Hospital Act, . 1 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1947. .L.R.

c. 8 Road Traffic (Driving . 1 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Licences) Act, 1947. .L.R.

c. 12 Births and Deaths Regis- Rep 20, s. 43 (2),

tration Act, 1947. sch. 2.

c. 14 Exchange Control Act, Sch. 5, Pt. Ill, para. 1 (2) 36, s. 16 (4).

1947. am.

c. 16 Summer Time Act, 1947 . 1 (1) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 19 Polish Resettlement Act, Ss. 2 (1) (3) (4) (all residue), 4 (1) m Pt., 5, 6 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1947. .L.R.

(1) in pt.. 8.9, 10(1) in pt., 12 (2), sch. Pt. I

(residue), rep.

lxiv

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure 1 Short title or Subject i ! How affected 1 l 1 . _ _ Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

10 A 11 Geo. 6: c. 27 National Health Service . 8 appl. (mod.) . 8 (2) am. 41, s. 2 (1).

(Scotland) Act, 1947. 41, s. 2 13).

c. 29 1 Penicillin Act, 1947 ... . 66 (1) (ft) rep. (prosp.) . 80 (definition of "elector") mod. . 80 (1) rep. in pt. Ext 25, s. 4 (2) (c) 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch. 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. II. .I.No. 1173.

c. 35 Finance Act, 1947 . 1 (1). Power to excl.... . 1 (1) excl . 2 subst . 5 rep. in pt Ss. 3 (6), 4 (4) in pt., 4 (5), 32, s. 2 (1). .I.No. 1174. 32, s. 1 (1). 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. n. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

5(1) (8), 13, 33 (5) rep. . 52 excl . 56 (1) rep. in pt. . 65 rep. . 73 rep Sch. 8, Pt. I, para. 1 (4), .L.R. 34, s. 31 12). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 34, s. 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. n. 46, s. 168, sch. 10. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 36 Education (Exemptions) sch. 11, Pt. I, rep. Corn, until 31.12.54 .L.R. 9 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 37 (Scotland) Act, 1947. i I Northern Ireland Act, . 8 (1) (a) rep s. 1 (1), sch., Pt. I. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 38 1947. Probation Officers (Super- Rep. (prosp.) .L.R. 25, s. 23 (3),

c. 39 1 annuation) Act, 1947. Statistics of Trade Act, 1 . 14 (4) rep sch. 4, para. 3(a). xliii, s. 39.

c. 42 1947. Acquisition of Land (Authorisation Pro- Ss. 1 (1) in pt., 2, 6 (1) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

proviso, 6 (3) in pt., 8 (3), rep. Sch. 1, Pt. m, para. 12 am. Schs. 2, Pt. in, 3, rep.... . 73 (2A) am .L.R

c. 43 cedure) (Scotland) Act, 1947. Local Government 49, s. 20. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 26, s. 15 (c).

(Scotland) Act, 1947. Pts. IX and X, and Pt. XII .I. Nos. 314,

c. 44 Crown Proceedings Act, in pt., appl. (mod.) . 355 (2M9) appl. ... . 379 (1) (definition of " local government elector " or " elector *) rood. . 9 (2) saved 319, 320. 49, s. 11, sch., para. 4 (2). 8 (2 Eliz. 2). s. 1 (3), sch. 36, s. 8 (2).

1947. Ss. 34 (5) and 53 (7) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

in pt. .L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxv

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 A 11 Geo. 6:

c. 48 Agriculture Act, 1947 ... . 4 (2). Period ext. .I. No. 1147.

(5.8.54). . 7 (3) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2)

.L.R.

. 11 mod 18, s. 15.

Ss. 92 (1) proviso, 93 (1) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(b) in pt., 108 (1) in pt.. Mm .L.R.

c. 43 rep. Sch. 2, paras. 1,4 appL... 18, s. 16.

Local Government (Scot- . 379 (1) definition of 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

land Act), 1947. " local government elector " or "elector" mod. . (3), sch.

c. 49 Transport Act, 1947 ... . 1 (2) am 13, s. 25 (2) (a)

(b).

• . 2 saved 13, s. 1 (4).

. 2 (2) restr 13, s. 18 (5).

. 2 (2) proviso, (3) pro- 13, s. 26 (2).

viso, (4) excl.

. 3 (1) subst. (for s. 3 (1M3)). 13, s. 25 (1).

. 3 (1) (c), as subst., excl. 13, s. 25(4).

. 5 (3) am 13, s. 25 (3).

. 6 (3) proviso (6) am. 13, s. 29 (1).

. 6 (7) ext . 7 rep 13, s. 18 (8). 13, ss. 33, 36,

sch. 5.

. 8 rep. in pt Ss. 39-51 rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 13, ss. 1 (3), 36,

sch. 5.

. 52 excl 13, ss. 3 (4), 7 (4),

s. 8 (3), sch. 1, pt. I.

rep. (1.1.55) 13, ss. 8 (1), 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 8 (1), 36,

. 53 rep. (1.1.55)

sch. 5.

. 53 (3) (4) saved, s. 53 13, s. 8 (2).

(5) (6) excl.

Ss. 54, 55 rep 13, ss. 1 (3), 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 8 (1), 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 7, 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 8 (1), 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 1 (3), 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 8 (1), 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 18 (1), 36, sch. 5. 13, ss. 18 (2), 36,

Ss. 56, 57 (2), 58 iep. (1.1.55). . 59 rep. (saving) . 60 (1) rep. (1.1.55) ... . 60 (2) rep

Ss. 60 (3M6), 61, 62 iep. (1.1.55). Ss. 63-64 rep

. 65 (1) rep

j sch. 5.

! . 65 (2) rep . 65 (3) (4) rep. 36,s.91 (1), sch. 3. 13, ss 18 (2), 36,

1 sch. 5.

lxvi

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 A 11 Geo. 6:

c. 49—cont. ... Transport Act, 1947— Ss. 66-68 rep 13, ss. 19 (1), 36,

cont. sch. 5.

. 71 (1) (2) am. 13, s. 30.

. 74 excl 13, s. 21 (1) (a).

. 74 (1) am 13, s. 36, sch. 5.

. 76 (a) restr. 13, s. 20 (1).

. 77 restr 13, s. 20 (2).

. 78 (4) expld 13, s. 20 (4).

. 79 expld 13, s. 20 (4).

appl 13, s. 23 (5).

. 80 expld 13, s. 20 (4).

. 81 am. 13, s. 20 (5).

. 88 excl. 13, s. 26 (1) (</).

Ss. 88 (1) proviso, (2) 13, ss. 26 (1) (fl).

proviso, rep 36, sch. 5.

. 89 (1) proviso rep. ... 13, s. 36, sch. 5.

. 90 (1) excl 13, s. 26 (1) id).

. 94 ext . 95 appl 13, s. 4 (2). 13. ss. 4 (3), 5

(12).

. 105 (4) am 13, s. 32 (1).

. 105 (5) expld. 13, s. 32 (2).

. 108 (1) proviso am.... . 114-rep 13, s. 32 (3). 13, ss. 33, 36,

sch. 5.

. 125 (1) am. (style of .I. No. 1204,

" Minister " changed). art. 3 (1).

. 125 (1) (definitions of " meat,*’ " operating 13, s. 36, sch. 5.

centre," and " ordinary

furniture removal ") rep. (1.1.55).

. 125 (1) (definition of

* superimposed trailer") rep. . 126(9)(10),sch. 8, Pt. I paras. 1 (1) in pt., 3 (2) in pt., Pt. II, sch. 9, rep. 13, s. 36, sch. 5.

Sch. 10 am Sch. 10, paras. 5,6 am.... 13, s. 31 (4). 13, s. 31 (2) (a)

(b).

Sch. 10, para. 7 (2) excl. 13, s. 31 (1) (6).

in pt.

c. 50 Isle of Man (Customs) . 4 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 14, s. 3.

Act, 1947.

c. 51 Town and Country Plan- Appl. in pt 18, s. 5, sch..

ning Act, 1947. Pt.ni(ss. 12-36) excl.... para. 5. 18, s. 4 (5).

. 22 (1) proviso mod.... 16, s. 3 (1).

. 37 (2) saved in pt. ... 36, s. 47 (5).

. 43 (1) (2) susp. 16, s. 3 (4).

. 44 (3) rep 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

.49(2M5),(9)ext. ... 18, s. 5, sch..

para. 2.

. 51 (4) mod 16, s. 3 (1).

. 58 rep. 16, s. 2 (1).

Ss. 60-63 mod 16, s. 2 (1), pro-

viso (b).

. 64 mod 16, s. 2 (1), pro-

viso (b).

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxvii

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

10 A 11 Geo. 6:

c. 51— ... Town and Country Plan- . 64 (2) proviso excl. 16, s. 2 (2).

ning Act, 1947—cont. (retrosp.). Ss. 65, 66, 68 rep. as to

16, s. 2 (1).

payments under s. 58.

Pt. VII (ss. 69-74) excl. 16, s. 1.

. 79 appl. (mod.) .I. No. 820.

Sch. 6 appl. and ext. ... 18, s. 5, sch..

paras. 1, 4.

* Schs. 8 and 11 rep. in pt. . 20 (1) proviso mod. . 34 (2) saved in pt. ... 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

c. 53 Town and Country Plan- 16, s. 3 (1).

ning (Scotland) Act, 36, s. 47 (5).

1947. . 40 (1) (2) susp. 16, s. 3 (4).

. 48 (4) mod 16, s. 3 (1).

. 55 rep. 16, s. 2 (1).

Ss. 57-61 mod 16, s. 2 (1),

proviso (6).

. 61 (2) proviso excl. 16, s. 2 (2).

(retrosp.). Ss. 62, 63, 65 rep. as to

16,s.2(l).

payments under s. 55.

Pt. VI (ss. 66-71) excl.... . 76 appl. (mod.) 16, s. 1. .I. No. 827.

. 113 (definition of 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

" local government elector" or "elector") mod. (3), sch.

C.A.M. No. 1 Incumbents (Discipline) Measure, 1947. . 2 am C.A.M. No. 3, s. 1.

11 A 12 Geo. 6.:

c. 1 Expiring Laws Continu- Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

ance Act, 1947. .L.R.

c. 3 Burma Independence Act, Ss. 3 (4) (5), 4 (1). 4 (2) 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1947. in pt., rep. .L.R.

c. 7 Ceylon Independence Act, 1947. . 4 (4) in pt., 4 (5), rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 8 Mandated and Trust . 1 (6) in pt., 1 (7), rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Territories Act, 1947. .L.R.

c. 9 Finance (No. 2) Act, 1947 .9(2)(aMc)rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 10 Emergency Laws (Miscel- Ss. 1(1) (o), 1(2), proviso, 3(1), 4 (4), rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

laneous Provisions) Act, .L.R.

1947. . 5 (2) (c) rep 47, s. 14 (2),

sch. 3.

. 5 (residue) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

Ss. 6, 11 (1) in pt., sch. 1, 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Pts. I, II in pt., m in .L.R.

pt., IV, rep. Sch. 2, para. 1 am. .I. No. 1673.

(atomic energy and radioactive substances).

c. 11 Medical Practitioners and . 11 (1) rep. in pt. 19, s. 9, sch. 2,

Pharmacists Act, 1947. Pt. II. 19, s. 9, sch. 2, Pt. I. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

. 11 (1) (a)am.

. 11 (3) rep

.L.R.

lxviii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 15 Overseas Resources Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.)... .I. No. 1199,

Development Act, art. 13 (3).

1948. Ss. 5 (2M5), 11 (3) (a) in 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

pt., 11 (3) ( in pt., 12 (1) in pt., rep. .L.R.

c. 26 Local Government Act, Ss. 74-82 rep 42, s. 1.

1948.

. 112(1) am . 112 proviso rep. (prosp.). . 117 (2) mod 26, s. 16 (1). 26, s. 16 (3). 26, s. 16 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 28 Army and Air Force Preamble and s. 2 rep....

c. 29 (Annual) Act, 1948. National Assistance Act, Ss. 10 (5) (7), 30 (3), 50 .L.R. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1948. (7), 58 (3) (4) in pt., sch. 4, paras. 1 (4), 2 .L.R.

(2), 4, 6, 7, sch. 6,

paras. 1,2 (3) (b), (3) (i), 3 (1), (3), 5 (1), 18,

rep.

c. 32 River Boards Act, 1948 Saved 18, s. 12.

. 13 expld. and ext. ... 18, s. 6.

c. 33 Superannuation (Miscel- . 19 (3) (4) (6) appl. ... . 13 (1) rep. (prosp.) ... 18, s. 3 (3) (b). 25, s. 23 (3), sch.

laneous Provisions) Act, 1948. 4, para. 5 (a).

c. 34 Motor Spirit (Regulation) Rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2)

Act, 1948. .L.R.

c. 37 Radioactive Substances Functions trans. to Lord .I. No. 1673.

* Act, 1948. Pres, of the Council. . 12 rep. in pt 19, s. 9, sch. 2,

pt.n.

c. 38 Companies Act, 1948 ... . 459 (1) rep. in pt.. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

459 (2)-(17) rep. (N.I.), sch. 17, Pt. I, rep. .L.R.

c. 40 Education (Miscellaneous . 5 (1) am 33, s. 17, sch. 1.

Provisions) Act, 1948. . 6 (2) (3) oxcl. 33, s. 7 (4).

. 6 (5) superseded as to 33, s. 7 (7).

further education. Sch. 1, Pt. I, so far as 33, s. 17, sch. 2.

relating to s. 33 of the Education Act, 1944,

rep.

c. 41 Law Reform (Personal . 2 (5A) added 7, s. 1.

Ipjuries) Act, 1948.

c. 43 Children Act, 1948 ... Ss. 29 (3) in pt., 55 (2), 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

sch. 2, paras. 8 (2), 9, 11 rep. .L.R.

c. 44 Merchant Shipping Act, Apptd. day for certain .I. No. 1035.

c. 45 1948. Agriculture (Scotland) purposes (1.1.54). . 63 (1), proviso, rep.... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1948. .L.R.

c. 49 Finance Act, 1948 Ss. 1 (3M6), 13, 17 (4), rep. . 20 (2) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 34, s. 35 (7) sch.

3, Pt. I.

. 21 ext . 21 (1) (a)ext. . 82 (4) (10) rep. 34, s. 11 (2). 34, s. 11 (4). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

! .L.R.

A.E). 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

11 & 12 Geo. 6: c. 49—cont....

c. 51 ...

c. 58

c. 61

Short title or Subject

Finance Act, 1948—

White Fish and Herring Industries Act, 1948.

Criminal Justice Act, 1948.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1948.

Sch. 8, Pt. I

expld.

am

groups 1-5 am.

group 6 am

group 6(c) am. groups 7-17 am. group 18 am. group 18 (b)am.

group 19 am. group 19 (a) (ii) rep., (iv) am., (b) rep. in pt.

group 20 am. group 21 am. group 21 (a) am.

groups 22-23 am. ...

group 24 am.

groups 25-28 am. group 29 subst. and am.

group 30 am. group 31 am. group 31 (b) am. group 32 am.

group 33 am.

group 34 am. group 35 am. group 35 (b) (i), (c) am.

Sch. 11 rep.

. 5 (1) am.

. 5 (3) rep. in p . 5 (4) rep.

. 6 rep. ...

. 7 (9) rep.

. 10 am.

Ss. 82 in pt., 83 (3) rep. (N.I.).

Sch. 5, para. 5 (3) am.

(prosp?).

Sch. 10 Pt. HI rep. (N.I.)

Ss. 1, 2, 5 (2) cont. until 1.8.54.

. 7 rep

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

34, s. 11 (3).

5.1. No. 1706. 34,s. 11 (3). 34, s. 11 (3).

5.1. No. 1356.

34, s. 11 (3). 34, s. 11 (3). 34, s. 10

sch. 2.

34, s. 11 (3). 34, s. 10

sch. 2.

(1),

(1),

34, s. 11(3).

34, s. 11 (3).

34, s. 10 (1), sch. 2.

34, s. 11 (3). f34, s. 11 (3). \.I. No. 1485. 34, s. 11 (3).

34, ss. 10 (1), 11 (3), sch. 2.

34, s. 11 (3).

34,s. 11 (3).

.I. No. 1485.

34, s. 11 (3). f 34, s. 11 (3). \.I. No. 479. Hs. 11 (3).

34, s. 11 (3).

34, s. 10 (1), sch. 2.

5 (2 Eliz. 2),

17?i'R8. 14 (1), sch., Pt. I.

5 (2 Eliz. 2),

SLR.

17, s. *14 (2), sch.

Pt. II.

17, s. 14 (2), sch.

Pt.II.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

17, *s. ‘l4 (1), sch.

Pt. I.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

25, s. 23 (3), sch. 4, para. 5

5 (a Eliz.

.L.R.

44, s. 3 (1).

2),

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

lxx

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

1 Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

11 & 12 Geo. 6:

c. 64 National Service Act, 1948. . 5 (4) saved . 26 (1) ext . 26 (5) rep . 31 (3) saved . 32(1) ext . 60 (1), sch. 6 rep. ... 50, s. 28, proviso. 50, s. 46 (4). 50, s. 44 (1), sch. 5. 50, s. 31 (6), proviso. 50, s. 46 (4). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 65 Representation of the People Act, 1948. . 72 (3) am .(prosp.) ... Ss. 74 (5), 80 (7) in pt, rep. Sch. 1 am. Sch. 10, Pt. I, para. 8 (residue), Pt. II, para. 3, schs. 11, 13, rep. 25, s. 4 (1) 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. .I. Nos. 386-390, 741-746. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 66 Monopolies and Restrictive Practices (Inquiry and Control) Act, 1948. Appl . 1 (2) am . 1 (3) restr., 1 (4) rep. . 3 (3) appl . 7 appl. . 8 appl. (mod.) . 17 appl. . 20 (3) appl 51, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 1. 51, s. 2 (1). 51, s. 1 (6). 51, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 3. 51, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 5. 51, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 6. 51, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 7. 51, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 8.

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6:

c. 3 Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1948. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 5 Civil Defence Act, 1948 Minister of Fuel and Power as designated Minister under ss. 1 and 6 for certain matters. .I. No. 1196.

c. 11 Railway and Canal Commission (Abolition) Act, 1949. Ss. 2 (2), 3 (1) in pt., 5, 8 (2), sch., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 14 Export Guarantees Act, 1949. . 6. Functions of Secretary for Overseas Trade trans. to President of Board of Trade. .I. No. 1452.

c. 25 Tenancy of Shops (Scotland) Act, 1949. Cont. until 31.12.54 ... 9 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (1), sch., Pt.I.

c. 27 Juries Act, 1949 Ss. 21, 35 (3) in pt., schs. 2, 3, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 28 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1949. Preamble, ss. 2,3 (2) rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 29 Consular Conventions Act, 1949. Ss. 1, 2, 4 appl. (France) .I. No. 1455.

c. 38 Agricultural Marketing Act, 1949. Ss. 13, 14, 20 (2) in pt., sch., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 39 Commonwealth Telegraphs Act, 1949. Sch. 1, Pt. I, para. 12 (1) subst. .I. No. 1079.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxxi

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12, 13 & 14

Geo. 6: c. 42

c. 43 ...

c. 44 ...

c. 47 ...

c. S3 ... c. 58 ...

Lands Tribunal Act, 1949

Merchant Shipping (Safety Convention) Act, 1949.

Superannuation Act, 1949

Finance Act, 1949

Coal Industry Act, 1949

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1949.

Sch. 2 rep. except so far as relating to the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908.

Ext. in pt. (rood.) (Hong Kong).

Appl. in pt. (mod.) (Singapore).

Ss. 3,12, appl

. 13 (1) rep

Ss. 19, 22 appl

Ss. 35 (3), 37 (5), sch. 3 rep.

. 32 mod. (transfers from universities).

Ss. 39 (6), 64 (2), sch. 3 rep.

. 3 rep

. 8 (1) rep., 8 (3) rep. in Pt.

. 9 (residue) rep.

. 10 (2) am

. 10 (3) rep

Ss. 11 (2), 52 (3) (7) (a) rep., sch. 11, Pts. I-Vn rep. except in each Part the saving.

Ss. 3, 6 rep

Ss. 1-3 cont. until 1.8.54

. 5 cont. until 1.8.54 ...

. 5 am

. 5 (1) rep. in pt.

Ss. 6,7 (3), sch. 3, rep....

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5.1. Nos. 592, 593.

5.1. No. 1218.

5.1. No. 1219.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

SJ. No. 1219.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5.1. No. 337.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

34, s. 35 (7), sch.

3, Pt. I.

34, s. 35 (7), sch.

3, Pt. I.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

34, s. 7 (2).

5 2)’

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

5 (2 Eliz.

.L.R.

44, s. 3 (1). 44, s. 1 (3). 44, s. 1 (1). 44, s. 4 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. .L.R.

2),

2).

c. 59 ...

c. 60 ... c. 66 ...

c. 67 ...

Licensing Act, 1949 ...

Housing Act, 1949 House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act, 1949.

Civil Aviation Act, 1949

Rep. (E.), except ss. 4 (1), 26, 27,42 (in pt.), 43. . 2 (a) am. (iretrosp.) ... . 8 (1), sch. 3, rep.

46, s. 168, sch.

10.

26,s. 11 (1).

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

Ext. (mod.) (Channel Islands).

My./Civil Aviation dissolved and functions trans. to My./Transport and Civil Aviation.

Ss. 1 in pt., 2-4, 5 (saving), 52 in pt., rep.

. 66 (1) ext. (R. and N. Fedn.).

. 66 (2) am

. 70 (1), sch. 12, rep. ...

.I. No. 393.

, .I. No. 1204, art. 5, sch.

5.1. No. 1199, art. 13 (2).

5.1. No. 1199, art. 13 (7).

5 (2 Eliz. 2), SX.R.

lxxii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

Short title or Subject

How affected

12, 13 & 14

Geo. 6:

c. 68

Representation of the Ss. 46 (4) proviso am., 64 People Act, 1949. (2) (3), 88 (6) mod.

. 171 (1) (definition of " elector") mod.

. 175(1), rep

Sch. 2, Appendix, and sch. 3, Appendix, am. Sch. 9 rep.

c. 71 c. 72 c. 74 c. 76

... Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1949.

... Iron and Steel Act, 1949

... Coast Protection Act, 1949.

... Marriage Act, 1949

Rep

Rep. (with saving for transitional provisions). Ss. 18 (9), 34 (5), 39 (1), 48, sch. 3, rep.

. 27 (6) am

. 29 (1) am. . 31 (6) am.

. 32 (5) am.

. 41 (6) am. . 42 (4) am.

. 51 am.

c. 77 c. 78

Armed Forces (Housing Loans) Act, 1949. Married Women (Restraint upon Anticipation) Act, 1949.

. 57 (4) am

. 57 (6) rep

. 58 (2) rep. in pt.

. 59 rep. in pt.

. 63 (1) am

. 64 (2) am

. 65 (2) am

Ss. 65 (4) rep., 74 (a) rep. in pt.

Sch. 5 rep. except so far as relating to the Marriages Validity Act, 1899, the Naval Marriages Act, 1908, and s. 1 of the Marriage Act, 1939.

. 1 (1) am

. 1 (4), sch. 2, rep. ...

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch.

8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR.

8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (3), sch.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

15, s. 1 (l)(fl).

5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR 37, s. 23(1), sch.

1, para. 4.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 5.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 6.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 7.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 8.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 9.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 10.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 11.

37, s. 23 (2), sch.

2.

37, s. 23, schs.

1,2.

37, s. 23 (2), sch.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 13.

37, s. 23 (1), sch.

1, para. 14.

37, s. 23 (1) sch.

1, para. 15.

37, s. 23 (2), sch.

2.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

3 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1.

5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

A..D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxxiii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

12, 13 & 14 Geo. 6: c. 80 Telegraph Act, 1949 ... Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2).

c. 84 War Damaged Sites Act, . 14 rep. .L.R. 46, s. 168, sch.

c. 86 1949. Electoral Registers Act, . 1 (2)-(4) subst. 10. 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

c. 87 1949. Patents Act, 1949 . 2 (1) (2) am . 3 (2) rep . 4 rep. and superseded . 5 (3) rep Sch. 1, paras. 3,4 am. ... Sch. 3 rep. Appl. (mod.) (so far as (0. 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), 8 (2 Efiz. 2), s. 1 (3). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 52, s. 8.

c. 88 Registered Designs Act, affecting s. 46 (3)). Ss. 40, 43 appl . 46 (3) appl. (mod.) ... . 49(2). Period of emergency ext. to 10.12.54. . 68 (2) ext. (R. and N. Fedn.). Sch. 2 rep. except so far as relating to the Patents and Designs Act, 1907. Appl. (mod.) (so far as 51, s. 2, sch. 2, para. 1. 52, s. 8. .f. No. 1775. .I. No. 1199, art. 13 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 52, s. 8.

c. 89 1949. Vehicles (Excise) Act, affecting sch. 1, para. 1 (3)). . 13 (2) ext. (R. and N. Fedn.). Sch. 1, para. 1 (3) appl. (mod.). Sch. 1, para. 4 (2). Period of emergency ext. to 10.12.54. Sch. 2 rep. except so far as relating to the Patents and Designs Act, 1907. . 5 excl. 5.1. No. 1199, art. 13 (2). 52, s. 8. 5.1. No. 1774. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 34, s. 6.

1949. . 5 (4) (5) appl. 13, s. 12 (7).

c. 90 ... Election Commissioners . 7 ext . 8 appl. (mod.) Ss. 9, 11-15, 21-25 appl. . 26 appl . 30 (1) rep Sch. 1, Pt. I am. Sch. 6, paras. 3, 4 rep., sch. 7 rep. . 19 (1) (definition of .I. No. 269. 12, s. 12 (5). 13, s. 12(5). 13, s. 12 (7). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 34, s. 5(1). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), SLR 8 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1

Act, 1949. " elector ") mod. (3), sch.

, . 21 (1), sch., rep. i 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

lxxiv

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

12, 13 St 14

Geo. 6: c. 91 Air Corporations Act, Ext. (mod.) (Channel .I. No. 398.

1949. Islands). . 12 (1) (2) am. 7 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 1.

. 21 ext 7 (2 Eliz. 2), s. 2

. 41 (1), sch. 3 rep. ... 0). 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c.96 Auxiliary and Reserve Ss. 1-6 rep 50, s. 44 (1), sch.

Forces Act, 1949. 5.

. 7 saved 50, s. 45 (3).

. 16 (1) saved in pt. ... 50, s. 45 (3).

. 16 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

Ss. 17 in pt., 18 (2), sch. 1 rep. in pt. Sch. 2 rep 50, s. 44 (1), sch. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 101 Justices of the Peace Act, . 12 rep. 46, s. 168, sch.

1949. 10.

. 15 (7) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2). .L.R. 46, s. 168, sch.

. 19 (13) rep

10. 25, s. 23 (1), sch.

Ss. 22, 23 (8M10), 23 (11) in pt., rep. (saving) (prosp.).

3, Pt. I, para. 8.

. 27 saved 36, s. 74 (2).

ext. . 27 (2)Pam. (prosp.) 46, s. 160 (6). 50, s. 31 (5) (a). 25, s. 23 (1), sch. 3, Pt. I, para. 8. 20, ss. 38 (2), 43

. 27 (10) (a) ext.

(1), sch. 1, para. 4.

Sch. 5 rep. (prosp.) 25, s. 23 (1), sch.

3, Pt. I, para. 8.

C.A.M. No. 1 Church Dignitaries (Re- . 4 (1) am C.A.M. No. 3,

tirement) Measure, 1949. s. 2.

C.A.M. No. 3 Pastoral Reorganisation . 5 (7) expld C.A.M. No. 2,

Measure, 1949. s. 8 (2). C.A.M. No. 2,

. It (2) (3) rep.

s. 10. C.A.M. No. 2,

. 12 (4) expld

s. 8 (2). C.A.M. No. 2,

Sch. 2 rep

s. 10.

C.A.M. No. 4 Benefices (Suspension of Presentation) Measure. 1946, (Amendment) Rep C.A.M. No, 5, s. 8.

Measure, 1949.

14 Geo. 6:

c. 2 Post Office and Telegraph . 2 (1) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

(Money) Act, 1950. . 2 (3) ext .L.R. 4 (2 Eliz. 2),

s. 1 (6).

. 2 (6), sch., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2)

.L.R.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxxv

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

14 Geo. 6:

c. 3 Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1950. Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 10 in pt., 11, sch. 1, para. 1, sch. 2, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 5 Newfoundland (Consequential Provisions) Act, 1950. . 1 (2), sch., Pt. II, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 6 Statute Law Revision Act, 1950. . 1, schs. 1-3, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 9 Merchant Shipping Act, 1950. . 3 (8) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .I .R.

c. 14 International Organisations (Immunities and Privileges) Act, 1950. Finance Act, 1950 1 . 7 (1) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 15 Ss. 2 (1) (a) am., 3 virtually am. Ss. 13 (6), 14 (residue), 16 (3) rep., 38 (2) rep. (N.I.), 50 (3) (8) rep. Sch. 5 Pt. I, para. 2 (2)0) added. Sch. 8 rep .I. No. 1496. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R. 34, s. 10 (2). 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 19 Isle of Man (Customs) . 3 contd. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1950. Ss. 4, 7 (2), 8 (2), sch., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 21 Miscellaneous Financial Provisions Act, 1950. . 5 (2), sch., rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 24 Highways (Provision of Cattle-Grids) Act, 1950. . 8 (2), proviso, rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 26 Adoption Act, 1950 ... . 17 (5) rep . 46 (1), sch. 4, rep. ... 37, s. 23 (2), sch. 2. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 27 Arbitration Act, 1950 ... Excl 13, ss. 27 (4), 28(3).

c. 31 Allotments Act, 1950 ... . 6 am 47, s. 5 (3).

c. 32 Army Reserve Act, 1950 . 29 (2), sch. 3 except so far as relating to the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907, and the Auxiliary and Reserve Forces Act, 1949, 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 33 Air Force Reserve Act, 1950. rep* . 28 (2), sch. 3 Pt. II, rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 36 Diseases of Animals Act, 1950. . 84 (2) ext . 84 (3) (b)ext . 89 (1), sch. 5 rep. ... 5.1. No. 37. 5.1. No. 38 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 37 Maintenance Orders Act, 1950. . 30 rep. 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

c. 38 Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1950. . 6 am 47, s. 5 (5).

c. 39 Public Utilities Street Works Act, 1950. Ss. 21-23 excl 18, s. 2 (5).

14 A 15 Geo. 6:

c. 1 Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1950. Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2), .L.R.

lxxvi

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

14 & 15 Geo. 6:

c. 9 Restoration of Pre-War . 3 (4) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Trade Practices Act, 1950. .L.R.

c. 11 Administration of Justice Ss. 2-8 appl. (Monopolies 51, s. 3, sch. 1,

(Pensions) Act, 1950. Commn.). para. 2.

. 17 appl. (Monopolies 51, s. 1, sch. 1.

Commn.). Sch. 1 am. (Monopolies 51, s. 1, sch. 1,

Commn.). para. 2 (a).

c. 15 Local Government (Scot- . 4 cont. until 31.12.54 9 (2 Eliz. 2),

land) Act, 1951. s. 1 (1), sch. Pt.I.

c. 20 Overseas Resources Ext. (R. and N. Fedn.) ... .I. No. 1199,

Development Act, art. 13 (3).

1951. . 1 (4) rep. in pt. 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 23 Reserve and Auxiliary Saved 50, s. 46 (6).

Forces Act, 1951.

c. 28 Long Leases (Temporary Provisions) (Scotland) . 1 (1). Period ext. (11.11.54). 12, s. 2 (1).

Act, 1951. . 3 mod. 12, s. 2 (2).

c. 29 Reverend J. G. Mac- Rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

Manaway’s Indemnity Act, 1951. .L.R.

c. 30 Sea Fish Industry Act, . 15 (2) (b)am. 17, ss. 3 (1), 14

1951. (1), sch. Pt. I. 17, ss. 3 (2), (3)

. 17 (1) am

(a), 14(1), sch. Pt. I.

. 17 (1) expld . 17 (2) am 17, s. 3 (4). 17, ss. 3 (3) (ft).

14(1), sch.Pt.I.

. 17 (4) excl 17, s. 4 (2).

. 20 (1) ext 17, s. 15(1).

c. 31 National Health Service . 1 mod. .I. No. 285.

Act, 1951.

c. 34 National Insurance Act, Ss. 1 (2), 2 (1), 3 (1) (3), 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

1951. 4 (1), 5, 9 (1), rep. .L.R.

c. 38 Leasehold Property (Tem- . 1. Period ext. (24.12.54) 12, s. 1 (1) (a).

porary Provisions) Act, . 2 (1) (c) (iii) saved ... 12, s. 1 (4).

1951. . 2 (2). Period ext. 12, s. 1 (1) (fl).

(24.12.54). . 4 (5) am 12, s. 1 (1) (b).

. 5 (4) mod 12, s. 1 (2).

Ss. 5 (4) (b), 7 (1), 10 (1) 12, s. 1 (1) ( ).

am.

. 11 excl 12, s. 1 (3).

c. 40 New Streets Act, 1951 ... . 2 (2) mod 26, s. 9.

c. 43 Finance Act, 1951 . 31 excl 34, s. 28 (2).

. 44 (3) rep 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 48 Dangerous Drugs Act, Pt. Ill (ss. 8-12) ext. ... .I. No. 1453.

1951. appl. ... .I. No. 1680.

c. 51 Isle of Man (Customs) . 1 cont. until 1.8.54 ... 44, s. 3 (1).

Act, 1951. Ss. 1 (4), 2, 3 (5), rep. ... 5 (2 Eliz. 2),

.L.R.

c. 53 Midwives Act, 1951 . 34 (4) rep 47, s. 14 (2),

sch. 3.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxxvii

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure

14 & 15 Geo. 6: c. 60

c. 65 ...

C.A.M. No. 3 ...

15 & 16 Geo. 6 & 1 Eliz. 2: c. 10

Short title or Subject

How affected

Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

Mineral Workings Act, 1951.

Reserve and Auxiliary Forces (Protection of Civil Interests) Act,

. 6 mod.

. 15 rep.

. 30 susp.

Ext. in pt. (N.I.) . 62 rep. (prosp.)

... 16, s. 3 (5).

... 15, s. 36(2).

... 16, s. 3 (7).

... .I. No. 197.

... 25, s. 23 (1), sch.

3,Pt.l,para. 8.

1951.

Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measures, 1923 to 1929 (Amendment) Measure, 1951.

Saved

... C.A.M. No. 5, s. 4 (1).

Income Tax Act, 1952 ...

Ss. 62-64 ext

. 130 appl

. 132 expld

Ss. 145, 146 rep. and superseded.

. 155 (3) rep

. 157 saved

. 211 (2) (3) am.

. 212 (3) (b)am.

Ss. 214 (1), 215, 216 (1) (2) am.

. 217 am

. 218(1) (4) am.

. 220 (1) (a) am. ... Part X, chapter I (ss. 265-278) ext. (retrosp.).

. 265 (4) excl

. 265 (6) restr

. 265 (7) excl. in pt. ... . 268 (5) appl. in pt. ... . 271 (1) (e)ext.

. 271 (l)(g) added ...

. 271 (3) ext

. 277 (2) excl

. 279 (1) mod

. 279 (2) excl

. 279 (5), 1st para. excl. . 279 (5), proviso, restr.

(mod.).

. 306, proviso excl. in pt.

. 309 (1) excl

. 329 (1) ext

. 341 ext. (mod.)

. 341 mod

Pt. XIII (ss. 347-353) ext. . 348 (2) proviso (a) rep.

. 461 (2) (3) am.

. 471 ext. (mod.)

Sch. 14 para. 3 (2) mod. Sch. 17, Pt. II, para. 2 rep.

34, s. 15 (4).

34, s. 19 (4)

34, s. 24 (I).

34, ss. 19 (9), 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. III.

34, s. 35 (7), sch.

3, Pt. III.

34, ss. 12 (3), 14 (5).

34, s. 14 (1).

34, s. 14 (2).

34, s. 14 (3).

34, s. 14 (4).

34, s. 14 (3).

34, s. 12 (2).

34, s. 18 (3).

34, s. 16 (4)

34, s. 16 (4) (a). 34, s. 16 (1), (4). 34, s. 17 (3).

34, s. 17 (2).

34, s. 17 (1).

34, s. 17 (2).

34, s. 16 (4) (b). 34, s. 16 (2) (a). 34, s. 16 (4) (a). 34, s. 16 (1), (4). 34, s. 16 (5).

34, s. 16 (3).

34, s. 16 (4) (a). 34, s. 19 (4) (a). 34, s. 15 (1). (3). 34, s. 23 (6).

34, s. 25.

34, s. 35 (7), sch.

3, Pt. II.

.I. No. 1199, art. 13(8).

34, s. 22 (1).

34, s. 16 (2) ( ). 34, s. 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. II.

lxxviii

Effect of Legislation

2 Eliz. 2

Chapter of 1953

Session and Act or number

Chap, or No. Short title or Subject How affected of Measure or

of Measure Statutory Instrument

15 & 16 Geo. 6 &

1 Eliz. 2: c. 10 Income Tax Act, 1952— Sch. 20:

cont. para. 2 (3) excl. 34, s. 23 (1).

para. 2 (4) mod. 34, s. 23 (3).

para. 8 ext 34, s. 23 (5).

c. 18 Diplomatic Immunities . 1 (6) am .I. No. 1903.

(Commonwealth

Countries and Republic of Ireland) Act, 1952.

c. 33 Finance Act, 1952 . 1 (2) (3) rep. ... .... 5 (2 Eliz. 2), 34?sL 35 (7), sch.

. 10 (1) rep. in pt.

3, Pt. I.

. 45 (2) (3) appl. . 45 (5) (b) am. .I. No. 1346. 34, s. 27 (1) (a).

\ . 52. Power to excl. ... 34, s. 27 (2) (a)

(b).

. 52 (2). Power to excl. . 56 appl. (retrosp.) ... Sch. 9, para. 3 (1) (a) am. 34, s. 27 (2) (c). 34, s. 27 (3).

34, s. 16 (6).

Sch. 9, para. 10 excl. ... 34, s. 27 (1) (b).

c. 36 Post Office (Amendment) Rep 36, s. 91 (1),

Act, 1952. sch. 3.

c. 42 Heating Appliances (Fireguards) Act, 1952. Apptd. day (23.3.53) ... .I. No. 416.

c. 44 Customs and Excise Act, . 133 (8) proviso excl 34, s. 2 (1).

1952. i . 150(1) excl. (E.) ... . 150 (1) proviso (b) rep. 46, s. 164 (1). 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

(E.). . 150 (2) saved (E.) ... 46, s. 164 (2) (</).

I Ss. 151 (2) (a) and 152(2) 46,8.168, sch. 10.

rep. in pt. (E.). . 155 saved (E.) 46, s. 164 (2) (c). 34, ss. 3 (4),

. 221 (1) ( )(e) (/) (/)

rep. in pt. 35 (7), sch. 3, Pt. I.

. 222 appl . 307 (1) rep. in pt. (E.) 34, s. 3 (2) (3). 46, s. 168, sch. 10. .l. No. 449.

c. 45 Pensions (Increase) Act, Sch. 1 ext.

1952.

c. 48 Costs in Criminal Cases Ss. 8(1), 11 (1) appl. ... 46, s. 37 (3).

Act, 1952.

c. 55 Magistrates’ Courts Act, . 3 saved 46, s. 161.

. 98 appl 46, ss. 23 (13),

108, 148 (4).

. 104 mod 49, s. 15 (1).

excl. in pt. 47, s. 1, sch. 1,

para. 3.

. 114 saved 36, s. 74 (2).

. 114(1) (a)-(e) saved... . 118 (2) appl 46, s. 160 (5). 46, s. 38 (2).

c. 65 Licensed Premises in New Rep. (E.) 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

Towns Act, 1952.

c. 67 Visiting Forces Act, 1952 . 15 (3) ext. (R. and N. .I. No. 1199,

Fedn.). art. 13 (2).

1 & 2 Eliz. 2:

c. 2 Civil Contingencies Fund . 1 (1) cont. until 9 (2 Eliz. 2),

Act, 1952. 31.12.54. s. 1 (1), sch. Pt. I.

A.D. 1953

Effect of Legislation

lxxix

Session and Chap, or No. of Measure Short title or Subject How affected Chapter of 1953 Act or number of Measure or Statutory Instrument

1 & 2 Eliz. 2: c. 5 Expiring Laws Continu- Sch. Pt. II rep. so far as 46, s. 168, sch. 10.

c. 15 ! ance Act, 1952. Iron and Steel Act, 1953 relating to the Licensing Planning (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1945. Apptd. day for s. 1 (1) .I. No. 1019.

c. 19 Pharmacy Act, 1953 ... (13.7.53). Apptd. day fixed .I. No. 1678.

c. 20 Births and Deaths Regis- (31.12.53). . 43 (3) rep 37, s. 23 (2),

c. 29 tration Act, 1953. National Insurance Act, . 12. Apptd. day for all sch. 2. .I. No. 1141.

c. 34 1953. purposes (29.7.53).

Finance Act, 1953 .4(2). Power to revoke 44, s. 2 (2).

c. 40 University of St. Andrews or vary. Sch. 1. Power to amend, etc. Apptd. day for s. 1 44, s. 2 (2). .I. No. 1898.

c. 43 Act, 1953. National Insurance (In- (23.12.53) . Apptd. day for ss. 3, 4 (1.10.53) . Apptd. day (26.8.53) ... 5.1. No. 1451. 5.1. No. 1226.

c. 46 dustrial Iqjuries) Act, 1953. Licensing Act, 1953 Pt. II cont. until 31.3.55 9 (2 Eliz. 2),

c. 47 Emergency Laws (Mis- Sch. 1, para. 8 am. s. 1 (2), sch. Pt. II. .I. No. 1673.

cellaneous Provisions) Act, 1953. (atomic energy and radioactive substances).

2 G

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES OF 1953

N.B. The chapter references are to I & 2 Eliz. 2, except where otherwise

stated.

A

[Index removed.]

