1927

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

Passed in

The Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the

Reign of His Majesty

King George the Fifth

Being the Third Session of the Thirty-fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of

Great Britain and Northern Ireland

And the J10320

Church Assembly Measures

Which received the Royal Assent during 1927

with

Tables of the Titles

• The Effect of Legislation

and an Index

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited,

FOR WILLIAM RICHARD CODLING, Esq., C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E.,

THE KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addi esses:

Adastral House, Kingsway, London, W.C.2; 120, George Street, Edinburgh;

York Street, Manchester; 1, St. Andrew’s Crescent, Cardiff;

15, Donegall S jiiare West, Belfast;

or through any Bookseller.

Price 8s. 6 d. Net.

CONTENTS.

Table. Pa<za

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General

Acts passed during the Session ... c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Measures passed by

the National Assembly of the Church of

England which received the Royal Assent

during 1927 .i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

III. The Effect of Legislation ---- xi

IV. Index to Acts and Measures

lxxxi

TABXiE I

A

TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL

ACTS

passed in the Third Session of the Thirty-Fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland.

17 & 18 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1927.

17 GEORGE 5.

Royal Assent, 11th March, 1927.

1. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local

loans out of the Local Loans Fund; and for other

purposes relating to local loans. (Public Works Loans.)

Royal Assent, 29th March, 1927.

2. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund

to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day

of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, and one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight. (Consolidated

Fund (No. 1).)

3. An Act to make provision as to poor relief to dependants

of persons involved in a trade dispute in Scotland, to

enable relief to be given by way of loan, and to extend

further the duration of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions

(Scotland) Act, 1921, as amended by subsequent Acts.

(Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland).)

d

Table of the Statutes.

17 & 18 Geo. r».

Royal Assent, 12th Apkil, 1927.

4 . An Act to provide for the alteration of the Royal Style

and Titles and of the Style of Parliament and for purposes

incidental thereto. (Royal and Parliamentary Titles.)

5. An Act to amend the Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, 1875

to 1907. (Sale of Food and Drugs.)

6. An Act to authorise an increase of the number of Forestry

Commissioners; to empower the Commissioners to make

byelaws with respect to land vested in them or under

their management or control; and for purposes consequential upon the matters aforesaid. (Forestry.)

7. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline

and Regulation of the Army and Air Force. (Army and

Air Force (Annual).)

17 & 18 GEORGE 5.

Royal Assent, 29th June, 1927.

8. An Act to amend the Government of India Act with a view

to facilitating the provision of an Indian Navy, and

to make consequential amendments in the Naval Discipline

Act. (Government of India (Indian Navy).)

9 . An Act to consolidate with amendments the Pacific Cable

Acts, 1901 to 1924. (Pacific Cable.)

Royal Assent, 29th July, 1927.

10 . An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue

(including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend

the law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including

Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further

provision in coimection with finance. (Finance.)

11 . An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to

the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of

March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight, and

to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of

Parliament. (Appropriation.)

12 . An Act to render illegal certain agreements and transactions

affecting bidding at auctions. (Auctions (Bidding

Agreements).)

13 . An Act to amend the Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to

1925. (Diseases of Animals.)

14 . An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to the Relief

of the Poor in England and Wales. (Poor Law.)

A.D. 1927. Public General Acts. e

15. An Act to make such amendments of the Workmen’s

Compensation Act, 1925, as are necessary to give effect

to a certain resolution adopted by an Imperial Conference

held in London in the year nineteen hundred and twenty-

six. (Workmen’s Compensation (Transfer of Funds).)

16 . An Act to appoint additional commissioners for executing

the Acts granting a land tax and other rates and taxes.

(Land Tax Commissioners.)

17 . An Act to amend the Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915, and

to provide for the registration and inspection of maternity

homes, and for purposes connected therewith. (Midwives

and Maternity Homes (Scotland).)

18 . An Act to amend the enactments relating to the Naval

Reserve Forces. (Royal Naval Reserve.)

19 . An Act to provide for a right of appeal by members of police

forces who are dismissed or required to resign. (Police

(Ajypeals).)

20. An Act to amend the law with respect to customs in the

Isle of Man. (Isle of Alan (Customs).)

21. An Act to amend the law with respect to persons carrying

on business as Moneylenders. (Moneylenders.)

22. An Act to declare and amend the law relating to trade

disputes and trade unions, to regulate the position of civil

servants and persons employed by public authorities in

respect of membership of trade unions and similar

organisations, to extend section five of the Conspiracy,

and Protection of Property Act, 1875, and for other

purposes connected with the purposes aforesaid. (Trade

Disputes and Trade Unions.)

23. An Act to incorporate the Commissioners of Crown Lands;

to amend the law relating to the powers and duties

of the said Commissioners in respect of the possessions

and land revenues of the Crown under their management;

to provide for the transfer to the Gloucester Diocesan

Board of Finance of certain moneys held by the said

Commissioners for ecclesiastical purposes in that diocese;

and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

(Crown Lands.)

Royal Assent, 23rd November, 1927.

24 . An Act to amend section 84a of the Government of India

Act with respect to the time for the appointment' of a

Statutory Commission thereunder. (Government of India

(Statutory Commission).)

Table of the Statutes. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Royal Assent, 22nd December, 1927.

25. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to

the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of

March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight,

and to appropriate the further ‘Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament. {Appropriation (A T o. 2).)

26. An Act to amend the provisions of the Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act, 1926, with regard to the power of the

Secretary of State to refer a case, or any point arising

therein, to the High Court of Justiciary. (Criminal Appeal

(Scotland).)

27. An Act to amend the Protection of Animals Act, 1911.

(Protection of Animals (Amendment).)

28. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans

out of the Local Loans Fund. (Public Iff orbs Loans

(No. 2).)

29. An Act to restrict blind booking and advance booking of

cinematograph films, and to secure the renting and

exhibition of a certain proportion of British films, and for

purposes connected therewith. (Cinematograph Films.)

30. An Act to amend the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920

to 1926. (Unemployment Insurance.)

31. An Act to amend the law with respect to the effect of

surcharges by district auditors, appeals from decisions

of district auditors, and the recovery of sums certified

to be due by district auditors. (Audit (Local Authorities).)

32. An Act to amend the Destructive Insects and Pests Acts,

1877 and 1907. (Destructive Insects and Pests.)

33. An Act to amend certain enactments relating to mental

defectives. (Mental Deficiency.)

34. An Act to continue certain expiring laws. (Expiring Laws

Continuance.)

35. An Act to amend the law relating to the offices of Sheriff

Clerk, Procurator Fiscal, and Commissary Clerk in

Scotland, and to make further provision regarding Sheriff

Courts. (Sheriff Courts and Legal Officers (Scotland).)

36. An Act to provide for the payment of compensation for

improvements and goodwill to tenants of premises used

for business purposes, or the grant of a new lease in lieu

thereof; and to amend the law of landlord and tenant.

(Landlord and Tenant.)

A.D. 1927. Public General Act?. g

«J7. An Act to regulate further the lighting of vehicles. (Road

Transport Lighting.)

38. An Act to provide for the registration and inspection of

nursing homes, and for purposes connected therewith.

(Nursing Homes Registration.)

39. An Act to confirm and give effect to certain agreements

between representatives of Great Britain, the Irish Free

State and Northern Ireland as to the registration and

control of medical practitioners and dentists, and to

validate certain acts done by the Dental Board. (Medical

and Dentists Acts Amendment.)

40. An Act to make provision incidental to and consequential

on the dissolution of the legal union between the Church

of England and the Church of England in India. (Indian,

Church.)

41. An Act to amend the law relating to perpetuities and

accumulations, as respects certain benefit funds and

as respects trust funds for the reduction of the National

Debt. (Superannuation and other Trust Funds

(Validation).)

42. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute

Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be

in force or have become unnecessary. (Statute Law

Revision.)

43. An Act to enable the Colonial Probates Act, 1892, to be

applied to certain Protected States and Mandated

Territories. (Colonial Probates (Protected States and

Mandated Territories).)

1

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[17 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain

local loans out of the Local Loans Fund; and

for other purposes relating to local loans.

[11th March 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—■

1.—(1) There may be issued by the National Debt Grants for

Commissioners for the purpose of local loans by the public

Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not Wor s -

exceeding in the whole the sum of forty million pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a

period ending on the day on which a further Act granting

money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation and in accordance with the provisions of the National r>o & 51

Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. Vict. c. 16.

2. Whereas it is expedient that the principal of the Certain

local loan specified in the table contained in the Schedule debts not to

to this Act should, to the extent specified in the last be reckoned

column of that table, not be reckoned as an asset of the fJcan^ans

local loans fund established under the National Debt and f un <j.

Local Loans Act, 1887:

Now, therefore, the principal of the said loan to the

extent aforesaid shall be written off from the assets

of the local loans fund, and the provisions of section

fifteen of the said Act shall, so far as applicable, apply

thereto.

A

2

Ch. 1.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1927.

17 Geo. 5.

Remission

of arrears

of principal

and interest

in respect of

Eyemouth

Harbour

loan.

1 Edw. 7.

c. 35.

3. Whereas in pursuance of an agreement made in

the year eighteen hundred and ninety-two the sum of

ten thousand pounds was advanced by the Public Works

Loan Commissioners to the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees

on the security of the harbour revenues with the

collateral security of the Fishery Board for Scotland:

And whereas by an arrangement confirmed by

section three of the Public Works Loans Act, 1901, the

liability of the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees in respect

of the said loan was extinguished without prejudice to

the liability of the Fishery Board for Scotland to repay

the said loan, and, in consequence thereof, the said

collateral security is the sole security for the repayment

of the said loan:

And whereas the terms of the said collateral

security are embodied in a memorandum of agreement

between the Secretary for Scotland and the Public

Works Loan Commissioners, dated the eleventh day of

March, eighteen hundred and ninety-two, whereby a

portion of the surplus herring brand fees as defined in

clause three of the said memorandum was pledged in

security for the repayment of the said loan with interest

by the instalments and at the times mentioned in the

security given by the Eyemouth Harbour Trustees for

the said loan, and it was provided that the said portion

of the surplus herring brand fees of any one year should

only be applicable to the repayment of the one-fiftieth

part of principal and interest on outstanding principal

falling due under the security for the said loan in the

same year, and should not be applicable to the repayment of arrears of principal:

And whereas the said portion of the surplus herring

brand fees so pledged as aforesaid will during the year

ending the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven, be insufficient to discharge in full the

instalment of principal with interest which falls due

under the security for the said loan in that year, and the

principal sum of two hundred pounds with interest

amounting to seventy-one pounds seventeen shillings,

will remain unpaid, and under the terms of the said

memorandum of agreement will be irrecoverable:

Now, therefore, the said prineipal sum of two

hundred pounds shall be extinguished, and the said

1927.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1927.

Ch. 1.

3

arrears of interest amounting to seventy-one pounds

seventeen shillings shall be remitted.

4. Whereas by virtue of section seven of the Provisions

National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887, as amended astodis-

by the Provisional Government (Transfer of Functions) ° ,

Order, 1922, and the Irish Free State Constitution Act, iri^Pree

1922 (Session 2), such sums as are equal to the amounts state

due in respect of existing loans made to authorities and Government

persons in the Irish Free State out of the local loans | n r s P ect ° *

fund are (subject to certain deductions mentioned in

the said Order) required to be paid out of the Exchequer 0 i.

of the Irish Free State into the said fund:

And whereas by an agreement made the nineteenth

day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, between

the British Government and the Government of the

Irish Free State it was provided (among other matters)

that the Government of the Irish Free State should

discharge their liability outstanding on the first day of

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, in respect of the local loans fund by the payment to the Fund for

a period of twenty years of an annuity of six hundred

thousand pounds, to be payable half-yearly on the first

day of January and the first day of July in each year,

the first half-yearly payment to be made on the first day

of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-six:

Now, therefore, notwithstanding anything in any

enactment, the said agreement is hereby confirmed; and

(1) The said annuity shall from time to time be

paid to the National Debt Commissioners and

may be accepted by them in lieu of the sums

which, but for the said agreement, would have

been payable by the Government of the Irish

Free State in respect of local loans:

(2) The income account of the local loans fund

shall, as from the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, cease to be

liable for any expenses incurred by the Government of the Irish Free State in or in relation to

the collection of sums due in respect of local ’

loans made to authorities or persons in the Irish

Free State:

4

Ch. 1, 2.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1927.

17 Geo. 5.

Short title.

Section 2.

(3) The National Debt Commissioners shall credit

each half-yearly payment on account of the

annuity to the capital account and the income

account respectively of the local loans fund

in such proportions as they may, with the

consent of the Treasury, determine, and shall,

subject to the like consent, adjust the capital

account of the said fund accordingly.

5. This Act may be cited as the Public Works

Loans Act, 1927.

SCHEDULE.

Loan by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

Loan under the Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861

(24 & 25 Vict. c. 47).

Name of Borrower.

Amount of

Loan.

Amount to be

written off.

Eyemouth Harbour Trustees

10,000

200

CHAPTER 2.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending

on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand

nine hundred and twenty-six, one thousand nine

hundred and twenty-seven, and one thousand

nine hundred and twenty-eight.

[29th March 1927.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards

1927.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 2.

5

making good the supply which we have cheerfully

granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament

have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

beseeeli Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as

follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards

making good the supply granted to His Majesty for

the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day

of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six,

and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, the

sum of three million two hundred and six thousand

five hundred and thirty-eight pounds twelve shillings

and threepence.

2. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards

making good the supply granted to His Majesty for

the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day

of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight,

the sum of one hundred and sixty-eight million five

hundred and six thousand nine hundred pounds.

3. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and

seventy-one million seven hundred and thirteen thousand

four hundred and thirty-eight pounds twelve shillings

and threepence.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and twenty-eight, and section six of the Treasury Bills

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall

not apply with respect to those Bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on-Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding

five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing

Issue of

3, 206, 538 1.

125. 3 d. out

of the Consolidated

Fund for the

service of the

years ended

31st March,

1926 and

1927.

l88Uft Of

103, 500, 900/.

out of the

Consolidated

Fund for the

service of the

year ending

Slat March 1928.

Power for

the Treasury to

borrow.

40 & 41 Vict 41 Vict,

c. 2.

Short title.

Relief to

dependants

of persons

involved in

trade dispute.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 83.

Ch. 2, 3. Consolidated Fund (No. 1) 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not

later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which

the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer,

and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund,

and be available in any manner in which such Fund is

available.

4. This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1927.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to make provision as to poor relief to

dependants of persons involved in a trade dispute

in Scotland, to enable relief to be given by way

of loan, and to extend further the duration of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland)

Act, 1921, as amended by subsequent Acts.

[29th March 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the Poor Law

(Scotland) Act, 1845, the assessments imposed and levied

for the relief of the poor shall extend and be applicable

to relief to the destitute dependants of any destitute

able-bodied person who is out of employment owing to

his being directly involved in a trade dispute.

(2) The foregoing subsection shall be deemed to

have had effect as from the thirtieth day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

(3) The provisions of the Poor Law (Scotland)

Act, 1845 (except those relating to the recovery of

expenses from the parish of settlement and to applications to the sheriff by persons refused relief), shall, so

far as not inconsistent with the foregoing provisions

1927.

7

Poor Law Emergency Provisions Ch. 3.

(Scotland) Act, 1927.

of this Act, apply to relief under this section in like

manner as if such relief had been provided under

the said Act to the person whose dependants have

been relieved.

2. Where a parish council has at any time between

the thirtieth day of April and the sixth day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, expended sums on the

provision of relief to the destitute dependants of any

destitute able-bodied person who was out of employment

owing to his being directly involved in a trade dispute,

there may be paid to the parish council out of moneys

provided by Parliament, on such conditions as the Scottish

Board of Health with the approval of the Treasury may

fix, a sum equal to forty per centum of the amount so

expended by the parish council in so far as the same shall

be approved by the said Board.

3. Any relief (including, where the same is provided

otherwise than in money, the cost price thereof) provided under the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845, or

under the Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland)

Act, 1921, or under section one of this Act to or on

account of any person or to his dependants, which the

parish council shall direct to be provided by way of loan,

shall be deemed and is hereby declared to be a loan

to the person to or on account of whom or to whose

dependants the relief shall have been provided if either

(a) a receipt containing a statement that the relief is

provided by way of loan or a written undertaking to

repay the relief shall have been given by such person, or

(b) a notification in writing that the relief is so provided

shall have been given to such person; and any such loan

shall be recoverable by the parish council from such

person as a debt:

Provided that nothing in this section shall authorise

relief under the said Act of 1845, being provided by way

of loan, unless the person to or on account of whom the

relief is provided or his dependants were immediately

prior thereto in receipt of relief under the said Act of

1921, or section one of this Act.

4. The Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland)

Act, 1921, and this Act shall continue in force until the

thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight.

Treasury

contribution

towards

expenditure

on relief of

dependants

of persons

involved in

trade dispute.

Power to ]

give relief

on loan.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 64.

11 & 12 Geo.5.

c. 64. to be

further con.

tinued.

8

Short title

and extent.

Power to

alter style

and titles

of Crown.

Alteration

of the style

of Parliament.

Short title.

Ch. 3, 4. Poor Law Emergency Provisions 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1927.

5. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Poor Law

Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1927.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall

be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended

or extended by any subsequent Act.

(3) This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to provide for the alteration of the Royal

Style and Titles and of the Style of Parliament

and for purposes incidental thereto.

[12th April 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. It shall be lawful for His Most Gracious Majesty,

by His Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the

Realm, issued within six months after the passing of this Act, to make such alteration in the style and titles

at present appertaining to the Crown as to His Majesty

may seem fit.

2.—(1) Parliament shall hereafter be known as and

styled the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland; and accordingly, the

present Parliament shall be known as the Thirty-fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

and Northern Ireland, instead of the Thirty-fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland.

(2) In every Act passed and public document issued

after the passing of this Act the expression "United

Kingdom " shall, unless the context otherwise requires,

mean Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

3. This Act may be cited as the Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act, 1927.

1927.

Sale of Food and Drugs

Act, 1927.

Ch. 5.

9

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend the Sale of Food and Drugs

Acts, 1875 to 1907.

[12th April 1927.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give effect to the

recommendations of the Departmental Committee

on the use of preservatives and colouring matters in

food:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where any regulations made under the Amendment

Public Health (Regulations as to Food) Act, 1907, as of 38 &

amended by any subsequent enactment and the enact- 3,

ments mentioned in that Act, prescribe the composition c *

of any article of food or drink intended for sale or prohibit

or restrict the addition of any preservative or other

ingredient or material to any such article, a purchaser

of such article shall, unless the contrary is proved, be

deemed for the purposes of section six of the Sale of

Food and Drugs Act, 1875, to have demanded an article

complying with the provisions of the regulations, as

regards the presence or amount of any constituent,

ingredient or material specified in the regulations, and the

addition of any such ingredient or material, in contravention of the regulations, shall, for the purposes of the

said Act of 1875, be deemed to render the article injurious

to health.

(2) Where any such regulations restrict the addition

of any preservative, or other ingredient or material, to

an article of food or drink, the addition of any such

ingredient or material to an amount not exceeding the

limit specified by the regulations shall not, for the purposes of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, be

deemed to render the article injurious to health.

2. This Act may be cited as the Sale of Food and Short title.

Drugs Act, 1927, and shall be construed as one with the

Sale of Food and Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1907, and those

10

Ch. 5, 6.

Sale of Food and Drugs

Act, 1927.

17 Geo. 5.

Commencement.

Increase of

number of

Forestry

Commis.

sioners.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 58.

Power to

make and

enforce byelaws.

Acts and this Act may be cited together as the Sale of

Food and Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1927.

3. This Act shall come into operation at the date of the passing of this Act.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to authorise an increase of the number of

Forestry Commissioners; to empower the Commissioners to make byelaws with respect to land

vested in them or under their management or

control; and for purposes consequential upon

the matters aforesaid.

[12th April 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) For the purpose of assisting the Forestry

Commissioners in promoting employment by increasing

the acreage under timber, the number of Forestry Commissioners (hereinafter referred to as the Commissioners)

that may be appointed by His Majesty under subsection

(1) of section one of the Forestry Act, 1919 (hereinafter

referred to as the principal Act), shall be increased from

eight to ten.

(2) Each of the persons first appointed to be ninth

and tenth Commissioner respectively shall vacate office

upon the expiration of the term of office of the other

Commissioners in office at the date of his appointment,

but shall be eligible for re-appointment in like manner as

they are.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the

Commissioners may make such byelaws with respect to

any land, being land vested in them or under their

management or control to which the public have or may

be permitted to have access, as appear to them to be

necessary for the preservation of any trees or timber

on the land or of any property of the Commissioners,

and for prohibiting or regulating any act or thing

1927.

Forestry Act, 1927.

Cu. 6.

11

tending to injury or disfigurement of the land or the

amenities thereof, and, without prejudice to the

generality of the foregoing provisions, for regulating

the reasonable use of the land by the public for the

purposes of exercise and recreation:

Provided that—

(a) no byelaws made under this section shall take

away or injuriously affect any estate, interest,

right of common or other right of a profitable

or beneficial nature in, over or affecting any

land, except with the consent of the person

entitled thereto; and

(b) no byelaws made under this section shall

apply to any common which is subject to

a scheme or regulation made in pursuance

of the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to

1898, or the Inclosure Acts, 1845 to 1882, or

the Commons Act, 1899; and

(c) no byelaws shall be made under this section

with respect to the New Forest or the Forest

of Dean except after consultation with the

verderers of those forests respectively.

(2) Before any byelaw made under this Act comes

into operation, a draft thereof shall be laid before each

House of Parliament for a period of not less than twenty-

one days on which that House has sat, and if either

House, before the expiration of that period, presents an

Address to His Majesty praying that it shall be annulled,

no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but

without prejudice to the making of any new draft

byelaw.

(3) The power and duty of making byelaws under

this section and of enforcing any such byelaws shall be

deemed to be included among the powers and duties of the Commissioners under the principal Act, and the

Commissioners may authorise any officer or servant

appointed or employed by them to exercise and perform

on their behalf such powers and duties as they may

consider necessary for the enforcement of such byelaws,

and in particular, to remove - or exclude, after due

warning, from any land to which the byelaws relate any

person who commits, or whom he reasonably suspects

of committing, an offence against this Act or against tho

Vagrancy Act, 1824.

62 & 63 Vict

c. 30.

5 Geo. 4.

C. 83.

12

Cu. 6.

Forestry Act, 1927.

17 Geo. 5.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 58.

Short title,

oonatruo-

tion, citation, extent

and saving.

(4) Any person who fails to comply with or acts in

contravention of any byelaw made under this section,

or obstructs any officer or servant appointed or employed

by the Commissioners in the due exercise or performance

of his powers or duties under this section, shall be guilty

of an offence against this Act, and shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds,

and in the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine

not exceeding ten shillings for each day upon which the

offence continues.

(5) Without prejudice to the power of any other

court in relation to any offence against this Act, the

verderers of the New Forest and of the Forest of Dean

may, in their courts, inquire into offences against this Act alleged to have been committed within those

forests respectively, and may punish such offences so

committed, and those courts shall, as respects their

jurisdiction under this Act, be deemed to be courts of

summary jurisdiction, and the provisions of the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts, including the provisions as to the

recovery of fines and as to appeals, and the provisions

of any rules made under those Acts, shall apply

accordingly.

(6) Subject to the provisions of section five of the

Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914, but notwithstanding anything in any other Act, any fine recovered

under this section in any proceedings in England shall

(unless the court for some special reason otherwise orders)

be paid to the Commissioners.

3.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Forestry Act,

1927, and shall be construed as one with the Forestry

Acts, 1919 and 1923, and this Act and those Acts may

be cited together as the Forestry Acts, 1919 to 1927.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) Any byelaws made by the Commissioners under

this Act shall be without prejudice to any byelaws made

under any other Act by the verderers of the New Forest

or Forest of Dean as respects those forests respectively,

and the powers conferred by this Act upon the said

verderers shall be in addition to and not in derogation

of any other powers exerciseable by them at the

commencement of this Act.

1027.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 7.

13

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the

Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air

Force.

[12th April 1927.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army

within the United Kingdom in time of peace,

unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against

law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty

and this present Parliament that a body of land forces

should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom

and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s

Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should

consist of one hundred and sixty-six thousand five

hundred, including those to be employed at the depots in

the United Kingdom for the training of recruits for service

at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers

actually serving within His Majesty’s Indian possessions:

And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act,

1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the

air force, and it is judged necessary that the whole

number of such force should consist of thirty-three

thousand, including those employed as aforesaid, but

exclusive of the numbers serving as aforesaid, and the

provisions of the Air Force Act are due to expire at the

same dates as the provisions of the Army Act:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the

safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the

possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine

forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and

naval service, under the direction of the Lord High

Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners

for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently

be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on

board transport ships or vessels, .merchant ships or vessels,

or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other

circumstances in which they will not be subject to the

laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s forces

by sea:

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 61.

14

Ch. 7.

Short title.

Army Act

and Air

Force Act

to be in

force for

specified

times.

Army and Air Force (Annual) 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

And whereas no man can he forejudged of life or

limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of

punishment w ithin this realm, by martial law T, or in any

other manner than by the judgment of his peers and

according to the known and established laws of this

realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the

retaining all the before-mentioned forces, and other

persons subject to military law or to the Air Force

Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed

and that persons belonging to the said forces who

mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service,

or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of

good order and military or air force discipline, be brought

to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the

usual forms of the law will allow:

And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act

will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and

twenty-seven on the following days :—

(a) In Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel Islands,

and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of

April; and

(b) Elsewdiere, whether within or without His

Majesty's dominions, on the thirty-first day of

July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act, 1927.

2. —(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall

be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter

mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by

Parliament (that is to say):—

(a) Within Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel

Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth

day of April, one thousand nine hundred and

twenty-seven, to the thirtieth day of April, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight, both

inclusive; and

1927. Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 7. 15

Act, 1927.

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day

of July, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-

seven, to the thirty-first day of July, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight, both

inclusive.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in

force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to

the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within or

without His Majesty’s dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air

Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or Air Force Act by reason only that the

number of the forces for the time being in the service of

His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either

greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling Prices in

house for the accommodation provided by him in respect of

pursuance of the Army Act or the Air Force Act the bllletin g *

prices specified in the Schedule to this Act.

AMENDMENTS OF AR1MY AND

AIR FORCE ACTS.

Part 1.

Amendments of Army Act applicable also to

the Air Force Act.

4. In paragraph (l) of section twenty-four of the Amendment

Army Act (which relates to the making away with °fs. 21 of

equipments, &c.), after the words "he has charge" there -Army Act.

shall be inserted the words "or any public property

" issued to him for his use or entrusted to his care for

" military purposes, " and the definition of "equipments "

in the same section shall be omitted.

5. In section one hundred and seventy-eight of Amendment

the Army Act (which relates to mutual relations of of s. 178 of

regular forces and auxiliary forces), after the words Army Act.

" auxiliary forces " there shall be inserted the words

" or any reserve officers, or retired officers, " and the

words " belonging to such auxiliary or reserve forces "

shall be omitted.

16

Ch. 7.

Application

to Air

Force.

Amendment

of s. 57 a of

Army Act.

Amendment

of s. 83 of the Army

Act.

Amendment

of s. 179 of

Army Act.

Army and Air Force (Annual) 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

6. References in this Part of this Act to the Army

Act shall be deemed to include references to the Air

Force Act, and the provisions of this Part of this Act

shall in their application to the Air Force Act have

effect subject to any of the general modifications set

out in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Air Force

(Constitution) Act, 1917, which apply.

Part II.

Amendments oe Army Act.

7. In the definition of the expression "superior

" military authority " in subsection (9) of section fifty-

seven A of the Army Act (which relates to the suspension of sentences), after the word "general " where that

word first occurs there shall be inserted the words

"or air, " and after the words "the officer" there

shall be inserted the words "whether military or air

force."

8. The following paragraph shall be added at the

end of section eighty-three of the Army Act (which

relates to the effect of appointment to corps):—

"Where by Royal Warrant any corps is

amalgamated with any one or more other corps,

or the constitution of a corps is altered, or any

unit is transferred from one corps to another,

any soldier who at the date of the amalgamation,

alteration or transfer was serving in such corps or

unit shall be liable to serve in the amalgamated

corps or the altered corps or the corps to which

his unit is transferred, as the case may be, in like

manner as if it were the corps in which he was

previously serving, but he shall not be liable

without his consent to serve in any unit in that

corps in which he could not, without his consent, have been required to serve if no such

amalgamation, alteration or transfer had been

effected."

9. In paragraph (19) of section one hundred and

seventy-nine of the Army Act (which contains a modification of that Act with respect to the Royal Marines),

for the words "a public prison for the purposes of this

1927.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 7.

17

Act " there shall be substituted the words "a military

" prison for the purposes of this Act relating to im~

" prisonment."

10. Paragraph (14) of section one hundred and ninety Amendment

of the Army Act (which provides for the interpretation of s. 190 of

of the expression volunteers and volunteer forces) shall -Army Act.

be omitted.

Part III.

Amendments oe Air Force Act.

11. In section thirty-nine a of the Air Force Amendment

Act (which relates to special offences in relation to of s. 39a of

aircraft, &c.) the following amendments shall be Air Force

made:— Act -

(1) In paragraph (b) for the word "neglect " there

shall be substituted the words "act or neglect ";

(2) In paragraph (c) for the words "By neglect"

there shall be substituted the words "Is guilty

" of any act or neglect" and after the word

" otherwise " there shall be inserted the word

"which"; '

(3) For paragraph (e) the following paragraph shall

be substituted:—

" (e)Is guilty of any act or neglect in

flying, or in the use of any aircraft, or in

relation to any aircraft or aircraft material,

which causes or is likely to cause loss of life

or bodily injury to any person."

12. In the definition of the expression "superior Amendment

air-force authority " in subsection (9) of section fifty- of s. 57a of

seven A of the Air Force Act (which relates to the Air Force

suspension of sentences), after the words "the officer " Act.

there shall be inserted the words "whether air force or

" military."

13. In subsection (2) of section one hundred and Amendment

seventy-nine a of the Air Force Act (which contains the of s. 179a of

modifications of the Act with respect to sailors and Air Force

soldiers attached to the air force) after the words "for c *

" service with the regular air force " there shall be

B

18

Ch. 7.

Army and Air Force (Annual)17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

inserted the words "or the air force reserve, " and after

the words "the following modifications " there shall be

inserted the words "and shall so apply in the case of

" any such commissioned officer notwithstanding that

" he may also hold a commission in the air force."

Section 3.

SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided. Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier

where meals furnished.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the

Second Schedule to the Army Act.

Dinner as so specified ....

Supper as so specified -

Where no meals furnished, lodging and

attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt,

and tho use of fire, and the necessary

utensils for dressing and eating his

meat.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats,

twelve pounds of hay, and eight

pounds of straw per day for each

horse.

Tenpence per night

for the first soldier

and eightpence per

night for each additional soldier.

Sevenponce each.

Tenpence.

Pouipenee.

Tenpence per night

for the first soldier

and eightpence per

night for each additional soldier.

Two shillings and

twopence per day.

Stable room without forage - Sixpence per day.

Lodging and attendance for officer - - Three shillings per

night.

Note .—An officer shall pay for bis food.

In the application of this Schedule to the Air Force references

to the Air Force Act and airman shall be substituted for

references to the Army Act and soldier.

1927.

Government of India

(Indian Navy) Act, 1927.

Ch. 8.

19

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend the Government of India Act

with a view to facilitating the provision of an

Indian Navy, and to make consequential amendments in the Naval Discipline Act.

[29th June 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. With a view to facilitating the provision of an

Indian navy, the following amendments shall be made

in the Government of India Act:

(1) At the end of section twenty-two the following

new subsection shall be inserted :—

Amendments of

Government of

India Act.

" (2) Where any naval forces and vessels

raised and provided by the Governor General

in Council are in accordance with the provisions of this Act placed at the disposal of the Admiralty, the revenues of India shall

not, without the consent of both Houses of

Parliament, be applicable to defraying the

expenses of any such vessels or forces if and

so long as they are not employed on Indian

naval defence."

(2) Alter section forty-four, the following section

shall be inserted :—

" 44a. Any naval forces and vessels which

may from time to time be raised and provided

by the Governor General in Council shall be

employed for the purposes of the government

of India alone, except that if the Governor

General declares that a state of emergency

exists which justifies such action, the Governor

General in Council may place at the disposal

of the Admiralty all or any of such forces and

vessels, and thereupon it shall be lawful for

the Admiralty to accept such offer."

P> 2

20 Ch. 8. Government of India 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

{Indian Navy) Act, 1927.

(3) For paragraph (e) of subsection (1) of section

sixty-five, the following paragraph shall be

substituted:—

" (e) For all persons employed or serving in

or belonging to any naval forces raised by

the Governor General in Council, wherever

they are serving, in so far as they are not

subject to the Naval Discipline Act; and"

(4) For section sixty-six, the following Section shall

be substituted :—

" 66. Subject to the provisions of this Act,

provision may be made by the Indian Legislature for the application to the naval forces

raised by the Governor General in Council of the Naval Discipline Act, and that Act, if

so applied, shall have effect as if references

therein to His Majesty’s Navy and His

Majesty’s ships included the forces and ships

raised and provided by the Governor General

in Council, subject, however—

(a) in the application of the said Act to

the forces and ships raised and provided

by the Governor General in Council, and

the trial by court-martial of officers and

men belonging to those forces, to such

modifications and adaptations (if any) as

may be made by the Indian Legislature

to adapt the Act to the circumstances of

* India, including such adaptations as may

be so made for the purpose of authorising

or requiring anything, which under the

said Act is to be done by or to the

Admiralty or the Secretary of the

Admiralty, to be done by or to the

Governor General in Council or by or to

such person as may be vested with the

authority by the Governor General in

Council; and

(b) in the application of the said Act

to the forces and ships of His Majesty’s

Navy not raised and provided by the

Governor General in Council, to such

modifications and adaptations as may be

1027.

Government of India

(Indian Navy) Act, 1927.

Ch. 8.

21

made by His Majesty in Council for the

purpose of regulating the relations of the

last-mentioned forces and ships to the

forces and ships raised and provided by

the Governor General in Council:

Provided that, where any forces and ships

so raised and provided by the Governor

General in Council have been placed at the

disposal of the Admiralty, the said Act shall

apply without any such modifications or

adaptations as aforesaid."

2. In subsection (1) of section ninety B of the Naval

Discipline Act, after the words "self-governing dominion " wherever they occur, there shall be inserted the

words " or of India."

3. Any law of the Indian Legislature made under

the provisions of subsections (3) and (4) of section one

of this Act may provide for the repeal of any law of the

Indian Legislature in force at the commencement of this Act regulating the Royal Indian Marine Service, but

until such repeal the Government of India Act shall, in

relation to the Royal Indian Marine, have effect as if

the substitutions effected by subsections (3) and (4) of

section one of this Act had not been made, and as if the

men and ships belonging to the Royal Indian Marine

Service were naval forces and ships raised by the

Governor General in Council within the meaning of the

provisions contained in subsections (1) and (2) of section

one of this Act.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Government

of India (Indian Navy) Act, 1927.

(2) Subsection (2) of section forty-five of the Government of India Act, 1919 (which relates to the effect

of amendments and the printing of the Government of

India Act), shall have effect as if herein re-enacted and

in terms made applicable to the amendments of the

Government of India Act effected by this Act.

Amendment

of Naval

Discipline

Act.

Transitory

provision

for continuance of

existing

disciplinary

measures.

Short title,

construction and

printing.

9 & 10

Geo. 5.

c. 101.

Ch. 9.

Pacific Cable Acl, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. f>

o->

M —

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to consolidate with amendments the Pacific

Cable Acts, 1901 to 1924.

[29th June 1927.]

WHEREAS by the Pacific Cable Acts. 1901 to 1924,

\\ a board called the Pacific Cable Board was constituted for the construction and working of certain

submarine cables:

And whereas it w’as arranged that any sums required

for the repayment of any money borrowed under the said

Acts and for the annual expenses of the Board, so far as

not covered by receipts, should be ultimately provided

by the several Governments mentioned in the First

Schedule to this Act and represented on the Board

(hereinafter referred to as "the partner Governments ")

in the proportions mentioned in that Schedule, and

that any profits of the Board should be divided between

those Governments in the same proportions:

And whereas the Board have established a reserve

fund out of which the Board have employed certain

sums for the purpose of certain works, but a balance

remains in the reserve fund:

And whereas the partner Governments have agreed

that the Pacific Cable Board should be reconstituted

and that the financial provisions affecting the Board

should be revised in manner hereinafter appearing:

And whereas, for the purposes aforesaid, it is expedient that the said Acts should be consolidated with

amendments:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords {Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Reconstitution of

Pacific

Cable

Board.

1.—(1) As from the commencement of this Act,

the Pacific Cable Board (hereinafter referred to as " the

Board") shall be reconstituted in accordance with the

provisions set out in the Second Schedule to this Act,

and the provisions of that Schedule with respect to the

constitution, officers and proceedings of the Board shall

have effect accordingly.

1927.

Pacific Cable Act, 1927.

Ch. 9.

23

(2) The representatives on the Board of His

Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom shall

be appointed by the Treasury.

(3) The reconstitution of the Board under this Act

shall not affect any rights or obligations of the Board.

2. The Board shall be charged with the control, Powers of

management, maintenance and working of the cables the Board,

constructed under the said Acts, and may construct and

work any extensions, connections, and re-arrangements,

whether by way of cable or wireless telegraphy, in or

near the Pacific Ocean which are necessary or expedient

for the improvement of the Board’s undertaking, and

to which all the partner Governments agree, and may

exercise such powers and do such things as are

incidental to the purposes aforesaid.

3. — (1) All receipts of the Board on income account Application

in any financial year shall be applied in the first place of receipts

in defraying the expenses of the Board on income account, a " d sur *

including the payment of the annuities created for the p uses *

purpose of the repayment with interest of the money

advanced by the Treasury under the said Acts.

(2) If as respects the financial year ended tho

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven, it is found that the receipts of the Board as

constituted under the said Acts exceeded their annual

expenses as defined by the said Acts, the whole of the

surplus shall be paid into the reserve fund.

(3) If as respects any subsequent financial year such

receipts exceed the amount required for such expenses,

the Board shall pay out of the surplus into the reserve

fund of the Board the sum of ten thousand pounds

or one-tenth of the surplus, whichever is the greater;

but if the surplus is less than ten thousand pounds

they shall pay into the reserve fund the whole of the

surplus:

Provided that the Board may, if all the partner

Governments so agree as respects any year, paj T into the

reserve fund out of the surplus such larger or smaller

amount as may be so agreed.

(4) If as respects any such subsequent financial

year such receipts as aforesaid exceed the aggregate of the amount required for the expenses of the Board and

24

Ch. 9.

Pacific Cable Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

of the amount required to be paid to the reserve fund

under this section, the excess shall—

(a) if it arises in respect of either of the financial

years commencing on the first day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven and nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, be paid to the

partner Governments in the proportions mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act; and

(b) if it arises in respect of any subsequent year, be

paid as to one-half to His Majesty’s Government

in the United Kingdom, to be applied in reduction of the amount advanced by the Treasury

under the said Acts, and as to the other half,

to the partner Governments in the aforesaid

proportions:

Provided that, so soon as the whole amount of the

sums advanced by the Treasury to the Board under

the said Acts has been repaid, the whole of the excess

shall be paid to the partner Governments in the aforesaid

proportions.

Application 4. Any sums standing to the credit of the reserve

of reserve fund at the commencement of this Act or paid into

fund. that fund thereafter may be applied by the Board—

(a) for the purpose of defraying the cost of repairing

breakages in the cables and of meeting any

other unforeseen expenditure arising in connection with the undertaking of the Board; and

(b) subject to agreement by all the partner Governments—

(i) if in any year the receipts of the Board

are less than the expenses of the Board, for

the purpose of meeting that deficiency; or

(ii) for the purpose of defraying the cost of

any extensions, connections, or re-arrangements; or

(iii) if such a course is considered expedient

for the purpose of reducing the amount

advanced by the Treasury to the Board

under the said Acts, or for the purpose of

making payments to the partner Governments in the proportions mentioned in the

First Schedule to this Act.

1927 .

Pacific Cable Act, 1927 .

Ch. 9.

25

5. If in any financial year the receipts of the Board Deficiencies,

are less than the expenses of the Board, and the

deficiency, so far as not defrayed out of the reserve

fund, becomes payable by the partner Governments the

share of such deficiency payable by His Majesty’s

Government in the United Kingdom, ascertained in

accordance with the First Schedule to this Act, shall be

paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

6. All sums paid by the Board to His Majesty’s Application

Government in the United Kingdom shall, except so far of sums

as the Treasury may otherwise direct, be paid into the P ai(l to

Exchequer, and, so far as any such sums are applicable

to the reduction of the amounts advanced by the Kingdom

Treasury under the said Acts, they shall be applied

for that purpose in such manner as the Treasury may

direct.

7. The Board shall annually cause to be made out Accounts

an account of the money received, expended, and and audit,

borrowed, and securities held, and that account shall,

so long as the person who at the commencement of this Act holds the office of auditor of the Board continues to

hold that office, be audited by that person, and thereafter

shall be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor-General,

or such other person as may be agreed on by the partner

Governments.

8 . —(1) The Board may, subject to the approval of Subsidiary

all the partner Governments, undertake as agents for powers of

and at the expense of the Governments of any parts oar(h

of His Majesty’s dominions any work in connection with

telegraphic communication, whether by means of cables

or by means of wireless telegraphy, within the sphere of

their operations or within the Caribbean area:

Provided that the accounts of any work so undertaken shall be kept separate and distinct from all other

accounts of the Board.

(2) The Board shall, so long as they undertake

work in connection with telegraphic communication in

the West Indies, have power to provide and supply to

the West Indies a news service similar to the news

service supplied by telegraph companies at the commencement of the Pacific Cable Act, 1924. 14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 19.

26

Short title,

commencement and

repeal.

1 Edw. 7.

c. 31.

Sections 3,

4 and 5.

Ch. 9. Pacific Cable Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Pacific Cable

Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the first day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven.

(3) The enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect the

charges on the consolidated fund of the annuities

created under the Pacific Cable Act, 1901, and that until

reconstituted in accordance with this Act the Board as

constituted at the commencement of this Act shall be

the Board for the purposes of this Act.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Partner Governments. Shares.

His Majesty’s Government in the United Five-eighteenths.

Kingdom.

His Majesty’s Government in the Five-eighteenths.

Dominion of Canada.

His Majesty’s Government in the Com- Six-eighteenths,

monwealth of Australia.

His Majesty’s Government in the Two-eighteenths.

Dominion of New Zealand.

1:127.

Pacific Cable Act, 1927.

Ch. 9.

27

SECOND SCHEDULE.

(Constitution Officers and Proceedings of the

Pacific Cable Board.

1. The Pacific Cable Board shall consist of :—

Two members representing His Majesty's Government in

the United Kingdom;

Two members representing His Majesty's Government in

the Dominion of Canada;

Two members representing His Majesty's Government in

the Commonwealth of Australia;

One member representing His Majesty’s Government in

the Dominion of Now Zealand;

together with a chairman appointed as hereinafter mentioned

if such chairman is not one of the representative members of the

Board.

2. The Pacific Cable Board shall continue to be a body

corporate by that name, with perpetual succession and a common

seal and with power to purchase, take, hold and dispose of lands

and other property for the purposes of this Act.

3. Any vacancy occurring by reason of death, resignation,

incapacity or otherwise in the office of the members representing

any Government shall be filled by the Government which the

member whose office is vacant represented.

4. The Board shall appoint a person (who may be, but need

not be, one of the representative members of the Board) to be

chairman of the Board, and the person so appointed shall be

such person as may be agreed on by the partner Governments,

or, if the partner Governments fail to agree, the person receiving

the majority of the votes of the partner Governments, for which

purpose each partner Government shall be entitled to a number

of votes proportionate to its share in the undertaking of the

Board.

5. The appointment of the chairman shall be made subject

to such conditions as the partner Governments may agree.

Subject to such conditions, the term of office of the chairman

shall be not less than three years, but, with the consent of

all the partner Governments, the chairman may be appointed

for a longer period than three years.

(i. The Board may appoint a representative member of the

Board to act as vice-chairman, who, in the absence of the

chairman, shall have all the powers of the chairman.

Section 1.

28

Ch. 9.

Pacific Cable Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

2nd >Scii.

— cont.

7. Any representative member of the Board may appoint

a deputy to act on his behalf at any meeting of the Board at

which he is unable to be present, and if a deputy has been so

appointed and his appointment notified to the Board he shall be

entitled so to act, and, while so acting, shall possess all the

powers of a member of the Board.

8. There shall be paid to the chairman of the Board, if and

so long as he is not a person who holds any office of profit under

the Crown (including any office of profit under any partner

Government) such salary, not exceeding one thousand pounds

a year, as the Board may determine:

Provided that—

(i) if all the partner Governments so agree, the salary

paid to the chairman may exceed one thousand

pounds a 3 r ear;

(ii) nothing in this provision shall prevent the Board

paying to the chairman the reasonable expenses of

travelling undertaken by him for the purposes of the Board, nor, if the partner Governments so agree,

reasonable compensation in respect of any absence

entailed by any special tour which he may make on

behalf of the Board for some particular purpose.

9. There shall be paid to every other member of the Board

who does not hold any such office of profit as aforesaid such

salary, not exceeding three hundred pounds a year, as the Board

may determine.

10. The Board may appoint such officers and employ such

persons and take such other steps as they think necessary and

expedient for properly carrying out their duties, and may provide

an office for the transaction of their business.

11. The Board may regulate their proceedings in such manner

as they think fit, but on any matter on which the votes of the

Board are equally divided the person presiding at the Board shall

have a second or casting vote:

Provided that in the case of the chairman, if he is not one

of the representative members of the Board, he shall have a

casting vote only.

12. The quorum of the Board shall be three, but subject

thereto the Board may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their

number.

1927.

Pacific Cable Act, 1927.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Ch. 9, 10.

29

Section 9.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

1 Edw. 7.

The Pacifio Cable Act,

The whole Act.

c. 31.

1901.

2 Edw. 7.

The Pacific Cable (Amend-

The whole Act.

c. 26.

ment) Act, 1902.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

The Pacific Cable Act,

The whole Act.

c. 36.

1911.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

The Pacific Cable Act,

The whole Act.

c. 19.

1924.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and

Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter

other duties, and to amend the law relating to

Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise)

and the National Debt, and to make further

provision in connection with finance.

[29th July 1927.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland in Parliament assembled,

towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your

Majesty’s public expenses, and making an addition to

the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved

to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1. The customs duty payable on tea until the first Duty on

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, tea.

30

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

16 & 17

Geo. 5.C.22.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 32.

Additional

medicine

duties.

6 & 6 Geo. 5.

c. 89.

Exemption

of motor

tyres from

customs

duty to

cease.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 36.

Amendment

with

respect to

duty on

cinematograph films.

Increased

duties on

wines.

under section one of the Finance Act, 1926, shall,

subject to the provisions of section eight of the Finance

Act, 1919 (which relates to imperial preferential rates)

continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,

that is to say—

Tea - the lb. - - fourpence.

2. The additional excise duties which were imposed

by section eleven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915,

upon medicines liable to duty and which were continued

by section two of the Finance Act, 1926, until the first

day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, shall

continue to be charged on and after that date until

Parliament otherwise determines.

3. The exemption in respect of tyres which is

given by section three of the Finance Act, 1925, from

the customs duty thereby charged on the accessories

and component parts of motor cars, motor bicycles and

motor tricycles shall be deemed to have ceased as from

the twelfth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven.

4. For the purpose of the customs duty charged

on cinematograph films by section three of the Finance

Act, 1925, the expression "blank film " shall include,

and as from the twelfth day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven, be deemed to have included, all

photographic sensitised sheets or strips of celluloid or

other similar material which are of a length of not less

than twelve feet, whatever the W’idth of the sheets or

strips may be, and duty shall be charged on any such

sheets or strips in proportion to their width.

5. — (1) As from the twenty-fifth day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, there shall, in lieu

of the customs duties theretofore payable on wines, be

charged, levied and paid on wines imported into the

United Kingdom, in the case of wines of the descriptions

specified in the first column of the table contained in

Part I of the First Schedule to this Act, and not being

Empire products, duties at the rates respectively specified in the second column of that table, and in the case

of w ines of the descriptions specified in the first column

of the table contained in Part II of the said Schedule,

11)27. Finance Act, 1927. Ch. 10. 31

and being Empire products, duties at the rates respectively specified in the second column of that table.

(2) Section eight of the Finance Act, 1919 (which

relates to imperial preferential rates) shall have effect as

though the duties charged by this section in respect of

wines being Empire products were reduced rates of duties

specified in the second column of the Second Schedule

to that Act, and section seven of the Finance Act, 1926,

shall have effect as though the duties charged by this

section had been in force immediately before the first

day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

(3) Subsection (2) of section eight of the Customs 53 & 54 Vict

and Inland Revenue Act, 1890 (which provides that wine c. 8 .

rendered sparkling in warehouse is to be deemed to be

sparkling vine for the purpose of a certain duty imposed

on sparkling wine) shall apply for the purpose of the duty

imposed on sparkling wine by this section as it applied

for the purpose of the duty mentioned in that subsection.

(4) In this section the expression "wine" includes

the lees of wine, and the expression "Empire products "

means such Empire products as are entitled to a

preferential rate under section eight of the Finance Act,

1919.

6.—(1) As from the twenty-fifth day of April, Excise

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, there shall be on

charged, levied and paid on sweets sent out from the BWect8 -

premises of a maker of sweets for sale an excise duty

at the rate of one shilling for every gallon.

(2) The Commissioners may make regulations

generally for securing and collecting the excise duty

payable under this section and for prohibiting the manufacture for sale of sweets except by persons having

made entry for the purpose, and provision may be

made by any such regulations for applying to the

manufacture of sweets for sale or to the duty thereon

the provisions of any enactments relating to the

brewing of or the duty on beer, and for relieving from

duty sweets intended for exportation or shipment as

stores or sent out to the premises of another maker of

sweets for sale.

(3) If any person acts in contravention of or fails-to

comply with any regulation made under this section,

the article in respect of which the offence is committed

shall be forfeited and the person committing the offence

Ch. 10.

. Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

shall be liable in respect to each offence to an excise

penalty of fifty pounds.

Duties and 7. — (1) As from the twelfth day of April, nineteen

drawbacks hundred and twenty-seven, in lieu of the customs duties

on tobacco, theretofore payable on tobacco, there shall, subject to

the provisions of section eight of the Finance Act, 1919,

be charged, levied and paid on tobacco imported into the

United Kingdom the duties specified in Part I of the

Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) As from the twelfth day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven, there shall, in lieu of the

excise duties theretofore payable on tobacco, be charged,

levied and paid on tobacco grown in the United

Kingdom the duties specified in Part II of the Second

Schedule to this Act.

(3) The drawback allowed under section one of

26 & 27 Vict, the Tobacco Act, 1863, on tobacco exported from the

c -7. United Kingdom or deposited in a bonded -or King’s

warehouse, shall, in cases where it is shown that the

increased duties imposed by this section have been paid,

be allowed at the rates set out in Part III of the Second

Schedule to this Act instead of at the rates set out in

8 & 9 Geo. 6 . Part III of the Second Schedule to the Finance Act,

e. 15. 1918, but subject to the provisions affecting allowance

4 Edw. 7. of drawback contained in the Schedule to the Finance

c - 7 - Act, 1904.

Increased 8 .—(1) As from the twelfth day of April, nineteen

duty on hundred and twenty-seven, there shall, in lieu of the

matches. customs duties theretofore payable on matches, be

charged, levied and paid on matches imported into the

United Kingdom the duties specified in Part I of the

Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) As from the twelfth day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven, there shall, in lieu of the

excise duties theretofore payable on matches, be charged,

levied and paid on matches manufactured in the United

Kingdom the excise duties specified in Part II of the

Third Schedule to this Act.

(3) Subsections (4) and (5) of section three of the

6 & 7 Geo. 5. Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916, shall apply for the

c. 11. purpose of the duties under this section as they apply

for the purpose of the duties under that section.

1027.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

9. —(1) During a period of five years beginning on Customs

the nineteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and duty on

twenty-seven, there shall be charged, levied and paid on translucent

the importation into the United Kingdom of any trans- ^ttery &

lucent pottery or vitrified pottery, which is either an 1 y ’

article of a description commonly used in connection

with the serving of food or drink or a component part of

such an article, a customs duty at the rate of one pound

and eight shillings for every hundredweight thereof.

(2) Subsections (2 ), (3) and (4) of section one of the

Safeguarding of Industries (Customs Duties) Act, 1925, 15 & 16

shall apply to the goods chargeable with duty under this Geo - 5 - c - 79.

section and to the duty imposed by this section as they

apply to the articles chargeable with duty under that

Act and to the duties imposed by that Act.

10. Section nine of the Finance Act, 1926 (which Time for

gives power to the Commissioners to defer the time for payment of

payment ef beer duty for a period not exceeding one beer dut y *

month from the fifteenth day of the month succeeding

the month in which duty was charged) shall cease to

have effect, and section sixteen of the Inland Revenue 43 & 44 Vict.

Act, 1880, shall accordingly have effect as originally c. 20 .

enacted.

11 . — (1)As from the first day of January, nineteen Alteration

hundred and twenty-eight, section thirteen of the of duties

Finance Act, 1920 (which imposes duties of excise in , °. n certain

respect of mechanically-propelled vehicles) shall have mec hani-

effect as if paragraphs 4 and 5 of the Second Schedule cally proto the Finance Act, 1920, were amended in the manner pelled

specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act. vehicles.

(2) No duty shall be payable under the said section ^5 ig

thirteen in respect of vehicles used for no purpose other

than the haulage of lifeboats and the conveyance of the

necessary gear of the lifeboats which are being hauled.

12. If any person, having been the holder of a Rebate of

licence for a mechanically-propelled vehicle taken out duty in case

in the year nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and

charged with duty under paragraph 5 of the Second forCertain

Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920, produces on or motor

before the thirty-first day of January, nineteen hundred vehicles in

and twenty-eight, to the council of the county or county 1927.

borough with which the vehicle was registered at the

time (as the case may be) of the expiration of the licence,

C

34

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

or of the surrender or transfer thereof by him, a statutory

declaration to the effect—

(a) that during a specified period, which must in

the case of a licence taken out before the

passing of this Act be a period beginning on

some date subsequent to the thirtieth day of

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and

ending on the date of the expiration, surrender,

or transfer, as the case may be, of the licence,

and in the case of a licence taken out after the

passing of this Act be the period during which

the licence was held by the person making the

declaration, the vehicle was (within the meaning

of the said paragraph 5 as that paragraph

will have effect on and after the first day of

January, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,)

used solely by him for the purpose of the conveyance of the produce of, or of articles required

for the purposes of, the agricultural land which

he occupied;

(b) that he was during the specified period a person

engaged in agriculture;

(c) that the vehicle was during the specified period

registered in his name;

he shall be entitled to be repaid by the council by way

of allowance in respect of the duty paid for the licence

the following amount in respect of each complete month

comprised in the specified period—

(i) in the case of a licence taken out for one quarter

of the year only or for any less period, a sum

equal to one-third of the difference between the

duty payable under the said paragraph 5 on

a quarterly licence for the vehicle and the duty

which would have been payable on such a

licence if the vehicle had been chargeable with

duty under the scale contained in the paragraph

(c) set out in the Fourth Schedule to this Act;

(ii) in the case of any other licence a sum equal to

one-twelfth of the difference between the full

annual duty payable on the licence and the full

annual duty which would have been payable

on the licence if the vehicle had been chargeable

with duty under the scale aforesaid.

1027

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

35

13. Section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1921 (which Extension

empowers the Commissioners to make regulations with of s. 16 of

respect to the manufacture, &c., of power methylated Finance (

spirits and with respect to the use, &e., of spirits to be y 12 " *

used in the manufacture of such methylated spirits) Geo. 5. c. 32.

shall have effect as though for the references therein to

power methylated spirits there were substituted references

to methylated spirits of any kind.

14. — (1) Where the Commissioners are satisfied that Provisions

some process of manufacture carried on by any person With reR P ect

involving the distillation of a fermented liquor is presses of

primarily directed to the production of some article distillation,

other than spirits, they may direct that (subject to

compliance with such conditions for the protection of the

revenue in respect of proof or security or otherwise as

they may think proper to impose, whether by regulations

or otherwise) such of the provisions of any enactment

relating to the manufacture of, or manufacturers of,

spirits as may be specified in the direction shall not in

the case of that person apply to that process or to

premises where that process is carried on, or that,

subject as aforesaid, any such provisions shall in the

case of that person apply to that process or to any

such premises only with such modifications as may be

specified in the direction.

(2) If any person in whose case a direction is given

by the Commissioners under this section acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any regulations made

under this section which are applicable in his case or

with any conditions imposed under this section in his

case, he shall be liable to an excise penalty of fifty

pounds.

15. — (1) The expression "spirits" in section one of the Revenue Act, 1906 (which provides for the payment

of an allowance in respect of spirits used in art manufacture, &c.), shall include methylic alcohol so purified

or prepared as to be chargeable with duty under Part I

of the Spirits Act, 1880, and the allowance under that

section shall be payable accordingly.

Amendment

as to allowances in

respect of

spirits.

6 Edw. 7,

c. 20.

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 24.

(2) Section three of the Customs and Inland 48 & 49 Vict.

Revenue Act, 1885 (which provides for the payment c. 51.

of an allowance on British spirits exported or used in

warehouse), shall have effect as though the reference

(i 2

36

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to

make regulations

requiring

returns with

respect to

importation,

&c., of

certain

alcohols.

Bottling of

spirits in

warehouse.

Reduction

of betting

duty in case

of bets made

under

certain con-

therein to spirits distilled included a reference to spirits

manufactured by any process whatsoever.

(3) If the Treasury are satisfied, as respects spirits

manufactured by some process in the case of which some

of the general enactments relating to the manufacture of,

or manufacturers of, spirits do not apply or apply only

subject to modifications, that an allowance in the case of

such spirits at the rate payable under section three of the

Customs and Inland Revenue Act, 1885, or section one

of the Revenue Act, 1906, would in the case of such

spirits be excessive, the Treasury may direct that the

amount of the said allowance shall in the case of such

spirits be reduced to such an amount as appears to them

to be reasonable in the circumstances of the case.

16. —(1) The Commissioners may, in so far as it

seems to them expedient so to do for the purpose of protecting the revenue arising from the customs or excise

duties on spirits, make regulations, requiring importers,

manufacturers, sellers or users of propyl, butyl or amyl

alcohol, or of any of the isomeric forms of such alcohols,

to furnish returns containing such particulars as may

be prescribed by the regulations in respect of the importation, manufacture, sale or use by any such persons

of any of the said articles, and provision may be made

by any such regulations for requiring persons by whom

and premises on which any such articles are manufactured

to be registered.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of or fails to

comply with any regulation made under this section, he

shall in respect of each offence be liable to an excise

penalty of ten pounds.

17. Spirits, whether British or foreign, to be bottled

in a warehouse may, instead of being bottled in such

bottles and packed in such cases as are allowed by

any enactment in force at the commencement of this Act, be bottled in such bottles and packed in such cases

as may be allowed by regulations to be made by the

Commissioners.

18. —(1) Where a person while attending a meeting

at which a sporting event is to be decided makes with

a bookmaker so attending a bet on any sporting event

of the same kind, the betting duty chargeable under

Part II of the Finance Act, 1926, in respect of the bet

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

37

shall be a sum equal to two per centum of the amount ditions on

paid, or offered or promised to be paid, to or to the sporting

order or for the use of the bookmaker. events.

(2) In this section the expression "sporting event "

means any race, game, match, or any like event.

19. Where it is proved to the satisfaction of the paper to be

Commissioners of Customs and Excise that any paper uaedas

liable to duty under section eleven of the Finance Act, material for

1926, as being packing or wrapping paper is imported y am e *-

after the date of the passing of this Act, solely for the ^ty on

purpose of being spun into yam, the Commissioners shall, wrapping

subject to such conditions (if any) as they think necessary paper,

for the safeguarding of the revenue, allow that paper to

be imported free of duty or repay any duty paid on

importation, as the case may be.

Part II.

Income Tax.

Charge of Tax and Miscellaneous.

20. —(1) Income tax for the year 1927-28 shall be Income tax

charged at the rate of four shillings, and the rates of and super-

super-tax for that year shall, for the purposes of ^7-28

section four of the Income Tax Act, 1918, as amended 8 & 9 q co 5

by the Finance Act, 1920, be the same as those for the c . 40.

year 1926-27.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax and

super-tax respectively as were in force with respect to

the duties of income tax and super-tax granted for the

year 1926-27 shall, subject to the provisions of Part IV

of the Finance Act, 1926, have full force and effect

with respect to the duties of income tax and super-tax

respectively granted by this Act.

(3) The annual value of any property which has

been adopted for the purpose of income tax under

Schedules A and B for the yea 7 ' 1926-27 shall be taken

as the annual value of that property for the same

purpose for the year 1927-28:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to

lands, tenements and hereditaments in the Administrative County of London with respect to which the

valuation list under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act, 32 & 33Viet,

0 . 67.

38

Amendment

as to date

of payment

of tax under

Schedule A.

Amendment

as to relief

from tax in

respect of

losses.

Application

of s. 29 of

Finance

Act, 1926,

to certain

cases.

Amend *

ment as to

exemption

from income

tax in

respect of

profits of

trades

carried on

by charities.

Ch. 10. Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

1869, is by that Act made conclusive for the purposes

of income tax.

21. Subsection (2) of section one hundred and fifty-

seven of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which provides that

in the cases to which that subsection applies income tax

shall be payable in two equal instalments), shall cease to

have effect so far as it relates to tax chargeable under

Schedule A, other than any tax so chargeable in respect

of income which is, or is to be treated as, earned

income.

22. Where a person has under the provisions of

subsection (3) of section twenty-nine of the Finance Act,

1926, elected to be charged to income tax in respect of

profits or gains or income arising from any source on

the amount on which he would have been charged if

the said section had not passed, that person shall not be

entitled to relief under section thirty-three of the said

Act in respect of a loss sustained in any year earlier

than the year 1928-29 or than the year which is, under

the provisions of section thirty-four of the said Act, to

be taken to be the year preceding the year 1929-30.

23. Where a trade, profession or vocation has been

set up or commenced or income has first become chargeable under Case V of Schedule D within the period of

two years immediately preceding the year next before

the year of assessment, the provisions of subsection (1)

of section twenty-nine of the Finance Act, 1926, shall

apply for the purpose of computing income tax in respect

of the profits or gains of that trade, profession or vocation or in respect of that income as they apply for the

purpose of computing income tax in respect of the profits

or gains or income mentioned in that subsection.

24. The following shall be substituted for paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of section thirty of the

Finance Act, 1921:—

" (c) from income tax under Schedule D hi respect

of the profits of a trade carried on by any

charity, if the profits are applied solely to the

purposes of the charity and either—

" (i) the trade is exercised in the course

of the actual carrying out of a primary

purpose of the charity; or

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10 .

39

" (ii) the work in connection with the

trade is mainly carried on by beneficiaries

of the charity."

25. —(1) Where the usual place of abode of the Payment of

owner of a copyright is not within the United Kingdom, income tax

Rule 21 of the General Rules shall apply to any payment

of or on account of any royalties or sums paid periodically royalties by

for or in respect of that copyright as it applies to annual deduction/

payments not payable out of profits or gains brought

into charge.

(2) In this section the expression "copyright "

does not include a copyright in any dramatic work

being a cinematograph production, or in any artistic

work being a photograph intended to be used for the

purpose of the exhibition of pictures or other optical

effects by means of a cinematograph or other similar

apparatus.

(3) This section shall apply to all payments of

or on account of any royalties or sums made on or after

the first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

for or in respect of any such copyright as aforesaid, and

to any payments made between the eleventh day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and the said first

day of July on account of any such royalties or sums

payable in respect of any matter arising on or after

the said first day of July.

(4) In this section the expression "owner of a copyright " includes a person who, notwithstanding that he

has assigned a copyright to some other person, is entitled

to receive periodical payments in respect of that copyright,

and the reference to royalties or sums paid periodically

for or in respect of a copyright shall not include royalties

or sums paid in respect of copies of works which are

shown to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners

to have been exported from the United Kingdom for

distribution outside the United Kingdom.

(5) Rule 23 of the General Rules shall be extended so

as to apply to all payments to which this section applies.

26. —(1) Rule 21 of the General Rules shall be Amendment

amended by the substitution of the following paragraphs of Rule 21

for paragraph (2)thereof :— Tlcra

" (2) Where any such payment as aforesaid is made

by or through any person, that person shall

40

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

forthwith deliver to the Commissioners of

Inland Revenue, for the use of the Special

Commissioners, an account of the payment, or of so much thereof as is not

made out of profits or gains brought into

charge, and of the tax deducted out of the

payment or out of that part thereof, and the

Special Commissioners shall assess and charge

the payment of which an account is so

delivered on that person.

(2a) The Special Commissioners may, where any

person has made default in delivering an

account required by this Rule, or where they

are not satisfied with the account so delivered,

make an assessment according to the best of

their judgment, and if any person neglects or

refuses to deliver an account so required,

he shall forfeit the sum of one hundred

pounds over and above the tax chargeable.

(2b) All the provisions of the Income Tax Acts

relating—

(a) to persons who are to be chargeable

with income tax and to income tax assessments;

(&) to appeals against such assessments;

(c) to the collection and recovery of

income tax;

(d) to cases to be stated for the opinion

of the High Court,

shall, so far as they are applicable, apply

to the charge, assessment, collection and

recovery of income tax under this Rule, and

the Special Commissioners shall, for the purpose of an assessment under this Rule, have

any powers of a surveyor, and, for the purpose of the representation of the Crown

before the Special Commissioners on any

appeal under this Rule, any person nominated in that behalf by the Commissioners

of Inland Revenue shall have all such powers

as a surveyor has at and upon the determination of an appeal."

(2) The provisions of the said Rule 21 as amended

by subsection (1) of this section shall, subject to any

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Cir. 10.

41

necessary modifications, apply in the case of a payment

which has been made before the passing of this Act

unless at that date the tax to be deducted from the

payment has been paid to the Crown.

27 . — (1)Where in any year of assessment a person

sustains a loss in any transaction, whether he was engaged

therein solely or in partnership, being a transaction of

such a nature that, if any profits had arisen therefrom,

he would have been liable to be assessed in respect thereof

under Case VI of Schedule D, he may claim that the

amount of the loss sustained by him shall, as far as may

be, be deducted from or set off against the amount

of any profits or gains arising from any transaction in

respect of which he is assessed for that year under the

said Case VI, and that any portion of the loss for which

relief is not so given shall, as far as may be, be carried

forward and deducted from or set off against the amount

of any profits or gains arising from any transaction in

respect of which he is assessed under the said Case VI

for any of the six following years of assessment.

(2) In the application of this section to a loss

sustained by a partner in a partnership the expression

"the amount of any profits or gains arising from any

" transaction in respect of which he is assessed " shall

be taken to mean in respect of any year such portion of the amount on which the partnership is assessed under

Case VI in respect of any transaction as he would be

required under the Income Tax Acts to include in a

return of his total income for that year.

(3) Any relief under this section by way of the

carrying forward of the loss shall be given as far as

possible from the first subsequent assessment in respect

of any such profits or gains as aforesaid for any year

within the said six following years, and, so far as it

cannot be so given, then from the next such assessment

and so on.

(4) The provisions of this section shall extend so as

to apply to a loss sustained in the year ending on the

fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

28 . — (1)If a person who is assessable to income

tax for the year 1927-28 or the year 1928-29 in respect

of the profits or gains of a trade, profession or vocation

(whether carried on by him solely or in partnership)

Relief in

respect of

losses in

transactions,

profits of

which

would be

chargeable

under

Case VI of

Sch. D.

Relief in

respect of

losses in

business

up after fith

April 1923.

42

Cta. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

which was set up and commenced after the sixth day of

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-three, proves—

(a) that in any year earlier than the year 1926-27,

or than the year which would under the provisions of section thirty-four of the Finance

Act, 1926, be taken to be the year preceding

the year 1927-28, he sustained a loss (to be

computed in like manner as profits or gains

under the Rules applicable to Cases I and II

of Schedule D) in the trade, profession or

vocation; and

(i b)that that loss would, if Part IV of the Finance

Act, 1926, had not passed, have been taken into

account in the period upon the average of

which the profits or gains of the trade, profession or vocation would have been calculated

for the purposes of the assessment either for

the year 1927-28 or for both the said years

1927-28 and 1928-29,

he may claim that an amount equal to one-third of that

loss shall, as far as may be and subject to the provisions

of this section, be deducted

(i) from the amount on which he is assessed in

respect of the profits or gains of the trade,

profession or vocation for the year 1927-28, or

(ii) both from that amount and from the amount on

which he is so assessed for the year 1928-29, if

the loss would have been taken into account in

the period upon the average of which the profits

or gains of the trade, profession or vocation

would have been calculated for the purpose of the assessment for that last-mentioned year:

Provided that the amount of the deduction to be

allowed to any person under this section in respect of the assessment for either of the said years shall not be

in excess of the amount by which the aggregate amount

of the assessments made on him in respect of the trade,

profession or vocation for the period from the first setting

up thereof until the end of that year (as reduced by

any deduction under this section or by any deduction allowed under Rule 13 of the Rules applicable to

Cases I and II of Schedule D on account of losses

arising in the trade) is greater than the amount by

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

43

which his aggregate profits and gains from the trade,

profession or vocation for the said period exceeds the

aggregate amount of his losses therefrom during that

period, after deducting from those losses any loss or

portion of a loss which has been or can be carried

forward under section thirty-three of the Finance Act,

1926, and the amount of any loss or losses in respect of

which relief is given under section thirty-four of the

Income Tax Act, 1918.

(2) In so far as relief in respect of any loss is given

to any person under this section, he shall not be entitled

to claim relief in respect of that loss under any other

provision of the Income Tax Acts.

(3) For the purpose of the application of this

section to any person, the expressions " the amount

" on which he is assessed in respect of the profits

" or gains " and " the aggregate amount of the assess-

" merits made on him " shall in respect of any year

or period be taken to mean the amount or the aggregate of the amounts respectively which that person

would be required under the Income Tax Acts to include

in respect of the profits of the trade, profession, or

vocation in his return or returns of total income for that

year or period if the return or returns were made before

taking into account any adjustment under section thirty-

four of the Income Tax Act, 1918, or any deduction or

set off under section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1926,

in respect of a loss.

29. — (1) If, where a business carried on by any

individual or by any individuals in partnership has,

whether before or after the passing of this Act, been

transferred to a company in consideration solely or mainly

of the allotment of shares of the company to that individual

or those individuals, the total income as computed for

the purposes of income tax of any individual to whom or

to whose nominee or nominees shares have been so allotted

for any year of assessment throughout which he is the

beneficial owner of the shares and throughout which the

company carries on the business, includes any income

derived by him from the company, whether by way of

dividends on those shares or otherwise, the provisions

of section thirty-three of the Finance Act, 1926, shall

apply as if the income so derived were profits and gains

Relief in

respect of

losses where

business is

transferred

to a company.

44

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Amonfl-

ment of

s. 81 of

Income Tax

Act, 19] 8.

on which that individual was assessed under Schedule

D in respect of that business for that year:

Provided that—

(i) where under the said section thirty-three, as

applied by this section, a loss falls to be

deducted from or set off against any such

income for any year of assessment, the

deduction or set off shall be made in the first

place against that part, if any, of the income

in respect of which the individual has been or

is liable to be assessed to tax for that year;

and

(ii) where any loss, or any part of a loss, falls to

be deducted from or set off against any part

of the income from which tax was deductible

by the company, the individual shall on

giving notice in writing to the surveyor not

later than twelve months after the end of the

year of assessment to which the claim relates,

be entitled to claim an appropriate repayment of tax, and the provisions of the Income

Tax Acts relating to claims for repayment of

tax in respect of any allowance or deduction

shall, subject to any necessary modification,

apply to claims for repayment under this

section.

(2) This section in its application to the year of

assessment in which a business is transferred as aforesaid

shall have effect as if for the reference to the year of

assessment throughout which the individual is the

beneficial owner of the shares and throughout which the

company carries on business there were substituted a

reference to the period from the date of transfer to the

fifth day of April next following.

30. — (1) Where by virtue of section eighty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which empowers the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to appoint collectors in

certain cases), the power to appoint a collector for any

area has become vested in the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue, those Commissioners shall appoint a collector

for that area to hold office during their will and pleasure

and assign to him such remuneration as the Treasury may

direct, and, notwithstanding any alteration of any parish

1027.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

45

for the purposes of poor law administration, may continue

to appoint a collector for that area, and, so long as they

so continue, the parish or parishes forming that area shall

remain a parish or parishes for which tax is to be

separately assessed.

(2) Where by virtue of section eighty of the Income

Tax Act, 1918, the General Commissioners have power

to appoint a collector for any area those Commissioners

shall appoint a collector for that area to hold office

during their will and pleasure, and subsection (1) of that

section shall have effect as if for the words "in the

" month of April in every year " there were substituted

the words "within a month from the occurrence of a

" vacancy for a collector, " and subsection (1) of section

eighty-four of the Income Tax Act, 1918, shall have

effect as if—

(a) the words "for any year of assessment " were

omitted;

(b) for the words "on or before the thirty-first

day of May " there were substituted the words

" within two months after the date at which

a vacancy has occurred ";

(r) the v r ords " for that year and for every subsequent year " were omitted.

Provisions relating to Super-tax .

31.—(I) Subsection (1) of section twenty-one of the Amendment

Finance Act, 1922, shall have effect as if at the end of 12 & 13

thereof there were added as a new paragraph the

following:—

Geo. 5.

c. 17. s. 21.

" For the purpose of this subsection any such

sum as is hereinafter described shall be regarded

as income available for distribution among the

members of the company and not as having been

applied or being applicable to the current requirements of the company’s business or to such other

requirements as may be necessary or advisable

for the maintenance and development of that

business, that is to say:—

(a) Any sum expended or applied, or intended

to be expended or applied, out of the

income of the company, otherwise than

46

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

in pursuance of an obligation entered into

by the company before the fourth day of

August, nineteen hundred and fourteen—

(i) in or towards payment for the business, undertaking or property which the

company was formed to acquire or which

was the first business, undertaking or

property of a substantial character in

fact acquired by the company; or

(ii) in redemption or repayment of any

share or loan capital or debt (including

any premium on such share or loan

capital or debt) issued or incurred in or

towards payment for any such business,

undertaking or property, or issued or

incurred for the purpose of l'aising money

applied or to be applied in or towards

payment therefor; or

(iii) in meeting any obligations of the

company in respect of the acquisition

of any such business, undertaking or

property:

(b) Any sum expended or applied, or intended

to be expended or applied, in pursuance or

in consequence of any fictitious or artificial

transaction: "

Provided that the addition to the said section

twenty-one of the foregoing new paragraph shall not

operate so as to make the said section apply as respects

any company unless it appears to the Special Commissioners, not only that income of the company has been

or is to be expended or applied for one or more of the

purposes mentioned in the said paragraph, but also that

the company has not in fact distributed a reasonable

part of its actual income in such a manner as to render

the amount distributed liable to be included in the

statements to be made by the members of the company

of their total income for the purposes of super tax.

(2) Subsection (1) of the said section twenty-one

shall have effect as if after the words "apportioned

among the members, " there were inserted the words

" and super-tax shall he assessed and charged under the

" provisions of this section in respect of the sum so

4

1927. Finance Act, 1927. Cit. 10.

" apportioned after deducting in the case of each

" member any amount which has been distributed to

" him by the company in respect of the said year or

" period in such manner that the amount distributed

" falls to be included in the statement of total income

" to be made by that member for the purposes of

" super-tax."

(3) In subsection (6) of the said section twenty-one,

for the words from the beginning thereof down to and

including the words "beneficial owner of shares in the

company " there shall be substituted the following :—

" This section shall apply to any company

which is under the control of not more than five

persons and which is not a subsidiary company

or a company in which the public are substantially

interested.

For the purpose of this subsection—

A company shall be deemed to be a subsidiary

company if, by reason of the beneficial ownership of shares therein, the control of the

company is in the hands of a company not

being a company to which the provisions of this

section apply, or of two or more companies

none of which is a company to which those

provisions apply;

A company shall be deemed to be a company in

which the public are substantially interested if

shares of the company (not being shares entitled

to a fixed rate of dividend, whether with or

without a further right to participate in profits)

carrying not less than twenty-five per cent, of the voting power have been allotted unconditionally to, or acquired unconditionally by, and

are at the end of the year or other period for

W'hich the accounts of the company have been

made up as aforesaid beneficially held by, the

public (not including a company to which the

provisions of this section apply) and any such

shares have in the course of such year or other

period been the subject of dealings on a stock

exchange in the United Kingdom and the shares

have been quoted in the official list of such a

stock exchange.

48

8 Edw. 7.

c. 69.

Ch. 10. Finance Act, 1927.' 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

The expression company’means a company

within the meaning of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908."

(4) Where an order has been made or a resolution

passed for the winding-up of a company to which the

said section twenty-one applies, the income of the company for the period from the end of the last year or

other period for which accounts of the company have

been made up to the date of the order or resolution for

winding up shall, for the purposes of the said section,

be deemed to be income of that period available for

distribution to the members of the company, and, as

respects that period and the next preceding year or other

preceding period or periods ending within that next

preceding year for which accounts have been made up,

the said section shall apply as if the words "within

" a reasonable time " in subsection (1) of the said section

were omitted therefrom.

(5) Any notice required under the provisions of the

said section twenty-one to be served upon a company

may, where the company is in liquidation, be served

upon the liquidator of the company, and the liquidator

shall be responsible for doing all matters or things

required to be done by or on behalf of the company, and

the liquidator shall be responsible for the due payment

of any super-tax payable by or recoverable from the

company under the provisions of the said section.

(6) The income apportioned to a member of a company for the period from the end of the last year or

other period for which accounts have been made up to

the date of the order or resolution for winding up shall,

for the purposes of super-tax, be deemed to have been

received by him on the date of that order or resolution.

(7) The following shall be substituted for paragraph 5 of the First Schedule to the Finance Act,

1922:—

" 5.— (a) Where the Special Commissioners

have—

(i) issued a notice requiring any company to furnish them with particulars

under paragraph 4 of this schedule as

respects any year or other period; or

1927. Finance Act, 1927. Ch. 10. 49

(ii) given a direction under subsection (1)

of section twenty-one of this Act as

respects any year or other period in

relation to any company to which no such

notice has been issued as respects that

year or period;

the directors of the company, if they are of

opinion that there has not been and will not be

any avoidance of the payment of super-tax

through failure to distribute to the members of the company a reasonable part of its income for

that year or period, may make a statutory

declaration to that effect stating the facts and

circumstances upon which their opinion is based;

(b) In any case where such a statutory

declaration as aforesaid is sent to the Special

Commissioners within twenty-eight days of the

issue of such a notice or the giving of such a

direction as aforesaid the Special Commissioners

shall not, unless they see reason to the contrary,

take any further action in the matter;

(c) If in any such case the Commissioners see

reason to the contrary they shall send to the

Board of Referees a certificate to that effect,

together with the said statutory declaration, and

shall at the same time transmit a copy of the

certificate and of the statutory declaration to the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue;

(d) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue

may at any time within twenty-eight days after

receiving the copy of the certificate and the copy

of the statutory declaration submit to the Board

of Referees a counter-statement with reference to

the matter;

(e) The Board of Referees shall in any such

case take into consideration the declaration, and

the certificate, and the counter-statement, if any,

and shall determine whether there is or is not a

prima facie case for proceeding in the matter;

(f) The determination ' of the Board of

Referees under this paragraph shall be final and

conclusive, and, w'here the Board of Referees

determines that there is a prima facie case for

D

50

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Application

of 12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 17.

s. 21 to interconnected companies.

proceeding, the notice or direction aforesaid shall

have effect as if it had been issued or given on the

date on which notice of the determination of the

Board is given to the company."

(8) The following shall be substituted for paragraph 9 of the First Schedule to the Finance Act,

1922—

"9. The income apportioned to a member of

a company so far as assessable and chargeable to

super-tax under section twenty-one of this Act

shall for the purposes of that tax be deemed

to have been received by him on the date

to which the accounts of the company for the

year or period were made up or, if an application

in that behalf is made by the company to the

Special Commissioners at any time within the

period limited by this Schedule for giving notice

of appeal against the direction to the Special

Commissioners, on such date as those Commissioners determine to be just, having regard to

the dates on which distributions of income have

been made by the company, and so as to avoid,

as far as possible, the inclusion for the purposes

of super-tax for any year of income referable to

more than one year."

32. — (1) Where a member of a company (in this

section referred to as "the first company"), the income

of which for any year or period has been deemed to be

the income of its members and has been the subject of

an apportionment (in this section referred to as "the

original apportionment ") under section tw enty-one of the Finance Act, 1922, is itself a company (in this section

referred to as " the second company ") to which the provisions of that section apply, the excess of the amount

so apportioned to the second company over the amount,

if any, W'hich has been received by the second company

out of the income as aforesaid of the first company

in such manner as would, in the case of an individual,

render the amount so received liable to be included in

the statement of his income for the purposes of supertax, shall for the purposes of the said section be deemed

to be income of the members of the second company and

shall be apportioned among them in accordance with

their iespective interests in that company, and the

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

51

provisions of the said section shall, with any necessary

modifications, apply accordingly.

(2) The second company shall, on being required

by notice in writing to that effect given to it by the

Special Commissioners, furnish the Commissioners with a

statement showing the names and addresses and particulars of the respective interests of all its members as

on the last day of the year or other period the income of

which formed the subject of the original apportionment,

and the income apportioned as aforesaid to the members

of the second company shall, for the purposes of supertax, be deemed to have been received by those members

on the date on which the income apportioned as aforesaid to the members of the first company is deemed to

have been received by them.

(3) Any super-tax chargeable by reference to the

provisions of the said section twenty-one in respect

of the amount of the income of the first company

apportioned to any member of the second company shall

be assessed upon that member in the name of the first

company, and shall, subject to the provisions of the said

section as to payment by the member, be payable by the

first company, and the provisions of the said section as

to the assessment, collection and recovery of super-tax

chargeable in respect of the income of a company

apportioned to any member thereof shall, with any

necessary modifications, apply accordingly.

(4) Where a member of any such second company as aforesaid is itself a company to which the

said section twenty-one applies, the income apportioned to it under the foregoing provisions of this

section shall in turn be deemed to be the income

of its members and apportioned to them, for purposes

of assessment to super-tax, in accordance with their

respective interests, and so on successively where any

member to whom income of a company has been

apportioned is itself a company to which the said

section applies, so that successive apportionments shall

in like manner be made until the entire amount of the

income which was apportioned under the provisions of this section among the members of the second company

has been apportioned to persons other than a company

to which the said section applies, and the said section

shall with any necessary modifications apply to such

D2

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

successive apportionments and to the furnishing of statements and to the assessment, collection and recovery of

super-tax in respect of income apportioned thereunder,

and, in particular, the date on which any such income

is to be deemed to have been received by the member to

whom it is apportioned shall be the date mentioned in

subsection (2) of this section, and any super-tax which is

chargeable in respect of income apportioned to a member

being an individual shall be assessed and charged upon

that member in the name of the first company.

Provisions 33. — (1) Any individual upon whom notice is served

for prevent- by the Special Commissioners requiring him to furnish a

anc T d - statement of and particulars relating to any assets in

supertax which, at any time during the period specified in the

by sales notice, he has had any beneficial interest, and in respect

cumdivi- of which, within such period, either no income was

dend, &o. received by him, or the income received by him was less

than the sum to which the income would have amounted,

if the income from such assets had accrued from day to

day and been apportioned accordingly, shall, whether an

assessment to super-tax in respect of his total income has

or has not been made for the relevant year or years of

assessment, furnish such a statement and such particulars

in the form and within the time (not being less than

twenty-eight days) required by the notice.

(2) The Special Commissioners may serve further

notices whenever they consider it necessary for the

purposes of this section until complete particulars have

been furnished to their satisfaction.

(3) If it appears to the Special Commissioners by

reference to all the circumstances in relation to the

assets of any such individual (including circumstances

with respect to sales, purchases, dealings, contracts,

arrangements, transfers, or any other transactions

relating to such assets) that the individual has thereby

avoided or would avoid more than ten per cent, of the amount of the super-tax for any year which

would have been payable in his case if the income from

those assets had been deemed to accrue from day to day

and had been apportioned accordingly and the income so

deemed to have been apportioned to him had been

treated as part of his total income from all sources for

the purposes of super-tax, then those assets shall be

1927. Finance Act, 1927. Ch. 10.

deemed to be assets to which subsection (4) of this

section applies.

(4) For the purposes of assessment to super-tax in

the case of any such individual, the income from any

assets to which this subsection applies shall be deemed

to accrue from day to day, and in the case of the sale or

transfer of any such assets by or to him shall be deemed

to have been received as and when it is deemed to have

accrued:

Provided that an individual shall not be liable to

be assessed to super-tax under this section in respect

of any such income if he proves to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners that the avoidance of supertax was exceptional and not systematic, and that there

was not in his case in any of the three next preceding

years any such avoidance of super-tax as is described

in the provisions of the last preceding subsection.

(5) If any individual fails to furnish any statement

or particulars required under this section, or if the

Special Commissioners are not satisfied with any statement or particulars furnished under this section, they

may make an estimate of the amount of the income

which, under the foregoing provisions of this section, is

to be deemed to form part of his total income for the

purposes of super-tax.

(6) If any individual without reasonable excuse

fails to furnish any statement or particulars required

under this section, he shall be liable to a penalty not

exceeding fifty pounds, and, after judgment has been

given for that penalty, to a further penalty of the like

amount for every day during which the failure continues.

(7) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" assets " means—•

(a) stocks or securities entitled to interest or

dividend at a fixed rate only, not being stocks

or securities the interest or dividend on which

is dependent on the earnings of a company;

and

(b) any other stocks or securities and any shares,

if transactions in relation- thereto have been

effected by the individual otherwise than

through a stock exchange in the United Kingdom and by a transfer on which duty has

54

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 39.

Belief from

super-tax

where

income

attributable

to a period

exceeding

a year is

received in

a year.

been paid at the rate of one pound per cent,

under the heading " Conveyance or Transfer

on Sale " in the First Schedule to the Stamp

Act, 1891.

34. If, on an application made by any individual

for the purpose, either at the time of making his return

for the purposes of super-tax for any year or within the

time limited for appealing against the assessment upon

him to super-tax for that year, the applicant proves to

the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners—

(a) that, as respects any assets, in consequence of the operation of the provisions of the Income

Tax Acts which require that for purposes of

super-tax any income which is chargeable with

income tax by way of deduction shall be

deemed to be income of the year in which it

is receivable, the income from those assets, as

estimated for the purposes of super-tax for

that year, represents more than the income

which would be attributable to a period of one

full year if the income were deemed to have

accrued from day to day; and

(b) that, in consequence, the amount of super-tax

payable by him for that year exceeds by more

than five per cent, the amount of the supertax which would have been payable by him

for that year if the amount of his income from

those assets had not exceeded the amount which

would be attributable to a period of one full

year if the income from those assets were

deemed to have accrued from day to day;

the Special Commissioners shall charge him to super-tax,

or adjust his liability to super-tax, for that year and any

succeeding year so as to give such relief as may be just,

having regard to all the circumstances and in particular

to the amount of any liability or additional liability to

super-tax which would have arisen for any preceding

year or years if—

(i) the income from such assets as aforesaid were

deemed to have accrued from day to day and

to have been apportioned accordingly; and

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

55

(ii) the income so deemed to have been apportioned

to him had been treated as part of his total

income for the purposes of super-tax.

35. If, on an application made by any individual,

either at the time of making his return for the purposes

of super-tax for any year or within the time limited for

appealing against the assessment upon him to super-tax

for that year, the applicant proves to the satisfaction of the Special Commissioners that, in consequence of the

sale or transfer to him of any assets, the amount of

super-tax payable by him for that year exceeds by more

than ten per cent, the amount of the super-tax which

would have been payable by him for that year if the

income from those assets and from any assets sold or

transferred by him were deemed to have accrued from

day to day, then, for the purposes of any assessment to

super-tax in the case of that individual for that year,

the income from all such assets as aforesaid shall be

deemed to have accrued from day to day and to have

been received by him as and when it is deemed to have

accrued.

36. —(1) Any income arising in respect of any assets

which for any of the purposes of the last three preceding

sections of this Act is deemed to have accrued from day

to day or which is to be computed as if it were income

that accrued from day to day shall—

(a) if payable in respect of any stated period, be

deemed to have accrued from day to day during

that period; and

(b) if not payable in respect of any stated period,

be deemed to have accrued from day to day

during the period of twelve months next preceding the date on which that income was

declared payable, or during the period between

the last previous declaration of a dividend,

(not being a dividend expressed to be an

interim dividend in respect of a stated period)

payment of interest, or other yield or produce

of such asset and the date aforesaid, whichever

period is less.

(2) The provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating

to appeals against assessments to super-tax, including

the provisions relating to the statement of a case for the

Relief from

super-tax in

case of

purchases

cum dividend.

Supplemental pro

visions.

56

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1027. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Application

of last six

preceding

sections.

Charge of

income tax

at standard

rate and at

higher rates

in respect of

income

above

certain

amount.

opinion of the High Court on a point of law, shall, with

any necessary modifications, apply for the purposes of the last three preceding sections of this Act.

37. The provisions of the last six preceding sections

of this Act shall apply for the purposes of assessment to

super-tax for the year 1928-29.

Part III.

Amendment with respect to Method of charging

ADDITIONAL INCOME TAX ON HIGHER INCOME, BASIS

OF ASSESSMENT UNDER SCHEDULE E., &c.

38. —(1) Income tax for the year 1928-29 and every

subsequent year shall, instead of being charged at a single

rate, be charged at a standard rate and, in the case of an

individual whose total income from all sources exceeds a

stated amount, at a rate or rates exceeding the standard

rate in respect of any part or parts of his income in

excess of that amount, and where income tax is so

charged for any year the following provisions shall have

effect, subject to the other provisions of this Part of this Act —

(a) all such enactments relating to income tax as

were in force immediately before the commencement of this Part of this Act shall, in so far as

they relate to income tax (not including supertax) have effect as if income tax were charged

for that year at the standard rate only, and in

the case of an individual whose total income

exceeds the stated amount, the amount of the

income tax so charged shall, so far as that

income tax is borne by him in respect of his

income, be deemed to be an instalment at the

standard rate of the amount of income tax for

which he is chargeable for that year;

(b) where the amount of income tax payable by an

individual for that year in respect of his total

income is greater than the amount which would

have been payable by him in respect thereof if

income tax had been chargeable at the standard

rate only, the difference between those two

amounts (in this Part of this Act referred to as

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

57

" sur-tax ") shall be computed, assessed, charged,

collected and paid as a deferred instalment of

income tax according to the provisions of this

Part of this Act relating to sur-tax;

and super-tax shall not be charged for the year 1929-30

or any subsequent year.

(2) The expression "total income " in relation to

any person means the total income of that person from

all sources estimated, as the case may be, either in

accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Acts

as they apply to income tax chargeable at the standard

rate or in accordance with those provisions as they

apply to sur-tax.

Provisions

with respect

to income

tax chargeable by way

of deduction.

Provided that this subsection shall not—

(a) apply to the deduction to be made under

Rule 1 of No. VIII. in Schedule A.; or

(b) affect the first proviso to Rule 4 of the said

No. VIII. relating to deductions in Scotland.

(2) In estimating under the Income Tax Acts the

total income of any person, any income which is

chargeable with income tax by way of deduction at the

standard rate in force for any year shall be deemed to

be income of that year, and any deductions which are

allowable on account of sums payable under deduction

of income tax at the standard rate in force for any year

out of the property or profits of .that person shall be

allowed as deductions in respect of that year, notwithstanding that the income or sums, as the case may be,

accrued or will accrue in whole or in part before or after

that year.

39. — (1) Such of the provisions of the Income Tax

Acts as provide that income tax may be deducted from

any payment at the rate or rates of tax in force during the

period through which the payment was accruing due, or

that there may be deducted from any dividend the tax

appropriate thereto, or that a proportionate deduction

of the tax charged shall be allowed by any person out of

any produce or value payable to him, shall have effect

as if they provided that tax may be deducted or shall be

allowed at the standard rate for the year in which the

amount payable becomes due:

58

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Substitution of

reliefs by

way of deductions

from tax for

reliefs by

way of deductions

from assessable income,

&c.

(3) Where a person is required to be assessed and

charged with income tax in respect of any property,

profits or gains out of which he makes any payment in

respect of any annual interest, annuity or other annual

sum, or any royalty or other sum in respect of the user

of a patent, he shall, in respect of so much of the property, profits or gains as is equal to the said payment

and may be deducted in computing his total income, be

charged at the standard rate only.

40. — (1) The enactments set out in Part I of the

Fifth Schedule to this Act in so far as they provide for

relief from income tax either by means of a deduction

from assessable income or from the amount of earned

income or from the amount of total income, shall, subject

to the amendments specified in the third column of the

said Part I, have effect as if the} 7 provided for relief from

income tax by means of a deduction from the amount of

income tax with which any individual is chargeable equal

to tax at the standard rate on the amount of the

deduction from income to which he would have been

entitled under the said provisions:

Provided that the amount of any deduction under

this subsection shall be subject to such adjustment as

may be proper in any case where relief is given in respect

of Dominion income tax.

(2) Every individual shall, in substitution for the

relief under section twenty-three of the Finance Act,

1920, be entitled to have the amount of the income

tax which remains chargeable on him in respect of his

total income after there has been made any deduction of

tax to Avhich he is entitled under subsection (1) of this

section reduced by a further deduction equal to one-half

of the amount so remaining chargeable or equal to

one-lialf the tax at the standard rate on two hundred

and twenty-five pounds, whichever is the less:

Provided that, where an individual has received

relief from United Kingdom income tax in respect of

Dominion income tax, the deduction to be made under

this subsection shall not be less than it would have been

if no such relief had been given, but nothing in this

subsection shall affect any adjustment required to be made

under subsection (3) of section twenty-seven of the

Finance Act, 1920 (which provides for an adjustment

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

59

where relief in respect of Dominion income tax has been

allowed in respect of any part of the income of any

individual at a rate greater than the rate appropriate to

his case).

(3) Where under the provisions of the Income Tax

Acts an individual is entitled to claim relief from income

tax (other than relief in respect of life insurance premiums), by repayment or otherwise, in respect of any

amount which is paid or borne by him out of his income

or which is allowable or may be deducted therefrom, or in

respect of any reduction of an assessment relating to his

income or any part thereof, or in respect of any adjustment or set off with regard to a loss, and claims that

relief for any year of assessment, any relief granted

shall not extend so as to make the total income tax paid

or payable by that individual for that year less than it

would have been if the amount in respect of which relief

is claimed had been deducted in computing his total

income for that year and the amount of any other

deductions or reliefs to which he is entitled for that year

had been determined accordingly.

(4) Any reference in any provision of the Income

Tax Acts to any allowance or deduction which is replaced

by a relief under this section shall be construed as a

reference to such last-mentioned relief.

41.—(1) A claim for a deduction of tax under the

last preceding section of this Act shall be delivered to

the surveyor and shall be made in such form as the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct.

(2) Where the surveyor objects to any such claim

it shall be heard and determined by the commissioners

concerned in like manner as in the ease of an appeal

against an assessment under Schedule D, and the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to a statement

of a case for the opinion of the High Court on a point of

law shall apply.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, all the

provisions of the Income Tax .Acts relating to claims for

any allowance or deduction shall, with any necessary

modifications, apply to claims to which this section

relates:

Provisions

with respect

to making

and determination of

claims.

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the

provisions of section twenty of the Finance Act, 1926

60

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to date

of payment,

assessment,

&c. of surtax.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 14.

(which relates to the making of claims by certain individuals who are not resident in the United Kingdom).

42.—(1) Sur-tax shall be due and payable as a

deferred instalment of income tax on or before the first

day of January next after the end of the year of assessment for which it is payable, except that sur-tax or any

part of any sur-tax included in an assessment which is

signed and allowed on or after the said first day of January

shall be deemed to be due and payable on the day next

after the day on which the assessment is signed and

allowed.

(2) Sur-tax shall be assessed and charged by the

Special Commissioners, and, notwithstanding anything in

the Income Tax Acts providing for the separate assessment of income arising from different sources, shall be

assessed and charged in one sum.

(3) The Special Commissioners may make an assessment or additional assessment in respect of sur-tax

during any time within the year of assessment or within

the period allowed by the Income Tax Acts for the

making of assessments and additional assessments in

respect of income tax charged at the standard rate, and

section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1923 (which provides for relief in respect of error or mistake) shall, with

any necessary modifications, apply to sur-tax as it applies

to tax charged under an assessment under Schedule D.

(4) Where an assessment to income tax made at

the standard rate has under the provisions of the

Income Tax Acts become final and conclusive for any

year, the assessment shall also be final and conclusive

for the purpose of estimating total income for the purpose of sur-tax for that year, and no allowance or

adjustment of liability on the ground of diminution of

income or loss shall be taken into account in estimating

the total income for that purpose, unless that allowance

or adjustment has been previously made in respect of the income tax charged at the standard rate on an

application under the special provisions of the Income

Tax Acts relating thereto.

(5) For the purpose of charging sur-tax, there shall

be deducted from the total income of an individual in

the service of the Crown abroad, any such sum as the

Treasury may allow for expenses which, in their opinion.

1927. Finance Act, 1927. Ch. 10.

are necessarily incidental to the discharge of the

functions of his office, and for which an allowance

has not already been made.

(6) Relief from United Kingdom income tax in

respect of Dominion income tax shall not be taken into

account in computing sur-tax, but shall be given from

income tax charged or chargeable at the standard rate.

(7) Assessments in respect of sur-tax shall be subject

to appeal to the Special Commissioners except on such

matters as under subsection (4) of this section are to be

regarded as having been finally and conclusively determined, and all the provisions of the Income Tax Acts

relating—

(a) to persons who are to be chargeable with income

tax at the standard rate and to assessments to

such tax;

(b) to appeals against such assessments;

(c) to the collection and recovery of such tax;

(d) to cases to be stated for the opinion of the

High Court;

shall, so far as they are applicable, apply to the

charge, assessment, collection and recovery of sur-tax,

and the Special Commissioners shall, for the purpose

of assessment of sur-tax, have any powers of a surveyor

and, for the purpose of the representation of the

Crown on any appeal before the Special Commissioners, any person nominated in that behalf by

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall have the

same power at, and upon the determination of, the

appeal as a surveyor has at, and upon the determination of, any appeal relating to income tax at the

standard rate.

(8) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may

make regulations for the purpose of carrying into effect

the provisions of this Act relating to sur-tax.

(9) If an application is made for the purpose in such

manner and form as may be prescribed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, by either a husband or wife,

before the sixth day of July in the year next following

the year of assessment:—

(a) Sur-tax for that year shall be assessed, charged

and recovered on the income of the husband

01

62

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to

require

returns of

income from

all sources.

and on the income of the wife as if they were

not married, and all the provisions of this Act

with respect to the assessment, charge and

recovery of sur-tax, and the penalties for failure

to make a return, shall apply as if they were

not married; and

(b) The income of the husband and wife shall be

treated as one in estimating total income for

the purposes of sur-tax, and the amount of

sur-tax payable in respect of the total income

shall be divided between the husband and wife

in proportion to the amounts of their respective

incomes and the total amount payable shall not

be less than it would have been if an application had not been made under this section.

The Special Commissioners may require returns to

be made at any time for the purpose of this subsection.

(10) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, all the provisions of the Income Tax Acts which are

in force as from the date of the commencement of this

Part of this Act (other than Part II of the Income Tax

Act, 1918), shall, in so far as they relate to super-tax or

to any matter or thing touching super-tax, continue to

have effect and be construed as relating also to sur-tax

and to any similar matter or thing touching sur-tax, and

as if, in the case of any individual liable to sur-tax, a

return which he has been required to make under

subsection (1) of the next following section of this Act

were a return which he had been required to make of

his total income for the purposes of super-tax.

43.—(1) The provisions of the Income Tax Acts

which direct that persons shall prepare and deliver statements of profits or gains shall be extended so as to

require any individual upon whom a particular notice is

served for that purpose to prepare and deliver within

the time limited by such notice a true and correct return

in the prescribed form of all the sources of his income

and of the amount derived from each source for the year

preceding the year of assessment, computed in accordance

with the provisions of the Income Tax Acts, as amended

by this Act:

Provided that the computation of income shall be

made by reference to the year preceding the year of

Ch. 10.

03

1027. Finance Act, 1027.

assessment and not by reference to any other year or

period.

(2) Any particular notice which under the provisions

of the Income Tax Acts (including subsection (1) of this

section) may be given to any person requiring him to

prepare and deliver any such lists, declarations, statements or returns as are required by the Income Tax

Acts to be delivered (other than a notice requiring the

delivery of a statement of the* annual value of lands

and tenements for the purposes of assessment under

Schedule A or Schedule B) shall be given by the surveyor

and not by the assessor, and any list, declaration, statement or return which the person to whom the notice

is given is required to make shall be delivered to the

surveyor, but nothing in this subsection shall affect the

operation of section one hundred and seventeen of the

Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relates to the powers of

assessors for public departments).

(3) Any such lists, declarations, statements and

returns as are referred to in subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall be in such form as the Commissioners

of Inland Revenue shall prescribe, and in prescribing

forms under this subsection the Commissioners shall have

regard to the desirability of securing, as far as may be

possible, that no person shall be required to make more

than one return annually of the sources of his income

and the amounts derived therefrom.

(4) Subject to the provisions contained in this

section, all the provisions of the Income Tax Acts

(including the provisions of any Regulations made under

those Acts) relating to the delivery of lists, declarations,

statements and returns to the assessor (including the

provisions relating to penalties) shall, with any necessary

modifications, apply to lists, declarations, statements and

returns required by this section to be delivered to the

surveyor and any such lists, declarations, statements and

returns shall be made available to the General, Additional

or Special Commissioners and their respective clerks, and,

whenever necessary, to the assessors for the preparation

and making of assessments.

44.—(1) It shall be the duty of every individual Special pro-

who, for any year of assessment, is chargeable to income visions as

tax in respect of any part of his total income at a rate refcuro

exceeding the standard rate to give notice that he is so

64

sur-tax,

&c.

Basis of

assessment

for

Schedule E,

&C.

Ch. lo. Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

chargeable to the Special Commissioners before the

thirtieth day of September next following the end of

that year.

(2) In any case in which it appears to the Special

Commissioners that the particulars contained in any

return made by any person, whether acting on his own

behalf or as representing an incapacitated, non-resident,

or deceased person, are insufficient to enable them to

assess and charge sur-tax or that any person has failed

to make a return, the Special Commissioners may serve

upon him, in manner prescribed by regulations under

this Part of this Act, a notice requiring him to make a

return of his total income or of the total income of the

incapacitated, non-resident, or deceased person, as the

case may be, and every person so required shall, whether

he is or is not chargeable with sur-tax, make such a return

in the form and within the time required by the notice.

(3) If any person fails to make any.such return

when so required or if the Special Commissioners are not

satisfied Math any return made by him, they may make

an assessment of sur-tax according to the best of their

judgment, and if any person, without reasonable excuse,

fails to make any such return as aforesaid or give any

notice required by subsection (1) of this section, he shall

be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds, and

after judgment has been given for that penalty, to a

further penalty of the like amount for every day during

which the default continues.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act, section one hundred and thirty-two of the Income

Tax Act, 1918 (which contains provisions against fraudulent practices) shall apply for the purposes of sur-tax

as it applies for purposes of income tax at the standard

rate, subject to the modification that for the words

‘‘the general commissioners for the division in which

" he has been charged, or if he has not been charged,

" then for any division in which he is chargeable"

there shall be substituted the words "the Special Com-

" missioners."

45. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section.

Rule 1 of the Rules applicable to Schedule E shall be

construed as if for the words "for the year of assess-

" ment " there were substituted the words "and shall

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

65

" be computed on the amount of all such salaries, fees,

" wages, perquisites or profits whatsoever therefrom for

" the year preceding the year of assessment ":

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect the

basis of assessment—

(a) in -any case falling within section seventeen of the Finance Act, 1923, which provides for

income tax on leave pay, etc., to be chargeable

under Schedule E; or

(b) in the case of any office or employment held or

exercised occasionally or intermittently in the

United Kingdom by a person who is not continuously resident there; or

(c) in the case of the half-yearly assessments on

weekly wage earners employed by way of manual

labour.

(2) Any deduction from emoluments allowed under

the provisions of the Income Tax Acts for the purpose of

computing an assessment to income tax under Schedule E

shall be made by reference to the amount paid or borne

for the year or portion of the year upon the emoluments

of which the computation is made.

(3) Any person who was assessed and charged under

Schedule E for the year 1927-28 in respect of any office

or employment or of any annuity, pension or stipend

and was so assessed and charged on the amount of the

emoluments for that year shall, on giving notice in

writing to the surveyor not later than the thirtieth day

of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, be entitled

to require that any assessment under Schedule E for the

year 1928-29 in respect of that office or employment

or that annuity, pension or stipend shall be reduced to

the amount of the emoluments for that last-mentioned

year, if that amount is less than the amount of the

emoluments of the preceding year, and thereupon the

assessment shall be so reduced and any tax overpaid

shall be repaid:

Provided that, where an assessment under Schedule E

has been reduced for the year 1928-29 under the provisions of this subsection, the assessment under that

Schedule for the year 1929-30 in respect of the office or

employment or the annuity, pension or stipend shall be

E

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

made on the amount of the emoluments thereof for that

last-mentioned year.

(4) In the case of income tax chargeable under

Schedule E in respect of any office or employment held

by any person, or any annuity, pension or stipend to

which any person is entitled—

(i) income tax shall be computed, as respects the

year of assessment in which the person first

holds the office or employment, or becomes

entitled to the annuity, pension or stipend, on

the amount of hia emoluments for that year;

(ii) where the person first held the office or employment, or became entitled to the annuity, pension

or stipend, on some day in the year preceding

the year of assessment other than the sixth day

of April, income tax shall be computed on the

amount of the emoluments for the year of

assessment;

(iii) where the person first held the office or employment, or became entitled to the annuity, pension

or stipend, on the sixth day of April in the year

preceding the year of assessment, or on some

day in the year next before the year preceding

the year of assessment other than the sixth day

of April, he shall be entitled, on giving notice

in writing to the surveyor within twelve months

after the end of the year of assessment, to

require that his emoluments shall be charged on

the amount thereof for that year and if the tax

charged has been paid, any tax overpaid shall

be repaid.

(5) Where in any year of assessment a person ceases

to hold an office or employment or to be entitled to an

annuity, pension or stipend chargeable under Schedule E,

tax shall be charged for that year on the amount of his

emoluments for the period beginning on the sixth day of

April in that year and ending on the date of the

cessation, and, if tax has been charged otherwise than in

accordance with this provision, any tax overpaid shall

be repaid, or an additional assessment may be made, as

the case may require, and if the emoluments for the year

ending on the fifth day of April in the year preceding the

year of assessment in which the cessation occurs exceed

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

67

the amount on which tax has been charged for that

preceding year in respect of the office, employment,

annuity, pension or stipend, an additional assessment

may be made so that tax shall be charged for that

preceding year on the amount of the emoluments for the

said year ending on the fifth day of April.

(6) In the case of the death of a person in whose

case, if he had not died, tax would, under the provisions

of the last preceding subsection, have become chargeable

for any year, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or

administrators, and shall be a debt due from and payable

out of his estate.

(7) Where any person has ceased to hold an office

or employment under a railway company or has ceased

to be entitled to any pension paid by a railway company,

such part of any tax assessed and charged upon the

company under Rule 7 of the Rules applicable to

Schedule E in respect of that office, employment or

pension as cannot be deducted out of emoluments shall

be collected and levied from that person or from his

executors or administrators, as the case may be, as if

he or they had been chargeable and charged with the

said tax.

(8) Section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1923

(which provides for relief in respect of error or mistake),

shall apply to tax charged under an assessment to

income tax made under Schedule E as it applies to tax

charged under an assessment to income tax made under

Schedule D.

(9) Rules 2, 3 and 5 of the Rules applicable to

Schedule E shall cease to have effect as regards assessments under that Schedule in the case of which the

basis of assessment is affected by this section.

(10) In this section the expression "emoluments "

means all salaries, fees, wages, perquisites or profits or

gains whatsoever arising from an office or employment,

or the amount of any annuity, pension or stipend, as

the case may be.

46. The amendments set out in Part II of the Fifth Minor

Schedule to this Act, being amendments consequential amend-

on the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act, shall mente -

be made in sections twenty-five and twenty-seven of the

68

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Construction and

commencement of

Part III.

and repeal.

Amount of

New Sinking

Fund (1923)

for 1926-27.

Finance Act, 1920, and the amendments specified in the

second column of Part III of the said Fifth Schedule

(which are further consequential amendments or amendments which relate to minor details) shall be made in

the provisions of the enactments specified in the first

column of that Part of that Schedule.

47.—(1) The provisions of the Income Tax Acts

shall, in relation to matters dealt with in this Part of this Act, have effect subject to the provisions of this

Part of this Act and shall, so far as inconsistent therewith, cease to have effect, and subject as aforesaid this

Part of this Act shall be construed as one with the

Income Tax Acts.

(2) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall,

except as otherwise expressly provided, come into

operation on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight, but shall not apply to any duties of

income tax or super-tax granted by Parliament before

the commencement of this Part of this Act or to any

super-tax for the year 1928-29 or to any enactment

or matter touching any such duties or any such supertax, and all enactments relating to income tax or

super-tax which are in force immediately before the

commencement of this Part of this Act shall continue

to have effect in relation to any such duties or any

such super-tax as if this Part of this Act had not

passed, notwithstanding that those enactments are

inconsistent with the provisions of or are expressly

repealed by this Part of this Act.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act the enactments set out in Part I of the Sixth Schedule to this Act

shall be repealed to the extent mentioned in the third

column of that Schedule as from the dates respectively

mentioned therein.

Part IV.

Miscellaneous and General.

48. The amount of the New Sinking Fund (1923)

shall, as respects the current financial year, be increased

by the sum of fifteen million pounds, and section thirty-

two of the Finance Act, 1923, shall, as respects that

year, have effect accordingly.

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

69

49 . There shall, in accordance with the directions Transfer

of the Treasury, be transferred to the Exchequer from of sum

the Road Fund constituted under the Roads Act, 1920,

a sum representing the amount of the cash balance and E xc h e quer

investments which were on the thirty-first day of March, iq & n

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, standing to the Geo. 5. c. 72.

credit of that fund: Provided that such sum shall not

exceed twelve million pounds.

50 . Section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1920 Continu-

(which provides that amounts applied out of revenue in ance during

paying ofi debt are to be deemed expenditure within the

meaning of sections four and five of the Sinking Fund year 0 f a 8 58

Act, 1875), shall apply in relation to the current financial of 10 & 11

year as it applied in relation to the financial year ending Geo. 5. o. 18.

on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and 38 & 39 Vict,

twenty-one.

51 . Section sixteen of the Finance Act, 1907 (which Relief under

provides that settled property to which subsection (2) of e. 16 of

section twelve of the Finance Act, 1900, applies, instead Finance

of being aggregated with other property to a limited

extent only under the said section twelve, shall, in the t j on

case of persons dying on or after the nineteenth day of certain

April, nineteen hundred and seven, be treated as an settled

estate by itself), shall be repealed so far as relates to property to

persons dying after the commencement of this Act: T*Edw 7

Provided that, where an interest in expectancy °- 13 -

within the meaning of Part I. of the Finance Act, 1894, 6 3 & 64 Vict 64 Vict.

in any property has before the eleventh day of April, c ' '

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, been bona fide g 7 68 ict ’

sold or mortgaged for full consideration in money or

money’s worth, then no other duty on that property

shall be payable by the purchaser or mortgagee when

the interest falls into possession than would have been

payable if this section had not passed, and in the case

of a mortgage any higher duty payable by the mortgagor shall rank as a charge subsequent to that of the

mortgagee.

52 . Where the Commissioners of Inland Revenue Provisions]

are satisfied that, under a settlement of which the forum with respect

of administration is in Northern Ireland, succession duty *°

has been paid, or is payable, in Northern Ireland in Nation ‘ 0

respect of any settled, personal or movable property by certain oaaea

reason of the death of a person dying on or after the where sue-

70

cession duty

is payable

in Northern

Ireland.

Authorisation of disclosure of

information

in connection with

taxes to

officers of

Northern

Ireland

Government.

Amendment

of s. 12 of

Finance

Act, 1898.

61 &62Viofc-

o. 10.

Belief from

capital and

transfer

stamp duty

in case of

reconstructions or

amalgamations of

companies.

Ch. 10. Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

twenty-second day of November, nineteen hundred and

twenty-one, a sum equal to the amount of that duty

shall be allowed from the legacy duty or succession

duty payable in Great Britain in respect of that property

on the same death.

53 . The obligation as to secrecy imposed by any

enactment with regard to any tax placed under the

care and management of the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue shall not prevent the disclosure by any authorised officer of those Commissioners to any authorised

officer of the Government of Northern Ireland of information necessary for the purpose of determining the

liability of any person to any tax or the title of any

person to repayment or allowance of any tax placed

under the care and management of the Ministry of

Finance for Northern Ireland.

54 . —(1) Section twelve of the Finance Act, 1898

(which grants an exemption from land tax), shall have

effect as if for the words "for that year" where they

firstly and secondly occur in the said section as amended

by section sixty-three of the Finance Act, 1920, there

were substituted the words "for the year ending on

" the fifth day of April in the year for which the land

" tax is assessed."

(2) This section shall have effect as respects the

year ending on the twenty-fourth day of March, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine, and every subsequent year.

55 . — (1)If in connection with a scheme for the

reconstruction of any company or companies or the

amalgamation of any companies it is shown to the

satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue

that there exist the following conditions, that is to say—

(a) that a company with limited liability is to be

registered, or that since the commencement of this Act a company has been incorporated by

letters patent or Act of Parliament, or the

nominal share capital of a company has been

increased;

(b) that the company (in this section referred to as

"the transferee company") is to be registered

or has been incorporated or has increased its

capital with a view to the acquisition either of

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

71

the undertaking of, or of not less than ninety

per cent, of the issued share capital of, any

particular existing company;

(c) that the consideration for the acquisition (except

such part thereof as consists in the transfer to

or discharge by the transferee company of

liabilities of the existing company) consists as

to not less than ninety per cent, thereof—

(i) where an undertaking is to be acquired,

in the issue of shares in the transferee company to the existing company or to holders

of shares in the existing company; or

(ii) where shares are to be acquired, in the

issue of shares in the transferee company to

the holders of shares in the existing company

in exchange for the shares held by them in

the existing company;

then, subject to the provisions of this section, —

(A) The nominal share capital of the transferee company, or the amount by which the capital of the transferee

company has been increased, as the case may be, shall,

for the purpose of computing the stamp duty chargeable

in respect of that capital, be treated as being reduced by

either—

(i) an amount equal to the amount of the share

capital of the existing company in respect of

which stamp duty has been paid, or, in the case

of the acquisition of a part of an undertaking,

equal to such proportion of the said share

capital as the value of that part of the undertaking bears to the whole value of the undertaking; or

(ii) the amount to be credited as paid up on the

shares to be issued as such consideration as

aforesaid,

whichever amount is the less; and

(B) Stamp duty under the heading " Conveyance

or Transfer on Sale " in the First Schedule to the Stamp

Act, 1891, shall not be chargeable on any instrument

made for the purposes of or in connection with the

transfer of the undertaking or shares, nor shall any such

duty be chargeable under section twelve of the Finance 58 & 59

Act, 1895, on a copy of any Act of Parliament, or on Vict. c. 16.

72

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

8 Ethv. 7.

c. 69.

any instrument vesting, or relating to the vesting of,

the undertaking or shares in the transferee company:

Provided that—

(a) no such instrument shall be deemed to be

duly stamped unless either it is stamped with

the duty to which it would but for this

section be liable or it has in accordance with

the provisions of section twelve of the Stamp

Act, 1891, been stamped with a particular

stamp denoting either that it is not chargeable with any duty or that it is duly stamped;

and

(b) in the case of an instrument made for the purposes of or in connection with a transfer to a

company within the meaning of the Companies

(Consolidation) Act, 1908, the provisions of

paragraph (B) of this subsection shall not

apply unless the instrument is either—

(i) executed within a period of twelve

months from the date of the registration of the transferee company or the date of the

resolution for the increase of the nominal

share capital of the transferee company, as

the case may be; or

(ii) made for the purpose of effecting a

conveyance or transfer in pursuance of an

agreement which has been filed, or particulars of which have been filed, with the

registrar of companies within the said

period of twelve months.

(2) For the purposes of a claim for exemption under

paragraph (B) of subsection (1) of this section, a company

which has, in connection with a scheme of reconstruction

or amalgamation, issued any unissued share capital shall

be treated as if it had increased its nominal share

capital.

(3) A company shall not be deemed to be a particular

existing company within the meaning of this section

unless it is provided by the memorandum of association

of, or the letters patent or Act incorporating, the

transferee company that one of the objects for which

the company is established is the acquisition of the

undertaking of, or shares in, the existing company, or

1027 .

Finance Act, 1927.

C'h. 10.

unless it appears from the resolution, Act or other

authority for the increase of the capital of the transferee

company that the increase is authorised for the purpose

of acquiring the undertaking of, or shares in, the existing

company.

(4) In a case where the undertaking? of or shares

in two or more companies are to be acquired, the amount

of the reduction to be allowed under this section in

respect of the stamp duty chargeable in respect of the

nominal share capital or the increase of the capital of a

company shall be computed separately in relation to each

of those companies.

(5) Where a claim is made for exemption under this

section, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may

require the delivery to them of a statutory declaration

in such form as they may direct, made in England by a

solicitor of the Supreme Court or in Scotland by an

enrolled law agent, and of such further evidence, if any,

as the Commissioners may reasonably require.

(6) If-

(a) where any claim for exemption from duty under

this section has been allowed, it is subsequently

found that any declaration or other evidence

furnished in support of the claim was untrue

in any material particular, or that the conditions specified in subsection (1) of tins

section are not fulfilled in the reconstruction

or amalgamation as actually carried out; or

(b) where shares in the transferee company have

been issued to the existing company in

consideration of the acquisition, the existing

company within a period of two years from

the date, as the case may be, of the registration or incorporation, or of the authority

for the increase of the capital, of the transferee company ceases, otherwise than in consequence of reconstruction, amalgamation or

liquidation, to be the beneficial owner of the

shares so issued to it; or

(c) where any such exemption has been allowed

in connection with the acquisition by the

transferee company of shares in 'another

company, the transferee company within a

74:

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

period of two years from the date of its

registration or incorporation or of the authority for the increase of its capital, as the case

may be, ceases, otherwise than in consequence

of reconstruction, amalgamation or liquidation, to be the beneficial owner of the shares

so acquired;

the exemption shall be deemed not to have been allowed,

and an amount equal to the duty remitted shall

become payable forthwith, and shall be recoverable

from the transferee company as a debt due to His

Majesty, together with interest thereon at the rate

of five per cent, per amium in the case of duty remitted under paragraph (A) of subsection (1) of this

section from the date of the registration or incorporation

of the transferee company or the increase of its capital,

as the case may be, and in the case of duty remitted

under paragraph (B) of the said subsection from the

date on which it would have become chargeable if this Act had not passed.

(7) If in the case of any scheme of reconstruction or

amalgamation the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are

satisfied that at the proper time for making a claim for

exemption from duty under subsection (1) of this section

there were in existence all the necessary conditions for

such exemption other than the condition that not less

than ninety per cent, of the issued share capital of the

existing company would be acquired by the transferee

company, the Commissioners may, if it is proved to

their satisfaction that not less than ninety per cent, of the issued capital of the existing company has under

the scheme been acquired within a period of six months

from the earlier of the tw T o following dates, that is to

say—

(a) the last day of the period of one month after

the first allotment of shares made for the

purposes of the acquisition; or

(b) the date on which an invitation was issued to

the shareholders of the existing company to

accept shares in the transferee company;

and on production of the instruments on which the

duty paid has been impressed, direct repayment to be

made of such an amount of duty as w T ould have been

Ch. 10.

75

1927. Finance Act, 1927.

remitted if the said condition had been originally

fulfilled.

(8) In this section, unless the context otherwise

requires—

References to the undertaking of an existing company

include references to a part of the undertaking of

an existing company:

The expression "shares " includes stock.

56. No instrument chargeable with stamp duty Provision as

under the heading " Letter or Power of Attorney, and to stamp

" Commission, Factory, Mandate, or other instrument in dut y on

" the nature thereof " in the First Schedule to the attorney

Stamp Act, 1891, shall be charged with duty more than

once by reason only that more persons than one are

named in the instrument as donors or donees (whether

jointly, severally or otherwise), of the powers thereby

conferred or that those powers relate to more than one

matter.

57 . —(1)Parti, of this Act so far as it relates to Construc-

duties of customs shall be construed together with the t i on stlort

Customs (Consolidation) Act, 1876, and any Acts g^tion and '

amending that Act, and the said Part I. so far as it reiHjal

relates to duties of excise shall be construed together 39*49 Vict,

with the Acts which relate to the duties of excise and 0 . 36.

the management of those duties, and the expression

" the Commissioners " in the said Part I. means the

Commissioners of Customs and Excise.

(2) Part II. of this Act shall be construed together

with the Income Tax Acts.

(3) Any reference in this Act to any enactment shall

be construed as a reference to that enactment as amended

by any subsequent enactment, including this Act.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1927.

(5) Such of the provisions as relate to matters with

respect to which the Parliament of Northern Ireland

has power to make laws shall not extend to Northern

Ireland.

(6) The enactments set out in Part II. of the Sixth

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

76

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Section 5.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Description of Wine.

Part I.

Not exceeding 25 degrees proof spirit -

Exceeding 25 degrees and not exceeding 30 degrees,

if in a Customs or Excise warehouse on the twenty-

fourth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven, and delivered for home consumption between

the twenty-fourth day of July, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven, and the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight -

Exceeding 25 degrees and not exceeding 42 degrees

and not being wine chargeable under this part of this schedule with duty at the rate of five shillings

per gallon ----

Every degree or fraction of a degree above 42 degrees,

an additional duty.

Sparkling, an additional duty -

Still, in bottle, an additional duty -

Past n.

Not exceeding 27 degrees proof spirit -

Exceeding 27 degrees and not exceeding 42 degrees -

Every degree or fraction of a degree above 42 degrees,

an additional duty ----

Sparkling, an additional duty -

Still, in bottle, an additional duty -

Rate of

Duty

per Gallon.

s. d.

3 0

5 0

8 0

0 8

12 6

2 0

2 0

4 0

0 4

6 3

1 0

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

77

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 7.

Tobacco.

Part I.

Customs Duties.

Upon tobacco unmanufactured, viz. :—

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof — «. d.

Unstripped - the pound 8 10

Stripped- - the pound 8 10J

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof—

Unstripped .... the pound 9 9.1

Stripped ---- the pound 9 10

Upon tobacco manufactured, viz. :—

Cigars the pound 16 10

Cigarettes the pound 13 7

Cavendish or Negrohead - - the pound 12 10

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured in bond

the pound 11 21

Other manufactured tobacco - - the pound 11 21

Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof ... the pound 10 7

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in

every 100 lbs. weight thereof - - the pound 12 10

Part II.

Excise Duties.

Upon tobacco unmanufactured, viz. :—

Tobacco containing 10 pounds or more of moisture

in every 100 pounds weight thereof the pound

Tobacco containing less than 10 pounds of moisture

in every 100 pounds weight thereof the pound

Upon tobacco manufactured, viz. :—

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured in bond

the pound

and so in proportion for any less quantity.

8. d.

6 7 1

7 4 *

8 7 *

78

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927, 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

2nd Sea.

— cont.

Part III.

Drawback.

Rate per pound.

Description of Tobacco.

In respect of

tobacco on which

full customs

duty has been

paid.

In respect of

tobacco on which

customs duty at

a preferential rate

or excise duty,

has been paid.

8. d.

* . d.

Cigars.

10 0J

7 8 *

Cigarettes .....

Cut, roll, cake, or other manufac-

9 10

7 6|

tured tobacco ....

9 6|

7 4

SnuS (not being offal snuff)

Stalks, shorts or other refuse of

9 3J

7 n

tobacco, including offal snuff

9 0J

0 11J

Section 8.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Matches.

Part I.

Customs Duties.

Containers in which there are not more than 10 matches— s. d.

For every 1,000 such containers - 6 2

Containers in which there are more than 10 matches, but

not more than 20 matches—

For every 1,000 such containers - - 12 4

Containers in which there are more than 20 matches, but

not more than 50 matches—

For every 144 such containers - - 4 4

In respect of every additional 25 matches, or part of

25 matches, over 50 in a container—

For every 144 such containers, an additional duty of 2 2

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

79

Part II.

Excise Duties.

Containers in which there are not more than 10 matches— s. d.

For every 1,000 such containers - 6 0

Containers in which there are more than 10 matches, but

not more than 20 matches—

For every 1,000 such containers - -12 0

Containers in which there are more than 20 matches, but

not more than 50 matches—

For every 144 such containers - 4 2

In respect of every additional 25 matches, or part of

25 matches, over 50 in a container—

For every 144 such containers, an additional duty of - 2 1

and so in proportion for any less number of containers.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Amended Rates op Duty in the case op certain

Mechanically-Propelled Vehicles.

Amendments to be made in paragraph 4 of the Second Schedule

to the Finance Act, 1920.

1. In sub-paragraph (2) for the words "used for haulage

" solely in connection with agriculture " there shall be substituted

the words "being vehicles registered under the Roads Act, 1920,

" in the name of a person engaged in agriculture and used solely

" by that person for the haulage of the produce of. or of articles

" required for the purposes of, the agricultural land which he

" occupies, and for no other purpose."

2. Sub-paragraph (3) shall cease to have effect.

3. In sub-paragraph (4) for the words "used at anytime

" otherwise than in connection with agriculture " there shall be

substituted the words "other than any such vehicles in respect

" of which duty is chargeable under sub-paragraph (1) or sub-

" paragraph (2) of this paragraph."

3nD Sch.

— cont.

Section 11.

80

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

4th Sch.

— cont.

Amendments to be made in paragraph 5 of the Second Schedule

to the Finance Act, 1920.

For the words "Being vehicles other than electrically

" propelled vehicles " there shall be substituted the following :—

" (b)Being vehicles registered under the Roads Act, 1920,

in the name of a person following the business of a

travelling showman, which are permanently fitted with

a living van or some other special type of body or

superstructure, forming part of the equipment of his

show, and used solely by him for the purpose of his

business, and for no other purpose—

Not exceeding 12 cwt. in weight unladen - 10

Exceeding 12 cwt. but not exceeding 1 ton

in weight unladen - - - 16

Exceeding 1 ton but not exceeding 2 tons in

weight unladen - - - 21

Exceeding 2 tons but not exceeding 3 tons

in weight unladen - - - 25

Exceeding 3 tons but not exceeding 4 tons

in weight unladen - - - 2S

Exceeding 4 tons in weight unladen - - 30

With an additional duty, in any case if used

for drawing a trailer, of - -6

" (c) Being vehicles registered under the Roads Act, 1920

in the name of a person engaged in agriculture and

used solely by that person for the purpose of the conveyance of the produce of, or of articles required for the

purposes of, the agricultural land which he occupies, and

for no other purpose—

Not exceeding 12 cwt. in weight unladen - 10

Exceeding 12 cwt. but not exceeding 1 ton

in weight unladen - - - 16

Exceeding 1 ton but not exceeding 2 tons in

w eight unladen - - - 21

Exceeding 2 tons in weight unladen - - 25

" (d) Being vehicles other than vehicles chargoable with

duty under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph."

The following shall be inserted at the end of the paragraph—

"For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph (c), a

vehicle registered under the Roads Act, 1920, in the name

of a person engaged in agriculture shall not be deemed to

be used otherwise than solely by that person for the

purpose of the conveyance of the produce of, or of

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

81

articles required for the purposes of, the agricultural land

which he occupies by reason only that on an occasion

when the vehicle is being used by that person for that

purpose it is also used for the conveyance for some

other person engaged in agriculture of the produce of,

or articles required for the purposes of, agricultural land

occupied by that other person, if it is shown—

(a) that the vehicle is so used only occasionally;

(b) that the goods conveyed for that other person

represent only a small proportion of the total

amount of goods which the vehicle is conveying

on that occasion;

(c) that no payment or reward of any kind is, or is

agreed to be, made or given for tho conveyance

of the goods of that other person."

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Enactment.

Subject Matter.

Amendment.

The Finance Act,

1920:

Section 17 -

Deductions to be al-

Section 18 -

lowed in ascertaining taxable income.

Personal allowance

In subsection (2) the

Section 19 -

Deduction in respect

words " an amount

" equal to five-sixths "

shall be substituted

for the words "an

" amount equal to

" nine-tenths."

of relatives taking

charge of widower’s

or widow’s children.

F

4th Sch.

— cont.

Section 40.

82

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

6th Sch.

— cont.

Section 46.

Enactment.

Subject Matter.

Amendment.

The Finance Act,

1920 — cont.

Section 20 -

Deduction in respect

of widowed mother.

Section 21 -

Deduction in respect

of children.

Section 22 -

The Finance Act,

1925:

Deduction in respect

of dependent relatives.

Section 15 -

Allowances in respect

of earned income

and allowances from

total income of persons of the age of

sixty-five years.

Part II.

1. Amendments of section 25 of Finance Act, 1920.

The following shall be substituted for paragraphs (6) and (c)

of subsection (1) of the section :—

" (b)The income of the husband and wife shall be aggregated

in estimating the amount to be repaid or deducted in

respect of the deductions or relief aforesaid, and such

amount shall not exceed the total amount that would

have been repaid or deducted on account of such

deductions or relief if such application as aforesaid had

not been made; and

(c) The benefit of any such deduction or relief may be given

either by way of reduction of the amount of the tax to

be paid or by repayment of any excess of tax which

has been paid, or by both of these means, as the case

requires, and shall be given to the husband and the

wife—

(i) as regards the deduction in respect of earned income in proportion to the amounts of their respective

earned incomes;

(ii) as regards any deduction or reduction under

subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Finance Act,

1925, in proportion to the amounts of their respective

total incomes;

(iii) as regards any other deductions in proportion

to the amounts of tax which would have been payable

1927. Finance Act, 1927. Ch. 10.

by them respectively, if the only deductions allowable

had been the deduction referred to in the foregoing

sub-paragraph (i) or the deduction or reduction

referred to in the foregoing sub-paragraph (ii), as the

case may be; and

(iv) as regards relief given under section thirty-two

of the Income Tax Act, 1918, to the husband or

wife, as the case may be, by whom the payment is

made:

Provided that in the case of a deduction in respect

of a dependent relative or in respect of a child under

subsection (2) of section twenty-one of this Act, the

deduction shall be given to that one of the married

persons by whom the relative or child is maintained."

2. Amendments of section 27 of Finance Act, 1920.

(i) Subsection (1).—In paragraphs (a) and (6) the words

" appropriate rate of United Kingdom income tax " shall be

substituted for the words "appropriate rate of United Kingdom

tax, " and the last paragraph of the subsection shall be omitted.

(ii) Subsection (3). —The reference to the relief relating to

the rate of tax on the first two hundred and twenty-five pounds

of taxable income shall be construed as a reference to the relief

substituted by Part III of this Act for the relief under section

twenty-three of the Finance Act, 1920.

(iii) Subsection (8).—Paragraphs (b) and (c) shall be construed as if the references therein to United Kingdom super-tax

were omitted.

(iv) For the purposes of section twenty-seven a person shall

not be deemed to have paid or to be liable to pay United Kingdom income tax on such part of his income as is equal to the

amount by reference to which he is by virtue of subsection (1) of

section forty of this Act granted relief from income tax by means

of a deduction of tax.

(v) The words in paragraph (d) of subsection (8) of section

wenty-seven from " For the purposes of this section " to the end

of the section shall cease to have effect, and in lieu thereof the

following provisions shall have effect for the purposes of the said

section:—

The " appropriate rate of United Kingdom income tax " for

any year of assessment shall be as follows:—

(a) In the case of a person whose income is chargeable at

the standard rate only, a rate ascertained by dividing

the amount of tax payable by him for that year in

respect of his total income (before deduction of any

relief granted in respect of life assurance premiums or

83

6tii Sch.

— cont.

84

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

6th Sch. any relief granted under the provisions of section

— corn. twenty-seven of the Finance Act, 1920) by the amount

of his total income less any amount by reference to

which he is by virtue of subsection (1) of section forty

of this Act granted relief from income tax by means

of a deduction of tax;

(b) In the case of a person part of whose total income is

chargeable at a rate or rates in excess of the standard

rate, the sum of the following rates :—

(i) The rate which would have been the appropriate

rate in the case of that person if his income had

been chargeable at the standard rate only; and

(ii) The rate ascertained by dividing the amount

of the sur-tax payable by that person for the preceding year by the amount of his total income for

that year:

Provided that, as respects the year 1928-29, this

paragraph shall have effect as if for sub-paragraph (6) (ii)

thereof there were substituted the following words :—

" (ii) The rate ascertained by dividing the amount of

tho super-tax payable by that person for that year

by the amount of his total income from all sources

for that year as estimated for super-tax purposes."

Section 46. PART III.

Other Minor and Consequential Amendments of

Income Tax Acts.

Enactments to be

amended. Nature of amendment.

The Income Tax Act,

1918:

Section 48 - - In subsection (2) the words "standard

rate " shall be substituted for the words

" highest current rate."

Section 108 - For paragraph (a) of subsection (1) there

shall be substituted the following—

" (a) the names of all persons to

or on whom notices ought to the

best of his knowledge to be delivered

or served in pursuance of this Act."

For paragraph (b) of the said subsection (1) there shall be substituted the

following :—

" (6) the names of all persons who

are to the best of his knowledge

chargeable within the limits of the

assessor."

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

Ch. 10.

85

Enactments to be

amended.

The Income Tax Act,

1918— cont.

Section 108

Section 112

Section 123

Fifth Schedule -

The Finance Act,

1922:

Section 21

First Schedule -

Naturo of amendment.

Paragraphs (c) and (d) of subsection (1)

shall be omitted.

In subsection (2) the words "and that

" to the best of his knowledge all

" notices required to be delivered or

" served have been duly delivered or

" served " shall be omitted.

After the word "if " there shall be inserted the words "the surveyor or "

and for the words "he shall" there

shall be substituted the words "the

" assessor shall "

For the words "to the assessor of the

" parish, together with the statement

" of his profits or gains, for transmis-

" sion to the surveyor of the district "

there shall be substituted the words

" together with the statement of his

" profits or gains, to the surveyor of

" the district".

For the heading to " No. XVII." there

shall be substituted the following—

" Declarations and Statements of

" Total Income."

For the reference to the yoar of assessment in the proviso to subsection (3)

there shall, so far as relates to sur-tax,

be substituted a reference to the year

next following the year of assessment.

For the reference in paragraph 3 to subsection (6) of section seven of the

Income Tax Act, 1918, there shall, so far

as relates to sur-tax, be substituted a

reference to the corresponding provision in Part III of this Act.

In paragraph 8, after the word "member, " there shall be inserted the words

" so far as assessable and chargeable to

" super-tax under section twenty-one

" of this Act, " and the word "his, "

where it first occurs, shall be omitted.

6ra Sch.

— cont.

86

Ch. 10.

Finance Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Section 47.

Section 57.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Part I.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Income Tax

Part II. as from the sixth day

c. 40.

Act, 1918.

of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine; in the Fifth

Schedule paragraphs II to

XIV, both inclusive, and paragraph XVI as from the sixth

day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

The Finance

In section thirty-three, the de-

c. 18.

Act, 1920.

finition of "standard rate of

" tax " as from the sixth day

of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

The Finance

Subsection (2) of section twenty-

c. 14.

Act, 1923.

nine as from the sixth day of

April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

The Finance

Section twenty-nine as from the

c. 21.

Act, 1924.

sixth day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight.

Part II.

63 <fc 64 Vict.

The Finance

Subsection (2) of section twelve,

c. 7.

Act, 1900.

except so far as relates to

persons dying before the nineteenth day of April, nineteen

hundred and seven.

6 Edw. 7. c. 20.

The Revenue

Act, 1906.

In subsection (2) of section one

the words "no allowance shall

he payable under this section

on methylio alcohol, but ";

section seven so far as unrepealed.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

The Finance

In subsection (I) of section eleven

c. 89.

(No. 2) Act,

1915.

the words "as from the twen-

" tieth day of October, nine-

" toen hundred and fifteen,

" until the first day of August,

" nineteen hundred and six-

" teen."

1927.

Finance Act, 1927.

[Ch. 10, 11

87

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

The Finance

Subsection (1) of section three,

c. 11.

(New Duties)

Act, 1916.

in subsection (2) of the said

section the words from " on

matches " to " quantity and "

and from " Provided that " to

the end of the subsection, and

subsection (3) of the said section.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Income Tax

Subsection (8) of section eighty

c. 40.

Act, 1918.

and subsection (2) of section

eighty-four.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 18.

The Finance

Act, 1920.

Section seven.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

The Finance

In subsection (1) of section six-

c. 32.

Act, 1921.

teen the word "power " wherever it occurs, and subsection

(3) of the said section.

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

The Finance

In subsection (7) of section

c. 17.

Act, 1922.

twenty-one the words from

" and the " to the end of the

subsection as from the sixth

day of April, nineteen hundred

and twenty-eight.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

The Finance

In subsection (1) of section three

c. 36.

Act, 1925.

the words "other than tyres."

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

c. 22.

The Finance

Act, 1926.

Section nine.

6th Soh.

— cont.

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and twenty-eight, and to appropriate

the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[29th July 1927.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

\ the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland in Parliament assembled,

towards making good the supply which wc have cheerfully

granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament,

88

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Issue of

252, 231, 958 l

out of the

Consolidated Fund.

Power for

the Treasury to

borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

have resolverl to grant unto Your Majesty the sum

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

heseeeh Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and he it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as

follows:—

Grant out of Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight, the sum of

two hundred and fifty-two million, two hundred and

thirty-one thousand, nine hundred and fifty-eight

pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum

or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and

fifty-two million, two hundred and thirty-one thousand,

nine hundred and fifty-eight pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

and twenty-eight, and section six of the Treasury Bills

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall

not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later

than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the

money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer,

and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund,

and be available in any manner in which such Fund is

available.

1027.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11 .

89

Appkopriatk >n of Grants.

3 . All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts

mentioned in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the

supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears

by the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of

four hundred and twenty-three million, nine hundred

and forty-five thousand, three hundred and ninety-six

pounds, twelve shillings and threepence are appropriated, and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts

mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and

purposes expressed in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of an) ’

money directed under section two of the Public Accounts

and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set

forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4 . — (1)So long as the aggregate expenditure on

naval military and air services respectively is not made

to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act

for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any

vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum

realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote

over the sum which may be applied under this Act as

appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of

expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the

Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up

any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department,

or in defraying expenditure in the same department

Avhich is not provided for in the sums appropriated to

the service of the department by this Act, and which

it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone

until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the

usual course.

Appropriation of sums

voted for

supply services.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 24.

Treasury

may, in certain cases of

exigency,

authorise

expenditure

unprovided

for; provided that

the aggregate grants

for the navy

services,

army services and air

services respectively

be not exceeded.

90

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sanction for

navy and air

expenditure

for 1925-1926

unprovided

for.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

o. 67.

Declaration

required

in certain

cases before

receipt of

sums appropriated.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the

sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary

application of a surplus under this section, and showing

the circumstances under which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the naval

military and air services for the year, in order that any

temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the

Treasury under this section may be submitted for the

sanction of Parliament.

5 . Whereas under the powers given for the purpose

by the Appropriation Act, 1925, surpluses arising on

certain votes for the navy and air services respectively

have been applied as shown in the account set out in

Schedule (C) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses

as shown in the said account is hereby sanctioned.

6 . —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out

of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act

for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-

effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant

of the Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by

the warrant:

Provided that the Treasmy may dispense with the

production of a declaration under this section in respect

of any payment if such a declaration has been subscribed

within a period of seven calendar months preceding the

date of the payment.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the

purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue in

any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7 . This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Short title.

1927.

Appropri at ion Act, 1927.

Off. 11.

91

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ s. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - 423, 945, 396 12 3

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations of Grants.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1925-1926-1927.

£ d.

£ s. d.

Part 1. Civil Services and

Revenue Department Excesses, 1925-

1926

97, 549 12 3

26, 737 18 11

, 2. Army (Supplementary), 1926

, 3. Civil Services

(Supplementary), 1926

950,000 0 0

2, 158, 989 0 0

199, 531 0 0

3, 206, 538 12 3

226, 268 18 11

1927.

Part 4. Navy

58,000,000 0 0

5, 219, 140 0 0

, 5. Army

41, 565,000 0 0

9, 457.000 0 0

Army (Ordnance

Factories)

100 0 0

2, 708, 200 0 0

, 6. Air Force -

15, 550,000 0 0

4, 436, 400 0 0

115, 115, 100 0 0

21, 820, 740 0 0

Section 3.

Section 3.

92

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Appropriation of

Grants.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriations op Grants

Sums not exceeding

rout.

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

s.

d.

s .

d.

Part 7.

Civil, Glass I. -

2, 184, 461

0

0

3, 008, 852

0

0

, 8.

Civil, Class II. -

8, 645, 760

0

0

1, 096, 714

0

0

, 9.

Civil, Class III. -

12, 887, 337

0

0

1, 694, 142

0

0

, 10.

Civil, Class IV. -

53, 251, 728

0

0

75, 785

0

0

, 11.

Civil, Class V. -

75, 277, 055

0

0

5, 869, 244

0

0

, 12.

Civil, Class VI.

10, 059, 812

0

0

2, 291, 221

0

0

, 13.

Civil, Class VII.

8, 744, 365

0

0

1, 332, 245

0

0

, 14.

Civil, Class VIII.

64, 136, 510

0

0

1, 368, 650

0

0

, 15-

Civil, Class IX.

786, 510

0

0

2, 211, 973

0

0

Total Civil £

235, 973, 538

0

0

18, 948, 826

0

0

Part 16. Revenue De-

partments, &c.

69, 650, 220

0

0

2, 728, 617

0

0

Grand Total

423, 945, 396

12

3

43, 724, 451

18

11

SCHED. (A.)

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants otjt of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the

31st day of March 1926 :—

Under Act 17 Geo. 5. c. 2.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1927 :—

Under Act 17 Geo. 5. c. 2.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1928 :—

Under Act 17 Geo. 5. c. 2 -

Under this Act -

£ •«. d.

97, 549 12 3

3, 108, 989 0 0

108, 506, 900 0 0

252, 231, 958 0 0

Total

- £ 423, 945, 396 12 3

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Cir. 11.

93

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 1.

Civil Services and Revenue Departments Excesses,

1925-1926.

Sum granted to make good excesses on certain grants for Civil

Services and Revenue Departments for the year ended

on the 31st day of March 1926

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Class 11.

£ .V. d.

£ S. d.

Foreign Office -

10 0 0

741 10 1

Class VI.

Old Age Pensions -

16, 073 16 0

* —345 8 9

Revenue Departments.

Post Office ... .

81, 465 16 3

26, 341 17 7

97, 549 12 3

26, 737 18 11

* Deficit.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2.

Army (Supplementary), 1926,

Sum granted to meet Expenditure not provided for in the

Army Estimates of the year ending on the 31st day of

March 1927, arising out of the despatch of troops to China.

Vote 1.—Pay, &c., of the Army ---- 85,000

, 3.—Medical Services ---- 15,000

, 5.—Quartering and Movements - - 570,000

, 6.—Supplies, Road Transport and Remounts - 70,000

, 7.—Clothing ---- 10,000

, 8.—General Stores ---- 25,000

, 9.—Warlike and Engineering Technical Stores - 50.000

, 10.—Works, Buildings and Lands - - 65,000

, 11.—Miscellaneous Effective Services - 60,000

Sched. (13.)

Part 1.

Sched. (B.)

Part 2.

Supply Grant

- 950,000

94

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 3.

Part 3.

Civil --

(Supplementary), Civil (Supplementary), 1926.

1926.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the

charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for

the year ended on the 31st day of March 1927, viz.:—

CIVIL.

Class I.

For expenditure in respect of customs

and excise, inland revenue, post office

and telegraph buildings in Great

Britain, certain post offices abroad,

and for certain expenses in connection

with boats and launches belonging to

the Customs and Excise Department

For expenditure in respect of sundry

public buildings in Great Britain, not

provided for on other Votes, including

historic buildings, ancient monuments

and Brompton Cemetery -

Class II.

For the salaries and expenses of the

House of Commons -

For a subsidy on sugar and molasses

manufactured from beet grown in

Great Britain ----

For a grant in aid of the Forestry Fund -

Carried forward - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Giants.

in Aid.

37,000

42, 473

3, 924

* — 1, 424

450,000

50,000

583, 397

-1, 424

# Deficit.

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

95

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3—continued.

CIVIL— cont.

Brought forward

Class II.— continued.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport under the Ministry of Transport Act, 1919; expenses

of the Railway Rates Tribunal under

the Railways Act, 1921; expenses

under the London Traffic Act, 1924;

expenses in respect of advances under

the Light Railways Act, 1896; expenses of maintaining Holyhead Harbour; advances to meet deficit in

Ramsgate Harbour Fund; advances

to Caledonian and Crinan Canals; and

for expenditure in connection with the

Technical Survey for a general scheme

of generation and transmission of

electricity in Great Britain, and with

the Severn Barrage Investigation

For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England and

Wales.

For the expense of providing stationery,

printing, paper, binding and printed

books for the public service; to pay

the salaries and expenses of the Stationery Office; and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of

parliamentary debates ...

Carried forward £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

583, 397

— 1, 424

10

7, 700

1, 150

■4

1

37,000

621, 557

4, 776

Sched. (B.)

Past 3.

Civil

(Supplementary),

1926.

* Deficit.

96

Ch. 11.

Apjyropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Civil

(Supplementary).

1926.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL — cont.

Brought forward

621, 557

4, 776

Class III.

For salaries and expenses of the Lord

Advocate’s Department, and other

law charges, the salaries and expenses

of the courts of law and justice, and of

pensions appeals tribunals in Scotland, and bonus on certain statutory

salaries ----

3,000

* —3,000

Class V.

For the expenses connected with Oversea

Settlement, including certain grants in

aid, and expenses arising out of the

Empire Settlement Act, 1922, and the

free passage scheme for ex-service men

and women

142,000

8,000

For making good the Net Loss on transactions connected with the raising of

Money for the various Treasury Chests

abroad in the year 1925

4, 537

Class VI.

For the payment of old age pensions, for

certain administrative expenses in connection therewith, and for pensions

under the Blind Persons Act, 1920 -

418,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for sundry

contributions in respect of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions

Act, 1916, the War Pensions Acts,

1915 to 1921, and sundry services

420, 600

Carried forward £

1, 609, 694

9, 776

' Deficit.

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

97

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

CIVIL — cont.

Brought forward

Class VI — cont.

1, 609, 694

9, 776

For a grant in aid of the mission of their

Royal Highnesses the Duke and

Duchess of York to Australia and

New Zealand.

7,000

Class VII.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health; including grants

and other expenses in connection with

housing, grants to local authorities,

&c., in connection with public health

services, grants in aid in respect of

benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in connection with the Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925, and certain special services -

220,000

109, 500

For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Board of Health, including

grants and other expenses in connection with housing, grants to local

authorities, &c., grants in respect of

benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health Insurance Acts, certain expenses in connection with the Widows’, Orphans’ and

Old Age Contributory Pensions Act,

1925, and certain grants in aid

322, 295

20, 255

Total, Civil £

2, 158, 989

• 199, 531

G

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Civil

(Supplementary),

1926.

98

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1928; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For wages, &e., to 102, 275 officers,

seamen, and boys, and royal

marines; and civilians employed

on fleet services -

14, 715, 300

75, 230

2. For victualling and clothing for

the navy, including the cost of

victualling establishments at

home and abroad ...

4, 261,000

939, 515

3. For medical services, including the

cost of medical establishments at

home and abroad ...

452, 900

56, 375

4. For the fleet air arm ...

882,000

5. For educational services -

240, 700

81, 495

6. For scientific services ...

7. For the royal naval reserve, the

royal fleet reserve, and the royal

438,000

67, 628

naval volunteer reserve, &c.

426, 600

520

8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for ship-

building, repairs, maintenance, &c.,

at dockyards and naval yards at

home and abroad ...

7, 146,000

107, 694

, Sect. 2. For the materiel for ship-

building, repairs, maintenance,

&c., at dockyards and naval

yards at home and abroad -

5, 024, 800

1, 946, 200

, Sect. 3. For contract work for ship-

building, repairs, &c. -

8, 643, 700

381, 015

Carried forward - - £

42, 231, 600

3, 655, 672

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

99

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

42, 231, 600

3, 655, 672

No.

9. For naval armaments (including

wages, &c., of 450 marine pensioner police) ... -

3, 341, 700

725, 760

10. For works, buildings, and repairs at

home and abroad, including the

cost of superintendence, purchase

of sites, grants in aid, and other

charges connected therewith

1, 907,000

705, 500

11. For various miscellaneous effective

services .

805,000

45, 882

12. For the Admiralty Office

1, 238,000

17, 950

13. For non-effective services (naval

and marine)—officers -

2, 943, 700

28, 270

14. For non-effective services (naval and

marine)—men -

4, 571,000

39, 050

15. For civil superannuation, compensation allowances and gratuities -

962,000

1, 056

Total Navy Services £

58,000,000

5, 219, 140

SCHED. (B.)

Past 4.

Navy.

100

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 5.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 5.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on 31st day of March 1928; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of His Majesty’s

Army (to a number not exceeding

166, 500) at home and abroad

(exclusive of India) ...

8, 828,000

5, 047,000

2. For the Army Reserve, Supplemen-

tary Reserve, Territorial Army,

Officers’ Training Corps, and

Channel Islands and Colonial

Militia, &c..

5, 323,000

35, 500

3. For medical services ...

1, 046,000

44,000

4. For educational establishments

914,000

129,000

5. For quartering and movements

1, 624,000

849,000

6. For supplies, road transport, and

remounts ----

5, 658,000

419,000

7. For clothing ----

1, 089,000

220,000

8. For general stores - -

1, 177,000

316,000

9. For warlike and engineer technical

stores, including technical estab-

lishments ----

2, 310,000

696,000

Carried forward £

27, 969,000

7, 755, 500

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

101

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 5— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

27, 969,000

7, 755, 500

No.

10. For works, buildings, and lands,

including military and civilian

staff and other charges in connection therewith -

3, 299,000

275,000 .

11. For miscellaneous effective services -

1, 431,000

238,000

12. For the War Office -

869,000

5,000

13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective charges for officers -

3, 605,000

661, 400

14. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, out-pensions, rewards for

distinguished services, widows ’

pensions, and other non-effective

charges for warrant officers, noncommissioned officers, and men,

&c..

4, 145,000

522,000

15. For civil superannuation, compensation, additional allowances,

gratuities, injury grants, &c.

247,000

100

Total Army Services £

41, 565,000

9, 457,000

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the ordnance factories, the cost of

productions of which will be charged

to the army, navy, air force and

Indian, Dominion and Colonial Governments .

100

2, 708, 200

Total Army Services')

(including Ordnance >£

41, 505, 100

12, 105, 200

Factories) - - J

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6.

Army.

102

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 6.

Air.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 6.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Am Services herein particularly

mentioned, which will come in course of payment during

the year ending on the 31st day of March 1928, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pav, &c., of 33,000 of all

ranks of the Air Force

3, 160,000

1, 101,000

2. For the quartering, stores (except

technical), supplies, and transport

1, 365,000

580,000

3. For technical and warlike stores

(including experimental and research services) -

6, 424,000

2, 065,000

4. For works, buildings, repairs, and

lands, including civilian staff, and

other charges connected therewith

1, 900,000

477,000

5. For medical services ...

203,000

112,000

6. For educational services -

507,000

22,000

7. For auxiliary and reserve forces

500,000

400

8. For Civil Aviation -

9. For the meteorological and miscel-

464,000

10,000

laneous effective services

150,000

29,000

10. For the Air Ministry ...

11. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

687,000

23,000

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective services ...

190,000

17,000

Total Am Services - £

15, 550,000

4, 436, 400

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

103

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7.

CIVIL.— Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928, viz.:—

Sched. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil.

Class I.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices of the House of Lords

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

House of Commons -

356, 042

15, 500

3. For expenses under the Representation of the People Act, 1918

207,000

4. For the salaries and other expenses

in the department of His Majesty’s

Treasury, and subordinate departments ----

318, 158

27, 397

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of His Majesty’s most

Honourable Privy Council -

9, 223

6,000

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Lord Privy Seal

2, 620

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Charity Commission for England

and Wales -

41, 097

2, 500

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

Civil Service Commission

62, 336

Carried forward - - £

1, 051, 846

56, 397

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

55, 370

Appropriations

in Aid.

5,000

104

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil.

Class I.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 7 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward

No.

II. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Comptroller

and Auditor General -

10. For mating good the deficiency on

the Income Account of the Fund

for Friendly Societies -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Government

Actuary -

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of the Government

Chemist *

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Government Hospitality Fund

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses

of coinage, and for the expenses of the preparation of medals, dies

for postage and other stamps, and

His Majesty’s seals -

15. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants-in-aid

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries -

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office -

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Savings Committee

Carried forward £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1, 051, 846

56, 397

153, 700

7, 580

5, 930

32, 322

2, 450

63, 359

350

13,000

150,000

2, 875,000

26, 276

12, 075

16, 695

13, 350

81, 579

1, 594, 707

2, 967, 202

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

105

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7— continued. Sched. (b.)

Part 7.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 594, 707

2, 967, 202

No.

18. For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the

Office of Land Revenue Records

and Inrolments -

37, 948

19. For the salaries and expenses of the

establishment under the Public

Works Loan Commissioners -

10

28, 723

20. For making the payment due to the

Local Loans Fund in respect of

advances in Northern Ireland

89,000

21. For the salaries and other expenses

of Royal Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries, &c.,

including provision for Shorthand

and the expenses of surplus stores,

&c., liquidation -

31,000

9, 790

22. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

secret services -

180,000

23. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish office and subordinate offices, expenses under the

Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900,

expenses under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act,

1899; a subsidy for steamer

services to the Hebrides; and

payments in respect of unemployment schemes -

225, 216

3, 137

24. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain Miscellaneous advances -

26, 580

Total, Civil, Class I. - £

2, 184, 461

' 3, 008, 852

106

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Class H.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928, viz.:—

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8.

CIVIL.— Class II.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for Foreign

Affairs.

2. For the expenses in connection with

His Majesty’s embassies, missions,

and consular establishments

abroad, and other expenditure

chargeable to the Consular Vote,

and relief of refugees from the

Near East, certain special grants,

including a grant in aid, and

sundry services arising out of the

War ----

3. For a contribution towards the expenses of the League of Nations

and for other expenses in connection therewith, including British

Representation before the Permanent Court of International

Justice -

Carried forward - - £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

212, 673

101, 376

1, 073, 495

572, 892

64, 300

1, 350, 468

674, 268

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

107

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 8 — continued. Sched. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil.

Sums not exceeding Class II.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 1, 350, 468 674, 268

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Dominion

Affairs ..... 49, 440 36, 407

5. For sundry Dominion services, for

advances in certain cases on

account of liabilities assumed by

the government of the Irish Free

State in connection with compensation for damage to property or

with land purchase, for certain

ex gratia grants, and for expenditure in connection with ex-service

men in the Irish Free State - - 190, 419 19, 320

6. For a grant in aid of the Empire

Marketing Fund - - 1,000,000 —

7. For the expenses connected with

Oversea Settlement, including

certain grants in aid and expenses

arising out of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922 .... 1, 540,000 65,000

8. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the Colonies 143, 094 1, 419

9. For sundry Colonial services, including certain grants in aid

(including a supplementary sum

of 10,000(.) ---- 318, 769 —

Carried forward £ 4, 592, 190 796, 414

108 Ch. 11. Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 8— continued.

Part 8.___

Civil.

Clasa II. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 4, 592, 190 796, 414

No.

10. For sundry Middle Eastern services

under His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Colonies, including

certain non-effective services and

grants in aid - - 3, 395,000 285,000

11. For a contribution towards the cost

of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in

Council, including a grant in aid - 112, 334 —

12. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land

in the United Kingdom, and a

grant in aid of the Imperial War

Graves Commission Fund, formed

under Royal Charter, 21st May

1917, and a contribution towards

an endowment fund - 546, 226 —

13. For a contribution towards the expenses of a system of submarine

cables and wireless telegraph stations in the West Indian Islands

and British Guiana ... 10 15, 300

Total, Civil, Class II.- £ 8, 645, 760 1, 096, 714

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

109

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928; viz. :—

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9.

CIVIL.— Class III.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of His Majesty’s Secretary of

State for the Home Department

and subordinate offices, including

liquidation expenses of the Royal

Irish Constabulary and contributions towards the expenses of

probation committees -

2. For the expense of the maintenance

of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum -

3. For the salaries of the Commissioner

and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the

Receiver for the Metropolitan

Police District, bonus to Metropolitan Police Magistrates, the

contribution towards the expenses

of the Metropolitan Police, the

salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary, and other

grants in respect of Police Expenditure, including places of detention and a grant in aid of the

Police Federation -

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

435, 647

55, 875

73, 020

4, 849

7, 096, 102

210

7, 604, 769

* 60, 934

Carried forward

110

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9-

Part 9.

— continued.

Civil.

Class III.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

7, 604, 769

60, 934

No.

4. For the expenses of the prisons in

England and Wales -

1, 003, 901

203, 850

5. For grants in respect of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in

reformatory and industrial schools,

and in auxiliary homes in England

and Wales, and whilst under supervision; also for the payment of

salaries and other expenses in connection with the collection of

parental contributions towards the

maintenance of such children - 258, 176 19, 050

6. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts,

including bonus to County Court

Judges. 10 719, 794

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Land Registry - - 148, 333 —

8. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of Public Trustee - - 10 223, 116

9. For such of the salaries and expenses

of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal Appeal

as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund, including bonus on

certain statutory salaries, and a

grant in aid, and the salaries and

expenses of pensions appeals tribunals . 376, 715 139, 350

Carried forward £ 9, 391, 914 1, 366, 094

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

Ill

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

9, 391, 914

1, 366, 094

No.

10. For the salaries of the law officers

department, the salaries and expenses of the departments of His

Majesty’s Procurator-General, and

of the Solicitor for the Affairs of

His Majesty’s Treasury, and of the department of the Director of

Public Prosecutions, for the costs

of prosecutions, of other legal

proceedings, and of Parliamentary

Agency.

165, 881

45,000

11. For certain miscellaneous legal

expenses, for the salaries and expenses of arbitrators, &c., under

the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,

for the salaries and expenses of the

War Compensation Court under

the Indemnity Act, 1920, and for

a grant in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Society of

England .....

46, 969

12. For grants in respect of Police

expenditure and for a grant in aid

of the Police Federation in Scotland

840,000

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

Prison Commissioners for Scotland,

and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of

criminal lunatics, defectives, and

inmates of the State inebriate

reformatory, the preparation of

judicial statistics, and a grant for

certain expenses connected with

discharged prisoners -

151, 153

26, 198

Carried forward - - £

10, 595, 917 j

1, 437, 292

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class III.

112

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9 — continued.

Part 9.

Civil.

Class III. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 10, 595, 917 1, 437, 292

No.

14. For the expense of the maintenance

of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial

schools, and in auxiliary homes

in Scotland, including the expenses of collection of parental

contributions .... 69, 243 4,000

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Scottish Land Court,

including bonus to members of the

Court. 10, 264 —

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s department and

other law charges, the salaries

and expenses of the Courts of

Law and Justice and of pensions

appeals tribunals in Soctland,

and bonus on certain statutory

salaries - - 81, 815 116,000

17. For the salaries and expenses of the

offices in His Majesty’s General

Register House, Edinburgh - - 73, 849 —

18. For the cost of certain Northern

Ireland services, including expenditure in connection with ex-

service officers and men in Northern

Ireland ..... 19, 664 —

Carried forward £ 10, 850, 752 1, 557, 292

1927

Appropriation Act, 1927,

Ch. 11.

113

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

t

t

Brought forward

10, 850, 752

1, 557, 292

No.

19. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of

Judicature of Northern Ireland,

and of the Land Registry of

Northern Ireland, as are not

charged on the Consolidated Fund,

and other expenses -

47, 712

1, 800

20. For the salaries and expenses of the Land Purchase Commission,

Northern Ireland, including the

payment of land purchase annuities in Northern Ireland and the

expenses of certain land purchase

services in the Irish Free State

reserved as an imperial liability -

1, 988, 873

135, 050

Total, Civil, Class III. - £

12, 887, 337

1, 694, 142

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil.

Class III.

H

114

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

. Civil.

Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the

various establishments connected

therewith, including sundry grants

in aid.

2. For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum, and of the

Natural History Museum, includ-

44, 307, 020

43, 009

ing certain grants in aid

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

285, 858

18, 505

Imperial War Museum - - 1

4. For the salaries and expenses in

respect of the London Museum,

13, 197

750

Lancaster House -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, and of the

National Gallery of British Art,

Millbank, including a grant in aid

4, 824

1, 035

for the purchase of pictures -

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase

28, 890

4,000

of portraits.

7, 874

920

Carried forward £

44, 647, 669

68, 219

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10.

CIVIL.— Class IV.

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

115

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10— continued.

Brought forward

No.

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Wallace Collection ...

8. For sundry grants in aid of scientific investigation, &c., and other

grants.

9. For grants in aid of the expenses of

certain Universities, Colleges,

Medical Schools, &c., in Great

Britain, and for grants to schools

under the Welsh Intermediate

Eduction Act, 1889; also for a

Contribution (Grant in Aid) to

London University towards the

cost of a site in Bloomsbury and

accommodation (including a

Supplementary sum of 212, 500/.) -

10. For public education in Scotland,

and for the Royal Scottish

Museum, Edinburgh, including

a grant in aid -

11. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland,

the Scottish National Portrait

Gallery, and the Museum of

Antiquities, including certain

grants in aid ....

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

Total, Civil, Class IV. £

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

44, 647, 669

68, 219

12, 063

2, 300

204, 975

1, 792, 800

6, 583, 029

10, 420

170

772

5, 096

53, 251, 728

. 75, 785

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil.

Class IV.

116

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11.

Part 11.

Civil.

Class V.

CIVIL.— Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Control (Lunacy and

Mental Deficiency), England, and

grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service

mental patients - 688, 532 13, 721

2. For grants to local authorities, &c.,

in England and Wales, in respect

of capital works approved as unemployment schemes - 1, 450,000 —

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including

grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., in connection with Public Health Services, grants-in-aid in respect of

benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health

Insurance Acts, certain expenses

in connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, and

certain special services - - 19, 443, 593 817, 550

Carried forward - £ 21, 582, 125 831, 271

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

ClT. 11

117

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 11— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Brought forward

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National

Health Insurance Act, 1924 -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c. -

6. For grants to local authorities, &c.,

in Great Britain for assistance in

carrying out approved schemes of

useful work to relieve unemployment .

7. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including

the contributions to the Unemployment Fund, and payments

to associations, Local Education

Authorities and others for administration under the Unemployment Insurance and Labour

Exchanges Acts; expenditure in

connection with the training of

demobilised officers, non-commissioned officers and men and

nurses; grants for resettlement

in civil life; and the expenses

of the Industrial Court; also

expenses in connection with the

International Labour Organisation (League of Nations)

8. For relief arising out of unemployment ----

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies

Carried forward - £

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

o

Cl

of

QC

lO

C)

831, 271

11)8, 590

4, 595

106, 033

24,000

75,000

11, 653, 564

4, 884, 725

1, 461, 132

44, 355

4, 350

35, 090, 799

•5, 748.941

Sched. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil.

Class V.

118

Ch, 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil.

.Claes V.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 11 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 35, 090, 799 5, 748, 941

No.

10. For the payment of Old Age Pensions, for certain administrative

expenses in connection therewith,

and for pensions under the Blind

Persons Act, 1920 - 32, 780,000 4,000

11. For the Treasury Pensions Account

in accordance with the provision

of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions Act,

1925 . 4,000,000 —

12. For the salaries and expenses of the

General Board of Control for

Scotland and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-

service mental patients - - 83, 402 515

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland - 15, 099 2,000

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Scottish Board of Health, including grants and other expenses

in connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., in connection with public health services,

grant-in-aid of the Highlands and

Islands medical service, grants-in-

aid in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under the

National Health Insurance Acts,

certain expenses in connection

with the Widows’, Orphans’ and

Old Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925, and certain special

services - 3, 307, 155 113, 788

Total, Civil, Class V. - £ 75, 277, 055 5, 869, 244

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

119

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, w’hich will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Committee of Privy

Council for Trade, and subordinate

departments, including certain

Services arising out of the War -

501, 617

54, 651

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Trade, under the Bankruptcy Acts, 1914 and 1926, and

the Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926 ...

10

168, Sll

3. For the salaries and expenses of

certain services transferred from

the Mercantile Marine Fund and

other services connected with the

Mercantile Marine, including the

Coastguard, General Register and

Record Office of Shipping and

Seamen, Merchant Seamen’s Fund

Pensions and grants to the General

Lighthouse Fund and other Lighthouse Authorities -

407, 034

260, 890

Carried forward - - £

909, 261

• 484, 352

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12.

CIVIL.— Class VI.

120

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil.

Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

4. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Overseas Trade,

including a grant in aid of the

Imperial Institute -

909, 261

484, 352

328, 962

104, 714

5. For guarantees in respect of exports

of goods wholly or partly produced

or manufactured in the United

Kingdom -

52,000

12,000

6. For the salaries and expenses of the

Mines Department of the Board of

Trade .

177, 017

6, 891

7. For the salaries and expenses in

the office of Commissioners of

Crown Lands, including bonus to

Commissioner and Secretary

28, 955

8 .

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries, expenses under the

Agricultural Wages (Regulation)

Act, 1924, loans to agricultural

co-operative societies, grants for

Agricultural Education and Research, grants for eradication of

Tuberculosis in cattle, grants for

land drainage, grants in aid of the

Small Holdings Account, and certain other grants in aid; and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew

1, 867, 226 478, 770

3, 363, 421 1, 086, 727

Carried forward

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

121

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 12 — continued. Scheo. (B.)

_ Part 12.

Civil.

Sums not exceeding Class VI.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 3, 363, 421 1, 086, 727

No.

9. For a subsidy on sugar and molasses

manufactured from beet grown in

Great Britain .... 4, 500,000 —

10. For the expenses of the survey of

Great Britain, and of minor

services connected therewith - 151, 005 90, 330

11. For a grant in aid of the Forestry

Fund. 595, 400 —

12. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport under

the Ministry of Transport Act,

1919, expenses of the Railway

Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921, expenses under

the London Traffic Act, 1924,

expenses in respect of advances

under the Light Railways Act,

1896, expenses of maintaining

Holyhead Harbour, advances to

meet deficit in Ramsgate Harbour

Fund, and advances to Caledonian

and Crinan Canals, and for expenditure in connection with the

Severn Barrage Investigation - 126, 846 161, 450

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Development Fund. 250,000

Carried forward

8, 986, 672 .1, 338, 507

122

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Past 12.____

Civil.

Class VT. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 8, 986, 672 1, 338, 507

No.

14. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the

Geological Survey of Great Britain,

the Museum of Practical Geology,

and a grant in aid ... 451, 951 152, 091

15. For the salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts,

including the salaries of the

central office and the cost of

acquisition and management of

licensed premises ... 100 672, 145

16. For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Agriculture for Scotland,

including grants for agricultural

education and training, loans to

co-operative societies, and certain

grants in aid - - 553, 213 105, 723

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland,

including expenses of marine

superintendence, loans to herring

fishermen for the purchase of

drift nets, and grants in aid of

piers or quays .... 67, 876 22, 755

Total, Civil, Class VI. £ 10, 059, 812 2, 291, 221

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

123

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13.

CIVIL.— Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of

payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928, viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1. For expenditure in respect of Art and

Science buildings, Great Britain -

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

317, 995

15, 700

2. For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and considar buildings - 209, 800

3. For expenditure in respect of the

Houses of Parliament buildings - 80, 110

6, 350

500

4. For expenditure in respect of

Housing Estates under the

management of the Office of

Works.

10

131,000

5. For expenditure in respect of Employment Exchange, and Insurance buildings, Great Britain

(including Ministries of Labour

and Health) -

579, 230

47, 900

6 .

For a contribution to the cost of the

improvement of the approach to

the Mall ----

Carried forward £

10

1, 193, 155

201, 450

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil.

Class VII.

124

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Soiled, (b.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Part 13. _

Civil.

Class VII. | Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 1, 193, 155 201, 450

No.

7. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings - - 88, 550 1, 350

8. For expenditure in respect of

Osborne - 16, 920 5,000

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

office of the Commissioners of His

Majesty’s Works and Public

Buildings. 578, 870 94, 135

10. For expenditure in respect of

sundry public buildings in Great

Britain not provided for in

other Votes, including Historic

Buildings, Ancient Monuments

and Brompton Cemetery - - 1, 509, 568 198, 700

11. For expenditure in respect of royal

palaces, including a grant in aid - 123, 630 10, 750

12. For expenditure in respect of

Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph

buildings in Great Britain, certain

Post Offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with

boats and launches belonging to

the Customs and Excise Department . 1, 405, 245 34, 940

Carried forward £ 4, 915, 938 546, 325

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11

125

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 13— continued. Sched. (b.)

Past 13.

. civil.

Sums not exceeding Class VII.

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - 4, 915, 938 546, 325

No.

13. For expenditure in respect of the

royal parks and pleasure gardens - 210, 920 42, 540

14. For rates and contributions in lieu

of rates, &c., in respect of property

in the occupation of the Crown

for the Public Service, and for

rates on buildings occupied by Representatives of British Dominions

and of Foreign Powers, and to pay

the salaries and expenses of the

Rating of Government Property

Department, and a grant in aid

of the expenses of the London

Fire Brigade ... - 1, 850, 809 68, 850

15. For stationery, printing, paper,

binding, and printed books for

the public service, for the salaries

and expenses of the Stationery

Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports

of Parliamentary Debates -

1, 643, 783

650, 070

16. For the expense of constructing

a new harbour of refuge at

Peterhead.

32,000

17. For expenditure in respect of public

works and buildings in Ireland

90, 915

24, 460

Total, Civil, Class VII. £

8, 744, 365

1, 332, 245

126

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Civil.

Class VIII.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For War pensions and allowances

(including cost of treatment) to

merchant seamen and fishermen

and their dependants, and the

administrative expenses connected

therewith.

2. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for

sundry contributions in respect

of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916,

and the War Pensions Acts, 1915

434, 338

to 1921, and sundry services

3. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded to retired and

disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and

to widows and children of such

members, including annuities to

the National Debt Commissioners

in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain

61, 442, 832

50,000

extra-statutory payments -

700, 199

1, 232, 850

Carried forward £

62, 577, 369

1, 282, 850

SCHEDULE (B.) —Papt 14.

CIVIL.— Class VIII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1928,

viz.:—

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

127

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

4. For superannuation, compensation,

compassionate and additional

allowances and gratuities under

sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances, gratuities and

supplementary pensions awarded

by the Treasury, and, under the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920,

62, 577, 369

1, 282, 850

by the Civil Service Committee -

1, 559, 141

85, 800

Total, Class VIII. - £

64, 136, 510

1, 368, 650

SCHED. (B.)

Past 14.

Civil.

Class VIII.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 15.

CIVIL.— Class IX.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein

particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1928, viz.:—

SCHED. (B.)

Part 15.

Civil.

Class IX.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

i

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

clearing office for enemy debts (including enemy property department), shipping liquidation, and

certain other services arising out

of the war and of the state of

emergency in 1926 ...

8, 700

645, 083

Carried forward - - £

8, 700

645, 083

128

Ch. 11.

Appropriation Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 15 — continued.

Part 15. _

Civil.

Class IX. Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 8, 700 645, 083

No.

2. For expenditure arising out of

contracts dated 9th April 1918,

and 3rd March 1922, entered into

with the Zinc Producers’ Association Proprietary, Limited, for

the purchase of Zinc Concentrates . 677, 700 1, 416, 900

3. For expenditure arising from the

Government control of railways

in Great Britain and Ireland

under the Regulation of the

Forces Act, 1871, section 16 - 100

4. For claims in respect of ships or

cargoes condemned as naval prize

or detained. 20,000

5. For a subvention in aid of Wages in

the Coal Mining Industry - - 80,000 —

6. For the purchase and importation

of coal in connection with the

stoppage in the coal industry - 10 149, 990

Total, Class IX. -

786, 510 2, 211, 973

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927.

Ch. 11.

129

SCHED. (B.)

' Part l(i.

Revenue

Departments, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments,

&c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in

course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day

of March 1928, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department -

5, 021, 085

247, 915

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department

0, 985, 535

40, 375

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs

and. Telephones -

57, 043,000

2, 434, 327

Total Revenue Departments - £

09, 650, 220

2, 728, 017

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 16.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

I

130

Ch. 11

Appropriation Act., 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5,

SCHED. (C.)

Part I,

Navy

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C.) —Part I.

Defi

cits.

Surpluses.

Navy Services, 1925-26,

Votes.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

1. Wages, &c., of Officers,

Seamen, Boys, and Royal

Marines, and Civilians

employed on Fleet S"r-

vices ....

£ s . d .

1

£ 8 . d .

20, 534 11 10

£ «. d .

334, 335 16 9

£ s . d .

2. Victualling and Clothing for

the Navy

3. Medical Services -

3, 074 16 3

9, 548 17 10

109, 334 11 0

7, 842 5 4

4. Fleet Air Arm

6. Educational Services •

7, 969 5 8

704 10 10

6. Scientific Services

17, 868 18 7

2, 979 4 7

7. Royal Naval Reserve, Royal

Fleet Reserve, and Royal

Naval Volunteer Reserve,

&c. ....

661 1 8

21, 447 3 2

8. Shipbuilding, Repairs,

Maintenance, &o.:

Sec. 1. Personnel

14, 886 19 9

26, 902 2 1

Sec. 2. Materiel -

177, 329 11 0

301, 945 6 5

Sec. 3. Contract Work

183, 317 9 11

17, 788 5 0

9. Naval Armaments

50, 834 13 6

175, 621 3 11

10. Works, Buildings, and

Repairs at Home and

Abroad ....

164, 792 16 1

330, 742 17 10

11. Various Miscellaneous

Effective Services -

21, 635 12 3

13, 883 12 8

12. Admiralty Office

62, 536 10 8

847 2 3

13. Non-Effective Services

(Naval and Marine),

Officers -

14. Non-Effective Services

(Naval and Marine), Men

44, 773 13 1

2, 910 19 5

74, 957 13 7

2, 506 12 9

15. Civil Superannuation,

Compensation Allowances,

and Gratuities

— Balance irrecoverable -

92.082 18 10

8, 110 6 5

2, 856 19 10

430, 418 13 2

v._

Total Defi

1, 274, 437 3 9

Total Surpluses:

£1, 401, 508 10 4

Net Surplus: £495, 552 3 11

1927.

Appropriation Act, 1927

Ch. 11

131

SCHEDULE (C.)— Part II.

SCHED. (C.)

Part II.

Air Services

Section 5.

Air Services, 1925—26,

Votes.

Deficits.

Surpluses.

Excesses of

actual over

estimated

gross

Expenditure.

Deficiencies

of actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

Surpluses of

estimated over

actual gross

Expenditure.

Surpluses of

actual as

compared

with

estimated

Receipts.

£ s. d.

£ h. (1.

£ 3. d.

£ 8, d.

1. Pay. <^c., of the Air Force •

_ .

184, 091 8 10

46, 314 6 7

2. Quartering, Stores (except

Technical), Supplies, and

Transport

110, 315 17 4

173, 037 13 0

3. Technical and Warlike

Stores (including F.xperi-

mental and Beseareh

Services)

141, 817 10 11

40, 387 13 0

4. Works, Buildings, and

Bands ....

230, 109 4 4

44, 015 1 2

5. Medical Services

9, 175 10 9

21, 227 8 4

6. Educational Services -

0, 227 4 0

2, 020 13 2

7. Auxiliary and Reserve

Forces ....

988 13 5

50, 931 8 0

8. Civil Aviation ...

1, 171 12 1

90, 959 17 0

9. Meteorological and Misoel-

laneous Effective Services

11, 110 6 10

10, (89 2 7

10. Air Ministry

821 O 9

40 1 0

11. Half-Pay, Pensions, and

I

other Non-Effective

Services

541 3 3

5, 488 12 0

— Balances irrecoverable and

Claims Abandoned -

3, 755 1 5

381, 790 6 11

181, 757 10 10

536, 225 10 9!

90, 329 7 9

Total Deficits: 1

i v

Total Surpluses:

£563. '

L

147 17 9 1

£626, 551 18 6

Net Surplus:

£03, 007 0 9

132

Ch. 12.

Auctions (Bidding 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Agreements) Act, 1927.

Certain

bidding

agreements

to be illegal.

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to render illegal certain agreements and

transactions affecting bidding at auctions.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.-—(1) If any dealer agrees to give, or gives, or offers

any gift or consideration to any other person as an

inducement or reward for abstaining, or for having

abstained, from bidding at a sale by auction either

generally or for any particular lot, or if any person

agrees to accept, or accepts, or attempts to obtain from

any dealer any such gift or consideration as aforesaid,

he shall be guilty of an offence under this Act, and

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding one hundred pounds, or to a term of imprisonment for any period not exceeding six months, or to both

such fine and such imprisonment:

Provided that, where it is proved that a dealer has

previously to an auction entered into an agreement in

writing with one or more persons to purchase goods at

the auction bona fide on a joint account and has before

the goods were purchased at the auction deposited a

copy of the agreement with the auctioneer, such an agreement shall not be treated as an agreement made in

contravention of this section.

(2) For the purposes of this section the expression

" dealer" means a person who in the normal course of

his business attends sales by auction for the purpose of

purchasing goods with a view to reselling them.

(3) In England and Wales a prosecution for an

offence under this section shall not be instituted without

the consent of the Attorney-General or the Solicitor-

General.

1027.

Auctions (Bidding

Agreements) Act, 1927.

Ch. 12, 13.

133

2. Any sale at an auction, with respect to which Right of

any such agreement or transaction as aforesaid has been vendors to

made or effected, and which has been the subject of a tr ', ' 3tccrtam

prosecution and conviction, may, as against a purchaser fraudulent

who has been a party to such agreement or transaction,

be treated by the vendor as a sale induced by fraud:

Provided that a notice or intimation by the vendor

to the auctioneer that he intends to exercise such power

in relation to any sale at the auction shall not affect

the obligation of the auctioneer to deliver the goods to

the purchaser.

3. The particulars which under section seven of the Copy of Act

Auctioneers Act, 1845, are required to be affixed or 1° k e ^hi-

suspended in some conspicuous part of the room or place g 1 .

where the auction is held shall include a copy of this c

Act, and that section shall have effect accordingly.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Auctions Short title,

(Bidding Agreements) Act, 1927, and shall come into commence-

operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred m nt an d

and twenty-eight. ex n .

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend the Diseases of Animals Acts,

1894 to 1925.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Sections five, six, eight, nine and eleven of Extension

the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894 (hereinafter referred of s. 10 of

to as "the principal Act ") (which relate to places and 57 & 58 Vict,

areas infected with cattle plague, pleuro-pneumonia, .and ^nd

foot-and-mouth disease, and to movement into, within, areas in-

or out of places and areas so infected), and section twelve fected with

of that Act (which contains provisions as to infected cattle

circles) shall cease to have effect, and section ten of Pj a 8 ue >

pleuro-

134

pneumonia,

and foot-

and-mouth

disease.

Power to

order

slaughter of

animals in

contact with

animals

suffering

from cattle

plague to

be discretionary.

Power of

Minister to

order immediate

slaughter of

imported

animals

liable to be

slaughtered.

13 Geo. 5.

c. 5.

(Sess. 2).

Fees on

detention

and testing

of imported

animals.

Ch. 13. Diseases of Animals 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

the principal Act (which contains general provisions

as to infected places and areas) shall apply with respect

to places and areas infected with cattle plague, pleuropneumonia, and foot-and-mouth disease as it applies

with respect to places and areas infected with other

diseases.

(2) Subsection (5) of section ten of the principal Act

(which provides that certain orders of the Minister of

Agriculture and Fisheries (hereinafter referred to as " the Minister") or of a local authority shall be conclusive

evidence of matters whereon the orders proceed) shall

apply to any notice served in pursuance of directions of the Minister or of a local authority by virtue of an order

made under that section as it applies to orders of the Minister or of a local authority.

(3) This section shall come into operation on such

day not more than twelve months after the passing of this Act as may be fixed by order of His Majesty

in Council.

2. So much of subsection (1) of section seven of the

principal Act as requires the Minister to cause to be

slaughtered any animal being or having been in the

same shed, stable, herd or flock, or in contact with an

animal affected with cattle plague, shall cease to have

effect, but the Minister may under that section cause

any such animal to be slaughtered if he is satisfied that

the slaughter of the animal is necessary for preventing

the spreading of cattle plague.

3. -— (1) If any animal in an imported animals ’

wharf, or in an approved landing-place, is found to be

liable to be slaughtered under the principal Act by order

of the Minister or of a local authority, the Minister may

cause the animal to be slaughtered forthwith.

(2) In this section the expressions "imported

animals’ wharf" and "approved landing-place" have

the same meanings respectively as the expressions

" foreign animals’ wharf " and " approved landing-

place" in section five of the Importation of Animals

Act, . 1922 (Session 2).

4. The limitation contained in section six of the

Importation of Animals Act, 1922 (Session 2), which

restricts the fees which may be charged in respect of

1927.

Diseases of Animals

Act, 1927.

Ch. 13.

135

the landing of imported animals in Great Britain to the

sum of sixpence as respects any one animal, shall not

apply in the case of any imported animal which by

virtue of an order made by the Minister under the

principal Act is required to be detained and tested for

disease under the supervision of a veterinary inspector

appointed by the Minister or by a local authority under

the principal Act, and accordingly the fees to be charged

under that section in any such case shall be such as may,

in the opinion of the Treasury, be sufficient to meet the

expenses of the examination including any such detention

and testing as aforesaid.

5. For section fifty-one of the principal Act there

shall be substituted the following section, that is to say—

" If any person is guilty of an offence against

" this Act, he shall for every such offence be

" liable—

" (i) to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds;

" or

" (ii) if the offence is committed with respect

" to more than ten animals, to a fine not

" exceeding five pounds for each animal; or

" (iii) where the offence is committed in

" relation to carcasses, fodder, litter, dung or

other thing (exclusive of animals), to a fine

" not exceeding ten pounds in respect of every

" half ton in weight thereof after one half ton,

" in addition to the first fine of not exceeding

" fifty pounds."

6. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Diseases of

Animals Act, 1927, and this Act and the Diseases of

Animals Acts, 1894 to 1925, may be cited together as the

Diseases of Animals Acts, 1894 to 1927.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the principal Act shall be

construed as references to that Act as amended by any

subsequent enactment including this Act, and, save as

respects Northern Ireland, this Act shall be construed as

one with the principal Act.

Increase of

maximum

penalties.

Short title,

citation,

extent, construction,

and repeal.

130

Ch. 13.

Diseases of Animals 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

(4) The provisions of the principal Act specified in

Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed

as from the commencement of this Act, and the

provisions of that Act specified in Part II. of the said

Schedule shall be hereby repealed as from the date upon

which section one of this Act comes into operation.

Section 6.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Principal Act repealed.

Part I.

Provisions repealed from passing of Act.

Section 51.

Part II.

Provisions repealed upon coming into operation of section one

of Act.

Section 5.

Section 6.

Section 8.

Section 9.

In section 10, in subsection (1) thereof, the words "other

" than cattle plague, pleuro-pneumonia, or foot and mouth

" disease":in subsection (2) thereof the words "as well as a

" place or area declared infected with cattle plague, pleuro-

" pneumonia, or foot and mouth disease ":in subsection (3)

thereof the words "but without prejudice to the poweis of the

" Board as regards cattle plague."

Section 11.

Section 12.

The First Schedule.

1027.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

137

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to consolidate the enactments relating to

the Relief of the Poor in England and Wales.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

Part I.

CENTRAL AND LOCAL ADMINISTRATION.

Central Authority.

1. The Minister of Health (hereinafter in this Act Central

referred to as the Minister) is, subject to the provisions authority,

of this Act, charged with the direction and control of

all matters relating to the administration of relief to

the poor throughout England and Wales, according to

the law in force for the time being:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall be construed

as enabling the Minister to interfere in any individual

case for the purpose of ordering relief.

Poor Law Areas and Authorities.

Poor Law Unions.

2. —(1) The law relating to the relief of the poor Local

shall be administered locally by boards of guardians, and administra-

a guardian shall not (save as otherwise expressly pro- ^o^Ltituticni

vided by this Act and any rules, orders or regulations of "unions' 311

of the Minister made thereunder) be capable of acting

by virtue of his office except as a member of a board of

guardians and at a meeting of the board.

(2) The Minister may by order constitute any parish

or combination of parishes as an area in which the relief

of the poor is to be so administered, and every area so constituted shall for the purposes of this Act be a poor law

union, but until dissolved or altered in accordance with

138

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geq. 5.

Combination of

unions for

particular

purposes.

Constitution

of boards of

guardians.

the provisions of this Act, every parish or combination of

parishes for which, at the commencement of this Act,

a board of guardians is constituted shall continue to be

a poor law union.

(3) Upon the coming into operation of an order of the Minister forming a union of two or more parishes, for

which separate boards of guardians were constituted, the

last acting guardians for those parishes shall continue to

administer relief in those parishes until the guardians for

the new union come into office.

3. — (1) Where on any representation it appears to

the Minister that the combination of two or more poor

law unions, not in London, for any purpose connected

with the administration of the relief of the poor would

tend to diminish expense, or would otherwise be of

public or local advantage, the Minister may, with the

consent of the boards of guardians of the unions to be

so combined, make an order for combining the unions

for the purposes named therein, and for constituting for

the execution of those purposes a joint committee of the several boards of guardians.

(2) The order shall define the powers, rights, duties,

liabilities, and obligations of the joint committee, and

regulate the election, meetings, and officers of the joint

committee, the mode of defraying the expenses of the

joint committee, and any other matter or thing (including

the adjustment of present and future liabilities and

property) which it appears necessary or proper to

regulate for the better carrying into effect of the order.

(3) The board of guardians of a poor law union

included in such a combination shall, save as otherwise

provided by the order, cease to exercise any powers and

rights, and to be subject to any duties, liabilities and

obligations, vested by the order in the joint committee.

(4) All property acquired by the joint committee

shall be vested in the boards of guardians of the poor law

unions included in the combination.

Boards of Guardians .

4.—(1) The rural district councillors of any parish

or other area in a rural district shall be the representative's of that parish or area on the board of guardians

1027.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

139

and when acting in that capacity shall be deemed to be

guardians of the poor, and guardians as such shall not

be elected for that parish or area.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, a board of guardians shall

consist of such number of guardians, to be elected in

manner hereinafter provided, as the Minister may

determine, and the Minister may fix the number of

guardians to be elected for the several parishes comprised

in the poor law union and may from time to time, having

regard to the relative population or circumstances of any

such parish, alter the number of guardians to be elected

therefor.

5.—(1) Every board of guardians shall be a body

corporate by the name of " The guardians of the poor of

" , " and shall have perpetual

succession and a common seal, and have power (without

licence in mortmain) to hold land for any of their

powers and duties under this Act.

(2) The Minister may by order change the name of

any poor law union consisting of more than one parish

and direct how such change of name shall be published:

Provided that no such change of name shall affect

any rights or obligations of or securities given by or

to the board of guardians or affect the continuance of

any pending legal proceedings by or against the board.

(3) The addition to or separation of a parish from

a poor law union under this Act shall not affect the

corporate existence, property or privileges of the board

of guardians.

Qualifications and Disqualifications.

6. A person shall not be qualified to be elected or to be

a guardian of a poor law union unless he is registered as a

local government elector of the union, or has during the

whole of the twelve months preceding the election resided

in the union, or is the owner of a freehold or leasehold

interest in land within the union, or in the case of a

guardian for a parish wholly or partly situate within a

borough is qualified to be elected a councillor for that

borough.

Incorporation of

boards of

guardians.

Qualifiea

tions of

guardians.

140

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Disqualifications of

guardians.

7.—(1) A person shall be disqualified for being

elected or being a member of a board of guardians if lie—

(a) is an infant or an alien; or

(b) has within twelve months before his election, or

since his election, received relief; or

(c) has, within five years before his election or since

his election, been convicted either on indictment or summarily of any crime and sentenced

to imprisonment with hard labour without the

option of a fine, or to any greater punishment,

and has not received a free pardon, or has,

within or during the time aforesaid, been

adjudged bankrupt or made a composition or

arrangement with his creditors; or

(d) holds any paid office under the board of

guardians; or

(e) is concerned in any bargain or contract entered

into with the board, or participates in the

profit of any such bargain or contract or of any

work done under the authority of the board:

Provided that a person shall not be disqualified for

being elected or being a member of a board of guardians

by reason of being interested—

(1) in the sale or lease of any lands; or

(ii) in any loan of money to the board; or

(iii) in any newspaper in which any advertisement

relating to the affairs of the board is inserted;

or

(iv) in any contract -with the board as a shareholder

in any joint stock company; but he shall not

vote at any meeting of the board on any

question in which the company is interested,

except that in the case of a water company

or other company established for the carrying

on of works of a like public nature, this prohibition may be dispensed with by the county

council.

(2) Where a person is disqualified by being adjudged

bankrupt or making a composition or arrangement with

his creditors, the disqualification shall cease, in case of

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

141

bankruptcy, when the adjudgment is annulled, or when

he obtains his discharge with a certificate that his

bankruptcy was caused by misfortune without any

misconduct on his part, and, in case of composition or

arrangement, on payment of his debts in full.

(3) If a member of a board of guardians is absent

from meetings of the board for more than six months

consecutively, except in case of illness or for some reason

approved by the board, he shall vacate his seat on the

expiration of that period.

(4) Where a member of a board of guardians becomes

disqualified for holding office, or vacates his seat by

absence, the board shall forthwith declare the office to

be vacant, and signify the same by notice signed by three

members and countersigned by the clerk of the board

and notified in such manner as the board direct, and

the office shall thereupon become vacant.

(5) If any person acts when disqualified, or votes

when prohibited under this section, he shall for each

offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds.

8. —(1) No paid officer engaged in the administration

of the laws for the relief of the poor, nor any person who,

having been a paid officer, has been dismissed within five

years previously from office under the provisions of this Act, or of any Act repealed by this Act, shall be

capable of serving as a guardian.

(2) No person receiving any fixed salary or emolument from so much of the general rate levied within a

poor law union as is applicable to the relief of the poor

shall be capable of serving as a guardian for that union.

Elections.

9. —(1) The electors of the guardians of a parish Election of

shall be the persons registered and entitled to vote as guardians,

local government electors of the poor law union in

respect of qualifications arising in that parish, and, if

the parish is divided into wards for the election of

guardians, the electors of the guardians for each ward

shall be such of those persons as are registered and

entitled to vote in respect of qualifications arising within

the ward.

Paid officers, &c.,

incapable of

serving as

guardians.

142

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Constitution

of electoral

districts.

Powers of

county

council.

(2) Each elector may give one vote and no more for

each of any number of persons not exceeding the number

to be elected.

(3) The election shall, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, be conducted in accordance with

rules framed by the Secretary of State.

10 . — (1)The Minister may, by order, divide any

parish into wards for the election of guardians, and

determine the number of guardians to be elected for every

such ward, having due regard to the net annual value of the property therein according to the valuation list for

the time being in force, and may from time to time alter

any such wards.

(2) The Minister may, by order, add to any parish

for the purposes of the election of guardians any adjoining

parish in the same poor law union, being a parish the

population of which, according to the last census for

the time being, does not exceed three hundred and the

net annual value of the property in which does not exceed

the average net annual value of the property in the

parishes of the union.

11. —(1) A county council may, from time to time,

by order, fix or alter the number of guardians to be

elected for each parish within their county, and for

those purposes may exercise powers of adding parishes

to each other and dividing parishes into wards, similar

to those which by this Part of this Act are for the

purpose of the election of guardians vested in the Minister.

(2) Where a poor law union is situate in more

than one county, the power under this section of fixing

or altering the number of guardians shall be exercised

by a joint committee of the councils of the counties

concerned, but if any of those councils do not, within

two months after request from any other of them, aj'point

members of such joint committee, the members of the

committee actually appointed shall act as the joint

committee:

Provided that, if any order under this subsection is,

within six weeks after the making thereof, objected

to by any of the county councils concerned, or by any

committee of any of those councils authorised in that

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

143

behalf, it shall be of no effect unless and ixntil

confirmed by the Minister.

12.—(1) It ules framed by the Secretary of State Election

in relation to elections of guardians shall have effect ru t"3 and

as if enacted in this Act, and shall tiro vide, amongst su PP le *

Other things— mental pro-

visions.

(a) For every candidate being nominated in writing

by two local government electors as proposer

and seconder and no more;

(b) For preventing an elector at an election from

subscribing a nomination paper or voting in

more than one parish or other area in a poor

law union;

(n) For fixing, or enabling the county council to fix,

the day of the poll and the hours during winch the

poll is to be kept open, so, however, that the

poll shall always be open between the hours of

six and eight in the evening;

(d) For the polls at elections held under this Act

and the Local Government Act, 1894, at the 56 & 57 Vict,

same date, and in the same area being taken c. 73.

together except where this is impracticable;

(e) For the appointment of returning officers for

the elections.

(2) At every election regulated by rules framed

under this Act, the poll shall be taken by ballot, and the

Ballot Act, 1872, the Municipal Elections (Corrupt 35 & 36Vat.

and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884, and sections seventy-four c. 33.

and seventy-five and Part IV. of the Municipal Corpora- 47 & 48 Vict,

tions Act, 1882, as respectively amended by any sub- 45 y; ot

sequent enactment (including the penal provisions of c 5()

those Acts) shall, subject to adaptations, alterations,

and exceptions made by the rules, apply in like

manner as in the case of a municipal election:

Provided that—

(a) Section six of the Ballot Act, 1872, shall apply

in the case of such elections, and the returning

officer may, in addition to using the schools

and public rooms therein referred to free

of charge for taking the poll, use them,

free of charge, for hearing objections to

nomination papers and for counting votes;

and

144

Ch. 14.

Poor Laiv Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

47 & 48 Vict,

c. 70.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 50.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 73.

(b) Section thirty-seven of the Municipal Elections

(Corrupt and Illegal Practices) Act, 1884,

shall apply as if the election were an election

mentioned in the First Schedule to that Act.

(3) The provisions of the Municipal Corporations

Act, 1882, as amended by any subsequent enactment,

with respect to the expenses of elections of councillors

of a borough, and with respect to the acceptance of

office, re-eligibility of holders of office, and the filling of

casual vacancies, and section fifty-six of that Act shall,

subject to the adaptations, alterations and exceptions

made by the said rules, apply in the case of guardians:

Provided that—

(a) Nothing in the enactments applied by this

section shall authorise or require a returning

officer to hold an election to fill a casual

vacancy which occurs within six months

before the ordinary day of retirement from

the office in which the vacancy occurs, and

the vacancy shall be filled at the next

ordinary election; and

(b) The rules may provide for the incidence of the

charge for the expenses of the elections of

guardians being the same as before the

commencement of the Local Government Act,

1894.

(4) If any difficulty arises as respects the election

of any individual guardian, and there is no provision

for holding another election, the county council may

order a new election to be held and give such directions

as may be necessary for the purpose of holding the

election.

(5) Any ballot boxes, fittings, and compartments

provided by or belonging to any public authority, for

any election (whether parliamentary, county council,

municipal or other) shall, on request, and if not required

for immediate use by that authority, be lent to the

returning officer for an election under this Act, upon

such conditions and either free of charge or, except in

cases prescribed by the Minister, for such reasonable

charge as he may prescribe.

(6) The expenses of any election under this Act

shall not exceed the scale fixed by the county council.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

145

13. —(1) If any difficulty arises with respect to

an election of guardians, or to the first meeting after

any ordinary election of guardians, or if, from an

election not being held or being defective, or otherwise,

the board has not been properly constituted, the county

council may, by order, make any appointment or do

anything which appears to them necessary or expedient

for the proper holding of any such election or meeting,

and properly constituting the board, and may, if it

appears to them necessary, direct the holding of an

election or meeting, and fix the dates for any such

election or meeting.

(2) Any such order may modify the provisions of this

Part of this Act relating to elections and the enactments

applied by, or rules framed under, this Part of this Act,

so far as may appear to the county council necessary

or expedient for carrying the order into effect.

(3) A county council may delegate their powers

under this section to a committee.

Term of Office, &c.

14. —(1) The term of office of a guardian shall be

three years, and one third, as nearly as may be, of every

board of guardians shall go out of office on the fifteenth

day of April in each year, and their places shall be filled by

the newly-elected guardians:

Provided that—

(a) where the county council on the application

of the board of guardians of any poor law

union in their county consider that it would

be expedient to provide for the simultaneous

retirement of the whole of the members of

that board, they may direct that the members

of that board shall retire together on the

fifteenth day of April in every third year;

(b) where at the passing of this Act the whole of the

guardians, in pursuance of an order made by

the Local Government Board before the fifth

day of March, eighteen hundred and ninety-

four, or by a county council since that date,

retire together at the end of every third year,

they shall continue so to retire, tinless the

county council, on the application of the board

K

Removal of

difficulties.

Term of

office and

mode of

retirement,

146

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Resignation of

guardians.

or of any district council of a district wholly

or partly within the poor law union, otherwise direct.

(2) The council of each county may, for the purpose of

regulating the retirement of guardians in cases where

they retire by thirds, and in order that as nearly as may

be one third of the persons elected as guardians shall

retire in each year, direct in which year or years of

each triennial period the guardians for each parish, ward,

or other area in the union shall retire.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this section, where

a poor law union is situate in more than one county,

the power under this section of regulating the

retirement of guardians shall be exercised by a joint

committee of the councils of the counties concerned, but

if any of those councils do not, within two months after

request from any other of them, appoint members of such

joint committee, the members of the committee actually

appointed shall act as the joint committee.

(4) Where an order or direction has, whether before

or after the passing of this Act, been made or given by the

council of a county or a joint committee of any such

councils, as the case may be, with respect to the retirement

of members of a board of guardians, the council or joint

committee may, on the like application or request, by

order rescind such first-mentioned order or direction,

and any such order shall provide for all matters

necessary or proper for carrying its objects into effect,

and, in particular, shall require all the guardians in office

at the date thereof to go out of office, and their places

to be filled by the newly-elected guardians on the

fifteenth day of April next following that date.

(5) Where under this section an order is made

by a joint committee, or rescinds an order made by a

joint committee, and the order or the rescinding order

is within six weeks after the making thereof objected

to by any of the county councils concerned or by any

committee of any of those councils authorised in that

behalf, it shall be of no effect unless and until confirmed

by the Minister.

15. The Minister may accept the resignation of

any guardian tendered for any cause which the Minister

may deem reasonable.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

147

Chairman: Vice-Chairman:Additional Members.

16. — (1) A board of guardians shall at their annual Chairman

meeting appoint a chairman for the ensuing year, and if and vice-

the chairman so appointed dies, resigns or becomes clia u* ma n.

incapable of acting, another person shall be appointed

for the period during which the person so dying, resigning,

or becoming incapable would have been entitled to

continue in office, and no longer.

(2) A board of guardians may appoint a vice-

chairman who shall hold office during the term of office

of the chairman, and the vice-chairman shall, in the

absence or during the inability of the chairman, have

the powers and authority of the chairman.

(3) The person appointed chairman or vice-chairman

by a board of guardians may be appointed from outside

their own body, but in such case shall be appointed

from persons qualified to be guardians of the union, and

shall be an additional guardian and a member of the

board.

17. A board of guardians may (in addition to the Additional

chairman and vice-chairman) appoint not more than guardians,

two persons from outside their own body, but from

persons qualified to be guardians of the union, and any

person so appointed shall be an additional guardian

and member of the board.

Meetings and Proceedings.

18. — (1) Every board of guardians shall hold an Meetings of

annual meeting, and other meetings for the transaction guardians,

of business under this Act once at least in each month

and at such other times as may be necessary for properly

executing their powers and duties under this Act.

(2) Meetings of boards of guardians shall be held

and the proceedings thereat shall be conducted in

accordance with the rules contained in the First Schedule

to this Act.

(3) No meeting of a board of guardians shall be

held in premises licensed for the sale of intoxicating

liquor, except in cases where no other suitable room is

available for such meeting either free of charge or at a

reasonable cost.

148

District

committees.

Combination of

unions into

school

districts.

Constitution

of boards of

management.

Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

19. Where the whole of any one or more parishes

comprised in a poor law union is situated at a greater

distance than four miles from the place of meeting of the

board of guardians of the union, the Minister may, on the

application of the board of guardians, form the parish

or parishes into a district and direct the board to appoint

a committee of their members to receive applications

from persons requiring relief in that district, to examine

into such cases, and to report thereon to the board.

School Districts.

20. The Minister may, by order, combine poor law

unions into school districts for the management of any

class or classes of children not above the age of sixteen

years, but the Minister shall not include in any such

district any parish, any part of which would be more

than fifteen miles from any other part of the district,

unless the majority of the guardians of each of the

several unions proposed to be combined consent.

21. — (1) A board of management shall be constituted for every such school district, and shall have

power to accept, take and hold, on behalf of their

district, any lands, buildings, goods, effects or other

property, as a corporation, and in all cases to sue and

be sued as a corporation, by the name of " the Board of

" Management of the School District."

(2) The chairman of the board of guardians of

every poor law union forming part of a school district

shall, if he consent thereto, be ex officio a member of the

board of management, and in addition the board shall

consist of such number of elective members as the Minister may determine.

(3) The elective members shall be elected in such

manner as the Minister may determine, by the boards

of guardians of the several poor law unions comprised

in the school district in such proportions as the Minister

may determine.

(4) The qualification for being an elective member

shall consist in being assessed to rates within the school

district on property of such net annual value as the Minister may fix, so, however, that the value so fixed

shall not exceed forty pounds:

1927.

Poor Laiv Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

149

Provided that any person who would under this Act be disqualified for being a guardian of any poor

law union forming part of a school district by reason of

being or having been a paid officer, or being in receipt

of a salary or emolument payable out of the general

rate, shall be disqualified for being an elective member.

(5) The term of office of an elective member shall

be such period not exceeding three years as the Minister

may determine.

(6) The provisions set forth in the Second Schedule

to this Act shall apply with respect to the election

and resignation of members of boards of management

and to the acts of such boards and the supply of

vacancies therein.

(7) The Minister shall have power to regulate the

proceedings of boards of management or of committees

thereof.

Alteration and Dissolution of Unions and Districts

22.-—(1) If it appears to the Minister that it is

expedient for the better administration of the relief

of the poor that any poor law union should be dissolved,

he may, after inquiry held in the union to be dissolved,

by order dissolve the union.

(2) The Minister may by order declare any parish

to be separated from or added to any poor law union,

but no alteration of the parishes constituting a union,

nor any addition thereto, shall in any manner prejudice,

vary or affect the rights or interests of third persons,

unless such third persons, by themselves or their agents,

consent in writing to the proposed alteration or addition.

(3) Where a poor law union is dissolved or added to

another poor law union, the board of guardians thereof

shall be dissolved as from the date of the dissolution

or addition.

(4) A poor law union altered in pursuance of an order

under this section shall, subject to such rules, orders and

regulations as the Minister may make for adapting the

constitution, management and government thereof to

the altered circumstances, be constituted, managed

and governed as if it had been originally formed in such

altered state.

Power to

dissolve or

alter

unions.

150

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Additional

powers of

Minister as

to unions.

Power to

alter and

dissolve

school districts.

Adjustments on

alteration

of areas or

authorities.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 41.

Property

and liabilities of

dissolved

boards.

(5) Where any poor law union is dissolved, the

parishes constituting the union, or where a poor law

union is altered the parishes separated from the union,

shall thenceforth be subject to be re-united, or united

with other parishes or unions, or otherwise dealt with

according to the provisions of this Part of this Act as

the Minister shall think fit.

23. Where a poor law union is situate in more than

one county, the Minister may, without dissolving the

union, provide, by order, that the union shall continue

to be one union for the purposes of indoor relief

or any of those purposes, and shall be divided into two

or more poor law unions for the purpose of outdoor relief,

and may, by the order, make such provisions as seem

expedient for determining all other matters in relation to

which the union is to be one union or two or more

unions.

24. The Minister may by order dissolve any

school district, or may alter any such district by

adding thereto or taking therefrom any poor law

union, and upon the dissolution of any such district

or the formation of the component parts thereof

into one poor law union, the board of management

thereof shall be dissolved.

25. Where any alteration of areas or authorities

is effected under this Act, agreements may be made

by any boards of guardians or other authorities

affected thereby for the adjustment of any property,

income, debts, liabilities and expenses, so far as they

are affected by the alteration, and section sixty-two

of the Local Government Act, 1888, as set out and

modified with respect to any such adjustment in the

Third Schedule to this Act shall apply.

26. —(1) On the dissolution of a board of guardians

of any poor law union, or the board of management

of any school district, their property and liabilities

shall vest in the successors of the board as hereinafter

defined, without any conveyance or other instrument

or the authority of any court, and such successors

shall continue in office for the purpose of discharging

the debts and liabilities of, and recovering any property due to, the union or district in like manner

as if no dissolution had taken place, and shall have

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

151

power to make any agreements, and carry out any

agreements or awards in relation to the adjustment

under this Act of any property, income, debts, liabilities

and expenses affected by the alteration of any areas

or authorities by reason of the dissolution:

Provided that the successors of the board shall

not be empowered to act in manner aforesaid for a

longer period than twelve months from the date of the

dissolution unless the Minister by order authorises them

to continue to act.

(2) For the purpose of disposing otherwise than in

pursuance of an agreement or award of adjustment of

property so vested in them the successors of the board

shall have the like powers of disposal as are by this Act conferred on boards of guardians.

(3) The provisions contained in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act shall have effect with respect to the successors

of the board.

(4) For the purposes of this section and the said

schedule, the expression "successors of the board "

means the persons, or the survivors of the persons,

acting as members of the board at the time of the

dissolution, and any persons who may be added to or

substituted for those persons by an order of the Minister.

27. —(1) Where any poor law union or school district Compensa-

is dissolved, or any poor law union has been added to tion for loss

another poor law union, or any parish has been added of office >

to or separated from a poor law union, and any person

is, by reason of such dissolution, addition or separation

deprived of any office or employment, or suffers any

diminution of salary or emoluments, the Minister may

award compensation to be paid to that person, either

in a capital sum or by way of annuity.

(2) Any compensation awarded under this section

shall, if and so far as provision for the purpose is not

made by any agreement or award of adjustment under

this Act, be payable by such persons and out of such

fund as the Minister may direct.

28. —(1) All deeds, bonds, covenants, indentures. Transfer of

orders of justices, or other matters affecting any persons, deeds, &c.

apprentices, or officers entered into by or made upon or

in favour of the board of guardians of a poor law union

comprising a parish which is added to a poor law union,

152

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Appoint-

ment of

officers.

shall vest in and enure to the benefit of and shall be a

charge upon the hoard of guardians of the union to

which the parish is added Avithout any assignment,

transfer or other act.

(2) All securities, deeds, orders, books of account,

and other documents relating thereto, shall, when required

by the last-mentioned board of guardians be delivered

to them by the persons having the custody thereof, and

all such deeds (other than the title deeds to property),

bonds, indentures, orders of justices, or other documents

and matters as aforesaid belonging to any dissolved

union or district shall be preserved in such custody and

be open to inspection in such manner as the Minister

may, by order, direct

(3) An alteration of the district for which an officer

acts shall not affect any bond or security which may

have been given in respect of him.

Officers.

29.—(1) The Minister may, by order, direct the

board of guardians of any poor laAv union, or of so many

poor law unions as he may by the order declare to be

united for the purpose only of appointing and paying

officers, to appoint such paid officers, with such qualifications as the Minister thinks necessary, for superintending

or assisting in the administration of the relief of the

poor in the union or united unions, and for otherwise

carrying the provisions of this Act into execution.

(2) The Minister may define the duties to be

performed by officers, and the limits within which

officers are to act in the performance of their duties,

and direct the mode of appointment and determine

the continuance in office or dismissal of officers, and

the amount and nature of the security to be given

by such of them as the Minister thinks ought to give

security, and may, if he thinks fit, regulate the amount

of their salaries and the time and mode of payment

thereof.

(3) The salaries of officers shall be paid by the

board of guardians or the respective boards of guardians

in the manner and proportions fixed by the Minister.

(4) No person who has been convicted of felony,

fraud or perjury shall be eligible to hold any office under

any board of guardians.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

153

30. — (1) If a board of guardians fail for a period Power of

of twenty-eight days after receipt of a requisition from Minister to

the Minister in that behalf to appoint, either originally officers* '

or on a vacancy, any officer whom they are lawfully default D f

required to appoint, the Minister may, at any time appoint-

after the expiration of that period, by order, appoint ment by

a fit person to be such officer, and determine the guardians,

salary or remuneration to be paid to him by the

board.

(2) The person so appointed shall be entitled to

recover such salary or remuneration from the board of

guardians, and shall have all the powers, rights, and

privileges, and shall discharge all the same duties and

incur the same responsibilities, as if the appointment

had been duly made by the board.

31. -—(1) The Minister may, by order, either upon Power of

or without any suggestion or complaint in that behalf Minister to

from the board of guardians, remove or suspend any remove or

officer of the board whom he considers unfit for

or incompetent to discharge his duties, or who at any

time refuses or wilfully neglects to obey and carry into

effect any rules, orders, and regulations made by the Minister, and may require the board to appoint a fit

and proper person in his place.

(2) Any person so removed or suspended shall not be

competent to be appointed to or to fill any paid office

connected with the relief of the poor in any poor law

union except with the consent of the Minister.

(3) An order made by the Minister under subsection (1) of this section in which the Minister declares

that the urgency of the case requires that the order shall

take effect within a period of fourteen days, shall come

into force at such time as the Minister by the order

directs, notwithstanding that fourteen days have not

expired since a copy of the same has been sent by the Minister as required by this Act.

32. A board of guardians may pay to or reimburse Reimburse-

any of their officers any expense necessarily incurred in ment of

repairing or restoring property belonging to the officer damage to

which may have been maliciously damaged or destroyed Pf?P ert y ° *

by any person applying or having applied for relief, and

any costs and expenses incurred in the prosecution of the

offender not allowed by the court.

154

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Officers of

school

districts.

Relief of the poor.

Relief in

sudden or

urgent

cases.

33. —(1) The board of management of every school

district shall have such of the powers of boards of

guardians for the appointment, payment and control

of officers as the Minister may direct, and the Minister

shall have the same powers for directing and regulating

the appointment, duties, remuneration and removal of

officers of any such board as he has with respect to the

officers of a board of guardians.

(2) Every such board of management shall with

the consent of the bishop of the diocese appoint at least

one chaplain of the established church as a paid officer

of the board.

(3) All the provisions of this Act relating to officers

of boards of guardians shall apply to officers of boards

of management.

Part II.

Relief of the Poor.

General.

34. —(1) It shall be the duty of every board of

guardians—

(a) To set to work or put out as apprentices all

children whose parents are not, in the opinion

of the board, able to keep and maintain their

children;

(b) To set to work all such persons, whether married

or unmarried, as have no means to maintain

themselves, and use no ordinary and daily trade

of life to get their living by;

(c) To provide such relief as may be necessary for

the lame, impotent, old, blind and such other

persons as are poor and not able to work; and

(d) To do and execute all other things concerning the

matters aforesaid as to the board may seem

convenient.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act as to

orders of removal, the duties of a board of guardians

under this section shall apply to all persons within their

poor law union.

35. —(1) Every relieving officer, in cases of sudden

or urgent necessity, shall give such relief otherwise than

in money as may be requisite, and whether or not the

applicant for relief is settled in a parish in the poor

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

155

law union; but save as provided by this section or

by any rules, orders or regulations made by the Minister

under this Act, it shall not be lawful for any relieving

officer or any other person concerned with the relief of the poor to give any relief to any poor person except

such as may be ordered by the board of guardians.

(2) If any relieving officer refuses or neglects to

give relief in any case of sudden or urgent necessity to

any person not settled nor usually residing in a parish in

the poor law union, any justice of the peace may, by order

in writing under his hand and seal, require the relieving

officer to give such temporary relief, otherwise than in

money, as the case may require.

(3) Any justice of the peace may give a similar

order for medical relief where any case of sudden and

dangerous illness may require it.

(4) If any relieving officer disobeys any order of a

justice of the peace under this section he shall on

summary conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding

five pounds.

(5) Except as in this section provided, it shall not

be lawful for a justice of the peace to order relief to

any person.

36.—(1) Where any person having a fixed place

of abode in a poor law union requires relief by reason of

accident or sudden illness occurring to him while in a

parish in some other poor law union in which he has no

legal settlement, the cost of all relief lawfu ly given to

him, medical or otherwise, shall—•

(a) if he is then in receipt of relief be paid or reimbursed in like manner and by the same board

of guardians as that other relief; but

(b) if he is not then in receipt of relief, be paid or

reimbursed by the board of guardians of the

poor law union in which he has his place of

abode.

(2) A board of guardians may pay for any medical

or other assistance which may be rendered to any poor

person on the happening of any accident or sudden illness,

although no order has been given for the relief by them

or any of their officers.

Liability for

relief in case

of accident

or illness.

156

Relief to

widows in

certain

cases.

Subscriptions to

hospitals,

&c.

Power to

employ

poor

persons on

cultivation

of land.

Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

37. In the case of a widow who has a legitimate

child dependent on her for support, and no illegitimate

child bom after the commencement of her widowhood,

and who at the time of her husband’s death was resident

with him in some place other than in the poor law union

comprising the parish of her legal settlement, the board

of guardians of the union comprising the parish of her

legal settlement may grant relief to her although she is

not residing in that union:

Provided that the board of guardians of the union

in which the widow may be resident or may require

relief shall be liable to relieve her in the same manner

as any other person requiring relief in that union.

38. A board of guardians may, with the consent of the Minister, contribute by way of an annual subscription towards the support and maintenance of—

(a) any public hospital or infirmary for the reception

of sick or infirm persons; or

(b) any institution for blind or deaf and dumb

persons or for persons suffering from any

permanent or natural infirmity; or any association for aiding such persons; or

(c) any association for providing nurses or for aiding

boys and girls in service; or

(d) any society for the prevention of cruelty to

children; or

(e) any other institution which appears to the board

with the approval of the Minister to be calculated to render useful aid in the administration

of the relief of the poor:

Provided that nothing in this section shall

authorise any subscription to any institution unless the Minister is satisfied that the persons receiving relief from

the board have, or could have, assistance therein in case

of necessity.

39. A board of guardians may employ and set to

work in the cultivation of land acquired by them for the

purpose such persons as the board are by this Act

required to set to work, and may pay to the persons so

employed by them who are not in receipt of other relief

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

157

reasonable wages for their work, and the persons so

employed shall have the like remedies for the recovery

of their wages as other agricultural labourers.

40. If any person for the purpose of obtaining

relief for himself or for any other person wilfully gives a

false name, or makes or uses a false statement to any

board of guardians or any of their officers, he shall be

deemed an idle and disorderly person within the meaning

of section three of the Vagrancy Act, 1824.

Liability for Maintenance, and Recovery of Relief.

41. —(1) It shall be the duty of the father, grandfather, mother, grandmother, husband or child, of a

poor, old, blind, lame and impotent person, or other

poor person not able to work, if possessed of sufficient

means, to relieve and maintain such person.

(2) The mother of an illegitimate child, so long as

she is unmarried or a widow, shall be bound to maintain

such child as part of her family until the child attains

the age of sixteen, or, if a female, marries under that

age.

(3) A man who marries a woman having a child

(whether legitimate or illegitimate) at the time of the

marriage shall be liable to maintain the child as part

of his family, and shall be chargeable with all relief

granted to or on account of the child until the child

attains the age of sixteen, or until the death of the

mother of the child, and the child shall, for the purposes

of this Act, be deemed a part of the husband’s family

accordingly.

(4) A married woman having separate property shall

be subject—

(a) to all such liability for the maintenance of her

husband, children and grandchildren as her

husband is by law subject to for the maintenance of herself, her children and grandchildren;

(b) to the same liability for the maintenance of her

parent or parents as an unmarried woman:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall

relieve her husband from any liability imposed on him

by law to maintain her children and grandchildren.

Obtaining

relief by

false

statement.

5 Geo. 4.

c. 88.

Liability to

relieve and

maintain

relatives.

158

Relief to

wife or

child

treated as

relief to

husband or

parent.

Power to

obtain

maintenance

orders.

Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

42. All relief given to or on account of a wife

shall be considered as given to her husband, and all

relief given to or on account of any child under the

age of sixteen, not being blind or deaf and dumb, shall

be considered as given to the father of the child, or to

the husband of the mother, or, if the mother of the child

is unmarried or a widow, to the mother of the child, as

the case may be:

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this section shall discharge the

father, grandfather, mother and grandmother

of any child from liability to relieve and

maintain the child in pursuance of the

provisions of this Act; and

(b) where the husband of a woman is beyond the

seas, or in legal custody, or in confinement

in a licensed house or asylum as a lunatic or

idiot, or is living apart from her, all relief

given to her or to her child shall, notwithstanding her coverture, be considered as given

to her in the same manner and subject to the

same conditions as if she were a widow,

without prejudice, however, to the liability

of her husband in respect of such refief.

43. —(1) Where a married woman requires relief

without her husband, or, being a lunatic, is removed

to any institution for lunatics, the board of guardians

of the poor law union to which she becomes chargeable

may complain to a petty sessional court having jurisdiction in the union, and upon any such complaint

the court may make an order upon the husband to pay

such sum, weekly or otherwise, towards the cost of the

relief of his wife, as, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, appears to them to be proper, and

shall by the order determine how and to whom the

payments shall from time to time be made.

(2) A board of guardians shall be entitled, on

complaint to a petty sessional court having jurisdiction

in the poor law union, to obtain orders of maintenance

upon the relatives liable under this Act to maintain any

person whose relief would be chargeable to them in such

manner and according to such rate as the court may

order.

1027.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

159

44. —(1) Where any person in receipt of relief has Appropria-

in his possession or belonging to him any money or tion and

valuable security for money, the board of guardians of disclosure of the poor law union to which he is chargeable may take l >ro P ert y-

and appropriate, or recover as a debt, so much of the

money or the produce of the security as will reimburse

the board for the amount expended by them in the

relief of that person during the period of twelve months

prior to such taking and appropriation, or to the

institution of the proceedings for the recovery thereof,

as the case may be.

(2) In the event of the death of any person in

receipt of relief having in his possession or belonging to

him any money or property, the board of guardians of the poor law union in which he dies may reimburse

themselves therefrom the expenses incurred by them in

and about his burial, and in and about his maintenance

at any time during the twelve months previous to his

death.

(3) Every person who applies for relief having at

the time of application in his possession and under his

immediate control any money or other property of

which, on inquiry made by the board of guardians or their

officers, he does not make correct and complete disclosure,

shall be taken to be an idle and disorderly person within

the meaning of the Vagrancy Act, 1824.

45. Any relief, or the cost thereof, which is given Relief by

to or on account of any person above the age of way of loan,

twenty-one, or to his wife, or to any member of his

family under the age of sixteen, and which the Minister

by any rule, order, or regulation directs to be given or

considered as given by way of loan, and whether or

not any receipt for such relief, or engagement to repay

the same or the cost thereof, or any part thereof, has

been given by the person to or on account of whom the

relief was given, shall be considered a loan to such

person.

46. —(1) Any relief granted by way of loan to any Recovery of

person may be recovered in the county court or other relief by

court for the recovery of small debts for the district way of

wherein the poor law union or the greater part thereof loan -

is comprised, on the plaint of the board of guardians.

(2) Where any relief has been given by' way of

loan, or where any relief or the cost thereof is treated

160

Ch. 14.

Poor Laiv Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Recovery of

relief by

way of loan

out of

annuity or

benefit.

as a loan in accordance with the provisions of this Act

or any rules, orders or regulations made thereunder,

any justice of the peace may, upon the application of the board of guardians providing the relief, and upon

proof that the relief was given to or on account of

any person, and that the sum due or any part thereof

remains unpaid, issue a summons to such person requiring him and his employer to appear before a court

of summary jurisdiction, at a time and place to be named

in the summons, to show cause why any wages due to

him, or which may from time to time become due to

him, from his employer should not be paid over, in

whole or in part, to the board.

(3) It no sufficient cause is shown to the contrary,

or if the person does not appear on the return of the

summons, the court shall, by order, direct the employer

for the time being from whom any wages are due or

may from time to time become due or payable to such

person to pay out of the wages to the board, either

in one sum or by such weekly or other instalments as

the court may think fit, having regard to the circumstances of such person and his family, the amount of the relief, or so much thereof as may from time to time

be due or unpaid.

(4) The payment to, and receipt of, the board of

guardians shall be a good discharge to the employer

for so much of the wages as are paid by virtue of any

such order.

(5) If any employer refuses or neglects to pay to

the board of guardians producing any such order the

money thereby directed to be paid according to the

terms of the order, and at the periods thereby fixed,

the money shall from time to time be recoverable

summarily as a civil debt.

47.—(1) Where any person in receipt of relief

which has been declared by the board of guardians

or their relieving officer to be by way of loan, is entitled

whether as a member of a friendly society or otherwise

to any annuity or periodical payment, the trustee or

other person bound to make the payment may, except

as hereinafter in this section provided, from time to time

pay to the board of guardians, out of the instalments

which have become due, the cost incurred in the relief

of that person since the last instalment, and the

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

1G1

payment shall be a good discharge to the trustee or

other person for the money so paid.

(2) Where the expenses of any such relief have

been incurred in respect of a lunatic who is a member

of a friendly society, and is as such entitled to receive

any payment, the board of guardians may, except as

hereinafter in this section provided, recover, as a debt,

from him, or in case of his death from his executors,

administrators or assigns, the sum so expended by them,

and the managing body of the society, if before the

money is paid over notice is served on them by the

clerk to the board of guardians, shall pay the sum to

the board, and shall thereupon be discharged from any

further liability in respect thereof.

(3) Where the person entitled to receive such payment is entitled thereto as a member of a friendly

society, then—

(a) if he has a wife or other relative dependent upon

him for maintenance the foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply, but the money to

which he is so entitled shall, subject to any

deductions for keeping up his membership

required by the rules of the society, be paid or

applied by the managing body of the society to

or for the maintenance of his wife or relative;

(b) if he has no wife or relative dependent upon

him, a claim shall not be made under the

foregoing provisions of this section unless the

board or the relieving officer have, within thirty

days of declaring the relief to be by way of loan,

sent notice in writing thereof to the secretary

or trustees of the society.

For the purposes of this section the expression

" society " includes a branch of a society.

(4) Where any trustee or other person declines to

make any payment in accordance with this section, the

board of guardians may apply to a petty sessional

court, and the court may, if satisfied that it is right in all

the circumstances to do so, make an order upon him

to pay to the guardians the required amounts—

(a) immediately so far as they are then due; and

(b) from time to time thereafter as the liability in

respect of the relief arises.

L

162

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 38.

Power to

regulate

workhouses.

Power to

require provision of

workhouse

accommodation.

Power to

order work-

houses to be

altered, &c.

(5) This section shall not have effect in respect

of any relief granted contrary to the rules, orders and

regulations made under this Act.

(6) Nothing in this section shall affect section seventeen of the National Health Insurance Act, 1924.

Institutional Relief.

48. —(1) The Minister may make rules, orders and

regulations for the government of workhouses and the

preservation of order therein, for the classification of

persons to be relieved in the several workhouses of the

same poor law union, and for the nature and amount of the relief to be given to, and the labour to be exacted

from, the persons relieved in workhouses.

(2) Subject to such rules, orders and regulations as

aforesaid, a board of guardians may prescribe a task

of work to be done by any person relieved in a workhouse

in return for the food and lodging afforded to him:

Provided that, save as otherwise expressly provided

by this Act, no person shall be detained in a workhouse

by reason only of his failure to perform a ta.sk of work

later than the expiration of four hours after the hour of

breakfast on the day following that of his admission into

the workhouse.

49. —(1) The Minister may, with the consent in

waiting of a majority of the board of guardians of any

poor law union, order the board to provide workhouse

accommodation or additional workhouse accommodation

of such size and description and in accordance with

such plans and in such manner as the Minister may deem

most proper for carrying this Act into effect.

(2) For the purposes aforesaid, the order may

authorise the board either to acquire land by purchase

or hire and erect buildings thereon, or to acquire by

purchase or hire any workhouse, or other building

capable of being converted into a workhouse, and to

enlarge or alter the same.

50. —(1) The Minister may, without any such

consent as is mentioned in the last preceding section,

order a board of guardians to enlarge or alter a work-

house, or a building belonging to them capable of being

converted into a w'orkhouse, according to such plan and

in such manner as the Minister considers most proper for

carrying the provisions of this Act into execution, or to

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

163

provide proper drainage, ventilation, fixtures, furniture,

surgical and medical appliances and other conveniences

at any workhouse.

(2) Where a board of guardians consider it expedient to make any enlargement, alteration or improvement of their workhouse, or the premises, drainage

or other appurtenances belonging thereto, at a cost not

exceeding five hundred pounds, and the Minister gives

his consent, they shall not require any order of the Minister to enable them to execute the work.

51. —(1) Where a husband and wife, both being Husbands

above the age of sixty years, are received into a work- aT1 d wives in

house, they shall not whilst in the workhouse be com- workhouses,

pelled to five apart from one another.

(2) Where a husband and wife are admitted into a

workhouse, and either of them is infirm, sick or disabled

by any injury, or above the age of sixty years, the

board of guardians may permit them to live together,

but any such case shall be reported forthwith to the Minister.

52. A board of guardians may direct that any Detention in

inmate, or any class of inmates, shall be detained in a workhouse

workhouse, after giving notice to quit, for times not f° r hunted

exceeding the limited periods hereinafter mentioned; pLno s ’

that is to say,

(a) if the inmate has not previously discharged

himself from the workhouse within one month

before giving the notice, twenty-four hours;

(b) if he has discharged himself once or oftener within

such month, forty-eight hours;

(c) if he has discharged himself more than twice

within tw r o months before giving the notice,

seventy-twe hours;

(d) if he has, in the opinion of the board, discharged

himself frequently without sufficient reason,

one hundred and sixty-eight hours;

and every such inmate shall be detained in the workhouse

for the time specified accordingly:

Provided that—

(i) the board may from time to time alter or

rescind any such direction, and they or, in the

interval between their meetings, the visiting

committee (w r hose direction shall be entered in

•IG-t

Detention of

inmate

suffering

from

disease, &c.

Workhouse

registers.

Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5-

the visitors’ book), may exempt, either wholly

or partially, any inmate from the operation

of this section;

(ii) the master or other person having charge of the workhouse may, if the board of guardians

are not sitting or the visiting committee are

not in attendance, discharge any person to

whom this section applies before the expiration of any such period as aforesaid if any

circumstances in his opinion so require, and

shall report the facts of the case to the

board at their next meeting;

(iii) this section shall not apply to casual poor;

(iv) a direction requiring a longer notice than

seventy-two hours to be given must be

entered in the minutes, and must specify the

name of the person to whom it applies.

53. If an inmate of a workhouse is suffering from

delirium tremens or from bodily disease of an infectious

or contagious character, and the medical officer of the

workhouse upon examination reports in writing that

the inmate is not in a proper state to leave the work-

house without danger to himself or others, the board of

guardians may direct the master to detain him therein,

or, if the board are not sitting, the master may, until

the next meeting of the board, detain him therein, and

the inmate shall not be discharged from the workhouse

until the medical officer certifies in writing that discharge

may take place:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent

the removal of any inmate after his parent or next-of-

kin has given to the board such an undertaking as

they consider satisfactory to provide for the removal,

charge and maintenance of the inmate with due care

and attention while the malady continues.

54. The master of every workhouse, or such other

officer as the Minister may direct, shall register in

a book to be provided by the board of guardians in

such form as the Minister may appoint and kept specially

for that purpose, the name of every person in receipt of

relief in the workhouse, together with such particulars

respecting the family and settlement of every such

person, and his and their relief and employment as the Minister thinks fit.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

165

55. —(1) A board of guardians shall cause all goods Marking of

capable of being marked, and belonging to them, to be goods, kc.

marked, stamped, or branded with such mark as they

think ]»roper for identifying the board by whom the

goods have been provided; so however that no such

mark or stamp shall be placed on any article of wearing

apparel so as to be publicly visible.

(2) Any such mark, stamp, or brand as aforesaid

on any article (being duly authenticated) shall be taken

to be sufficient evidence, without further proof, of the

property of the board in the article.

56. If a board of guardians do not appoint a Visitation

visiting committee for the purpose of visiting their of woik-

workhouse, or if three months have elapsed during houses,

which a visiting committee have not visited the work-

house, the Minister shall appoint a visitor, not being

a member of the board, at a salary to be fixed by him

to be paid by the board:

Provided that the appointment of any such paid

visitor shall cease at the expiration of three months

next after the appointment of a visiting committee by

the board, subject nevertheless to his re-appointment

in case of any repetition of such failure of the board or

visiting committee as aforesaid.

57. —(1) Any justice of the peace having jurisdiction Power of

in the place where a workhouse is situate may visit and justices to

inspect the workhouse, at such times as he may think inspect

proper, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the " or v " ouses

rules, orders and regulations made by the Minister and

applicable to the workhouse are duly observed and

obeyed therein, and may examine into the state and

condition of the inmates of the workhouse, and their

food, clothing and bedding, and the state and condition

of the workhouse.

(2) If in the opinion of the justice the rules,

orders or regulations, or any of them, have not been

duly observed and obeyed in the workhouse, it shall be

lawful for him to summon the person offending to

appear before a court of summary jurisdiction to

answer any complaint touching such non-observance,

and the offender shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

106

Ch. H-

Poor Law Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Reception in

workhouses

of persons

belonging to

other

unions.

Limitation

on powers of

masters,

&c., of

workhouse

to punish.

Introduction of

intoxicating

liquors

into work-

houses.

58. —(1) The board of guardians of a poor law union

to which a workhouse belongs may, with the consent of the Minister, receive, lodge and maintain in the work-

house, any poor person belonging to any other poor law

union upon such terms as may be agreed between the

boards of guardians concerned.

(2) Any such person so received in a workhouse shall,

while therein, be treated in all respects in like manner,

and be subject to the same regulations and liabilities, as

the other persons therein, and shall be deemed to be

chargeable in the first instance to the receiving union;

but his residence in that workhouse shall, in all other

respects, be attended with the same legal consequences

as if the workhouse v r ere situaled within the poor law

union from which he was sent.

59. —(1) No master of a workhouse or other person

concerned in the administration of relief, shall punish

with corporal punishment any adult person under his

care or charge for any offence or misbehaviour whatsoever,

or confine any such person for any offence or misbehaviour

for more than twenty-four hours, or such further

time as may be necessary in order to have such person

brought before a justice of the peace.

(2) No master of a workhouse shall, on any pretence,

chain or confine by chains or manacles any poor person

of sane mind.

60. —(1) If any person introduces, or attempts to

introduce, into any workhouse any intoxicating liquor

without the order in writing of the master of the

workhouse, it shall be lawful for the master of the

workhouse, or any officer acting under his direction,

to cause that person to be apprehended and brought

before a justice of the peace, and the offender shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

ten pounds.

(2) For the purposes of this section a court of

summary jurisdiction may consist of a single justice of the peace, but in such case the fine imposed shall not

exceed twenty shillings.

Offences by 61.—(1) If the master of a workhouse orders

masters and any intoxicating liquor to be introduced into the

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. U.

1G7

workhouse, except for the domestic use of himself or officers of

of any officer thereof or their respective families, or workhouses,

except by and under the written authority of the medical

officer of the workhouse or of a justice visiting the

workhouse, or of the board of guardians, or in conformity

with any rules, orders or regulations made by the Minister, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) If the master or any other officer of a

workhouse—

(a) introduces into the workhouse or sells, uses,

lends, or gives away therein, or knowingly

permits, or suffers to be introduced, or sold,

used, lent or given away therein, any intoxicating

liquor, contrary to the rules, orders, and regulations made by the Minister; or

(b) punishes with any corporal punishment any

adult person in the workhouse; or

(c) confines any such person for any offence or

misbehaviour for more than twenty-four hours,

or such further time as may be necessary in

order to have such person carried before a justice

of the peace; or

(d) in any way abuses or ill-treats, or is guilty of

any other misbehaviour, or otherwise misconducts himself towards or with respect to

any inmate of the workhouse,

he shall, for every such offence, be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) Proceedings under this section shall not be

instituted except on the information of the board of

guardians or an inmate of the workhouse.

62. It shall be the duty of the master of a work- Posting up

house to keep posted up in a conspicuous place in the of copies of

workhouse one or more copies of the two last preceding two . P re -

sections, and if lie fails to do so he shall be liable on 8ec *

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

63. — (1) The Minister may make orders for regu- Regulation

lating the mode in which a contract for the lodging, of boarding

boarding, or maintenance of any poor person may be contracts -

entered into by a board of guardians with the proprietor,

manager, or superintendent of any house or establishment.

168

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Rules for

boardinghouses.

Removal of

officers of

boardinghouses.

and the terms and duration of any such contract, and

if, after the making of any such order, any contract is

entered into with any such proprietor, manager or

superintendent, or any person acting on his behalf,

which is not in accordance with the order, the contract

shall be voidable, or if the Minister so directs the contract

shall be void.

(2) All payments made under or in pursuance of

any contract not entered into in conformity with such

order as aforesaid at any time after the Minister has

declared it to be void, and has given notice of such

declaration to the board of guardians, shall be disallowed

in their accounts, or the accounts of any of their officers

by whom payments have been made or charged.

64. —(1) The Minister may make rules, orders and

regulations for the management and government of

any house or establishment wherein any poor person is

lodged, boarded, or maintained, for hire or remuneration,

under contract with any board of guardians, in like

manner and to the same extent as he is empowered to

do in the case of a workhouse, and the Minister may by

any such order prohibit the reception or retention of

any poor person or any class of poor persons in the house

or establishment.

(2) The Minister may direct any such rules, orders,

and regulations to any person being or acting as the

proprietor, manager, or superintendent, or as an officer,

in any such house or establishment, and they shall come

into operation as soon after they are made as may be

fixed thereby, and shall be binding upon the person

named therein, and, if the Minister so directs, upon

every person who afterwards succeeds him in the same

capacity.

(3) Nothing in this section shall extend to any

institution for lunatics, nor to any hospital, infirmary,

school, or other institution supported by public subscriptions and maintained for purposes of charity only.

65. —(1) The Minister may, by order, remove from

office any officer of any such house or establishment

whom he considers unfit or incompetent to discharge

the duties of his office, or who at any time refuses or

wilfully neglects to obey and carry into effect any of

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

1G9

the rules, orders, or regulations issued by the Minister

for the regulation of the house or establishment or of the

officers or inmates thereof.

(2) Upon such removal the officer shall forthwith

cease to act in his office, and shall not be entitled to any

salary, wages or other remuneration in respect of any

period after his removal.

66. —(1) The Minister may appoint a person, either

temporarily or permanently, to visit and inspect any

such house or establishment and the persons received

and maintained therein, and to make a report to him

upon any inspection.

(2) There shall be paid to such visitors by the

boards of guardians of the several poor law unions from

which persons have been sent to the house or establishment, and are at the time of the inspection maintained

therein, such remuneration as the Minister may, by

order, direct.

(3) Any justice of the peace having jurisdiction in

the place in which any such house or establishment is

situated may visit, inspect and examine the house or

establishment at such times as he may think proper for

the like purpose, and with the same power, as a justice

has, by virtue of this Act, in respect of a workhouse.

67. A board of guardians may provide for the

reception, maintenance and instruction of any adult

person in receipt of relief, being blind or deaf and dumb,

in any institution established for the reception of persons

suffering from such infirmities, and may pay the charges

incurred in the conveyance of any such person to and from

the institution as well as the expenses incurred in his

maintenance, support and instruction therein.

68. A board of guardians may, with the consent of the Minister, send any idiot in receipt of relief to an

establishment for the reception and relief of idiots

whether maintained at the cost of the rates or by voluntary subscription, and may, with the like consent,

send any person in receipt of relief, being an idiot or an

imbecile or insane person, who may lawfully be detained

in a workhouse to the workhouse of any other poor law

union with the consent of the board of guardians of that

union, and pay the cost of the maintenance, clothing and

Inspection

and visitation of

boardinghouses.

Blind or

deaf and

dumb

persons.

Idiots, &c.

170

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Provision

of casual

wards.

Diet and

discipline of

casual poor.

Discharge of

casual poor.

Power to

search

casual poor.

lodging of such person in the establishment or workhouse,

as well as the cost of his conveyance thereto or his removal

therefrom, and the expenses of his burial, when necessary.

Casual Poor.

69. Every board of guardians shall provide within

their poor law union such casual wards, with such fittings

and furniture, as the Minister, having regard to the

number of casual poor persons likely to require relief

therein, considers necessary.

70. Every casual poor person shall, subject to

the provisions of this Act, be admitted, dieted, and set

to work and discharged in such manner, and shall be

subject to such regulations, as the Minister may prescribe,

and the work so prescribed shall be in substitution for

any task of work prescribed under the foregoing provisions

of this Act.

71. — (1) A casual poor person shall not be entitled

to discharge himself from a casual ward before the

hour of nine o’clock in the morning of the second day

following his admission, nor before he has performed the

work prescribed for him in accordance with this Act.

(2) Where a casual poor person has been admitted

on more thaii one occasion during one month into any

casual ward of the same poor law union, he shall not be

entitled to discharge himself before the hour of nine

o’clock in the morning of the fourth day after his

admission, and he may at any time during that interval

be removed by any officer of the board of guardians,

or by a police constable, to the workhouse of the union,

and be required to remain in the workhouse for the

remainder of the period of his detention:

Provided that, in computing the number of days

during which a casual poor person may be detained

under this section, Sunday shall not be included.

72. Upon application for relief by any person

representing himself to be a casual poor person, the

master or other officer of the workhouse, or the relieving

officer to whom the application is made, may cause

him to be searched, and may take from him any money

which is found upon him, and shall deliver it to the

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

171

board of guardians to be applied towards the payment

of their expenses under this Act.

Outdoor Relief.

73.—(1) The Minister may declare, by such rules, Power of

orders or regulations as he may think fit, to what extent Minister to

and for what period the relief to be given to able-bodied regulateout-

persons or to their families in any particular poor law oor re e ‘

union may be administered out of the workhouse, either

in money or by the provision of food or clothing, or

partly in one way and partly in the other, and in what

proportions, to what persons or class of persons, at

what times and places, on what condition?, and in what

manner such outdoor relief may be afforded.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, all relief which

is given by any person having the control or distribution of the funds for the relief of the poor, contrary to

such rules, orders or regulations, shall be unlawful and

shall be disallowed in the accounts of the person giving

the same.

(3) If a board of guardians to whom any such

rules, orders or regulations are addressed, upon consideration of the special circumstances of their poor law

union, or of any person or class of persons therein, are

of opinion that the application and enforcement of the

rules, orders or regulations, or of any part thereof, at

the time or in the manner prescribed by the Minister,

would be inexpedient, it shall be lawful for the board to

delay the operation of the rules, orders or regulations, or

of any part thereof, for any period not exceeding thirty

days, to be reckoned from the day of the receipt of the

rules, orders or regulations, and the board shall, twenty

days at least before the expiration of that period, make

a report of the special circumstances to the Minister.

(4) All relief given by the board before an answer

to the report has been returned by the Minister, if

otherwise lawful, shall not be deemed unlawful although

given contrary to the rules, orders or regulations, or any

of them, but if the Minister disapproves of the delay,

or thinks that for the future the rules, orders or regulations ought to come into operation notwithstanding

the special circumstances alleged by the board, he may,

by a peremptory order (which may notwithstanding

anything in this Act come into operation immediately),

172

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power of

justices to

order outdoor relief

to aged and

infirm.

Offences by-

persons for

whom task

of work prescribed.

direct that from a day to be fixed thereby the rules,

orders and regulations, or such parts thereof as he may

think expedient and proper, shall with or without modifications be enforced and observed by the board, and if

any allowance is made or relief given by the board after

the day so fixed contrary to any such last-mentioned

order, the amount of the relief or allowance so given

shall be disallowed in the accounts of the person giving

the same.

(5) If a board of guardians to whom any such

rules, orders or regulations are addressed depart from

them or any of them in any particular instance of

emergency, and within fifteen days after any such

departure report the same and the grounds thereof to

the Minister, and the Minister approves of the departure,

or if the relief so given has been given in food, temporary

lodging, or medicine and has been so reported as aforesaid,

the relief granted by the board, if otherwise lawful,

shall not be unlawful or subject to be disallowed.

74. It shall be lawful for any court of summary

jurisdiction having jurisdiction in a poor law union by

order to direct that relief shall be given to any adult

person who from old age or infirmity of body is wholly

unable to work, without requiring him to reside in a

workhouse, if such person is lawfully entitled to relief

in the union and desires to receive relief out of a

workhouse:

Provided that such an order shall not be made

unless one of the justices constituting the court can

certify that to his own knowledge such person is wholly

unable to work as aforesaid and so certifies in the order.

75. Where a board of guardians prescribe a task

of work to be performed by any person to whom, or to

whose wife or to whose child under the age of sixteen,

outdoor relief is granted by the board (being a task

suited to the age, sex, strength and capacity of that

person and being of a nature and description of which

the Minister has previously approved) and that person

refuses or wilfully neglects to perform the task, or

wilfully damages any of the tools, materials or other

property belonging to the board, he shall be deemed to

be an idle and disorderly person within the meaning of

section three of the Vagrancy Act, 1824.

5 Geo. 4.

c. 83.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

173

76. —(1) In granting outdoor relief to a member Outdoor

of a friendly society, a board of guardians shall not take relief to

into consideration any sum received from the friendly ° *

society as sick pay except so far as it exceeds five societies,

shillings a week:subject as aforesaid in estimating the &c.

amount of relief to be granted to any such member it

shall be at the discretion of the board of guardians

whether they will or will not take into consideration the

amount received by him from the friendly society.

(2) In granting outdoor relief to a person in receipt

of or entitled to receive any benefit under the National 14 & 15

Health Insurance Act, 1924, the guardians shall not eo - 5 - c - 38.

take into consideration any such benefit, except so far

as such benefit exceeds seven shillings and sixpence a week.

77. Every board of guardians shall cause to be Register of

registered in a book to be provided by them in such P ersons i* 1

form as the Minister may appoint and kept specially for

that purpose, the name of every person in receipt of re i ief

outdoor relief in the poor law union, together with such

particulars respecting the family and settlement of every

such person and his and their relief and employment as

the Minister thinks fit.

Children.

78.—(1) Where a child is maintained by a board of Control of

guardians and— guardians

over

orphans, &o.

(a)

(l>)

the child has been deserted by his parent; or

the board are of opinion that by reason of

mental deficiency, or of vicious habits or mode

of life, a parent of the child is unfit to have

the control of the child; or

(c) a parent of the child is unable to perform his or

her parental duties by reason of being under

sentence of penal servitude or of being detained

under the Inebriates Act, 1898; or 61 & 62 Vict

(d) a parent of the child has been sentenced to c - 60.

imprisonment in respect of any offence against

any of his or her children; or

(e) a parent of the child is permanently bedridden

or disabled and is the inmate of a workhouse,

and consents to the resolution herein-after

mentioned; or

(f) both the parents are dead, or in the case of an

illegitimate child the mother is dead;

174

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

the hoard, may at any time resolve that until the

child reaches the age of eighteen years all the rights

and powers of such parent as aforesaid, or if both

parents are dead of the parents, in respect of the child

shall, subject as in this section mentioned, vest in the

board, and thereupon those rights and powers shall

so vest accordingly and shall continue so vested whether

the child does or does not continue to be maintained

by the board:

Provided that the board may rescind the resolution if they think that it will be for the benefit of the child that it should be rescinded, or may permit

the child to be, either permanently or temporarily,

under the control of the parent, or of any other relative

or of any friend, or of any society or institution for the

care of children.

(2) A court of summary jurisdiction, if satisfied on

complaint made by a parent, or if there is no parent by

the guardian, of a child that there was no ground for the

resolution, or that it is for the benefit of the child that

the child should be either permanently or temporarily

under the control of his parent or guardian, or that the

resolution of the board should be determined, may make

an order accordingly, and the board shall comply with

the order, and if the order determines the resolution

it shall be thereby determined as from the date of the

order, and the board shall cease to have the rights and

powers of the parent as respects the child.

(3) For the purposes of this section a child shall be

deemed to be maintained by a board of guardians if the

child is wholly or partly‘maintained by them in a work-

house or in any district school, separate school, separate

infirmary, sick asylum, hospital for infectious disease,

institution for the deaf, dumb, blind or idiots, or any

certified school, or is boarded out by the board, whether

within or without the limits of the union.

(4) Nothing in this section shall relieve any person

from any liability to contribute to the maintenance of

a child, but the fact of such contribution being made

shall not deprive a board of guardians of any of the

powers and rights conferred on them by this section.

(5) Nothing in this section shall authorise a board

of guardians to cause a child to be educated in any

religious creed other than that in which the child would

11)27 .

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

175

have been educated but for any resolution of the board

under this section, nor affect the provisions of this Act

respecting the religious education of a child maintained

by a board of guardians, or respecting the right of any

minister of the same religious persuasion as the child

to visit and instruct the child, nor affect any provisions

of this Act relating to the religious education of children

maintained by a board of guardians.

(6) If any person—

(a) knowingly assists, directly or indirectly, a

child who has, in pursuance of this section,

been placed under the control of a board of

guardians to leave, without the consent of the

board, the place where the child is under

that control; or

(b) knowingly induces, directly or indirectly, any

such child to leave that place; or

(c) knowingly harbours or conceals a child who

has so left that place, or prevents him from

returning to that place,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds.

(7) In the case of any child who is deemed to be

maintained by a board of guardians and who is with

their consent adopted by any person, the board shall,

during a period of three years from the date of such

adoption, cause the child to be visited at least twice in

each year by some competent person appointed by them

for the purpose, who shall report to them on such visit,

and the board may, if they think fit, at any time during

such period revoke their consent to the adoption, and

thereupon the child shall be forthwith returned to them

by the person having the custody of the child:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply when

the adoption is effected under the Adoption of Children 16 & 17

Act, 1920. Geo. 5. c. 29.

79. Every board of guardians shall provide for Reception

the reception of children and young persons brought an< l main-

to a workhouse in pursuance of the Children Act, 1908, of

and, where the place to which under that Act a child or n ’

young person is authorised to be taken is a workhouse, workhouses,

the master shall receive the child or young person into 8 Edw. 7.

c. 67.

17(3

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Reception of

children

belonging to

another

union.

District

schools.

the workhouse if there is suitable accommodation therein,

and any expenses incurred in respect of the child or

young person shall be paid by the board of guardians.

80. — (1) Where in a building belonging to a board

of guardians adequate provision is made for the

reception, maintenance and education of poor children,

and there is more accommodation therein at any time

than the board require for the poor children under their

care, they may, with the consent of the Minister,

contract with the board of guardians of any other poor

law union for the reception and maintenance therein and

instruction of any children under the age of sixteen years

chargeable to such other union, being orphans or children

deserted by their parents, or children whose parents or

surviving parent consent.

(2) The children received under any such contract

shall, while at such building, be maintained and instructed in the same manner in all respects as the

children of the poor law union to which the building

belongs, and shall be subject to the control and management of the board of guardians of that union and

their officers in like manner as if they were chargeable

to that union:

Provided that the residence of any such child in

any such building shall in all other respects be attended

with the same legal consequences as if the building

were situated within the poor law union from which

such child was sent.

81. — (1) The Minister may direct the board of

management of a school district to purchase, hire or

build, and to equip, buildings of such size and description and according to such plans, and in such manner,

as the Minister may deem most proper, for the purpose

of being used or rendered suitable for the relief and

management of the children to be received into the school.

(2) The Minister may issue rules, orders and regulations for the government of any such school and the

inmates thereof as if the school were a workhouse.

(3) It shall be lawful at all times for any of His

Majesty’s Inspectors of Schools to visit any district

school, and to examine into the proficiency of the scholars

therein.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

177

82. —(1) Every board of management of a school Powers and

district shall have such of the powers of a board of duties of

guardians for the relief and management of the children b° ards of

within any such school as the Minister may direct, and e^ se '

orders of a board of management may be enforced in

the same manner and by the same remedies as orders

of a board of guardians.

(2) Any such board of management shall in the case

of children in a district school suffering from disease

have the like powers of detention as are by this Act

conferred on boards of guardians in the case of inmates

of workhouses.

83. —(1) Any child, not above the age of sixteen Children

years, who is chargeable to a poor law union comprised wh o may he

in a school district and who is an orphan or has been ent tl s '

deserted by his parents or whose parents or surviving nc st 00, s *

parent consent, may be sent to a school of the district.

(2) Any child not above the age of sixteen years who

is chargeable to a poor law union which does not form

part of a school district and who is an orphan, or has

been deserted by his parents, or whose parents or surviving parent or guardians consent, may be sent by the

board of guardians to a school in any school district the

board of management whereof are willing to receive the

child, and the provisions of this Act relating to the

reception in a workhouse of persons belonging to

another poor law union shall apply with the necessary

modifications.

(3) When a child is sent to a district school from a

poor law union which does not form part of a school

district—

(a) the costs of the maintenance, employment and

instruction of the child in the school shall be

paid by the board of guardians to the board

of management according to such rates and at

such times and in such manner as may be

agreed between the said boards, with the

approval of the Minister;

(b) any such child while at the school shall be

subject to the control and management of the

board of management and their officers in like

manner as if the poor law union formed part

of the school district.

M

178

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Certification

of schools.

Power to

send

children to

certified

schools.

84. —(1) The Minister may, if he thinks fit, upon

the application in writing of the managers of any school

supported wholly or partially by voluntary subscriptions,

appoint a person to examine into the condition of the

school and to report to him thereon, and, if satisfied

with the report, may certify that the school is fitted for

the reception of such children or persons as may be

sent there by a board of guardians in pursuance of this Act.

(2) If at any time the Minister is dis-satisfied with

the condition or management of a certified school, he

may, by notice addressed to the managers, declare that

the certificate is withdrawn from such day, not less than

two months after the date of the notice, as may be

specified therein.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" school " includes any institution established for the

instruction of idiots or of blind, deaf, dumb, lame

or deformed persons, but does not include any certified

reformatory school.

85. Subject to the provisions of this Act as to

blind children and deaf and dumb children, a board of

guardians may send any poor child to any certified school

if the managers of the school are willing to receive the

child, and may pay the reasonable expenses incurred in

the maintenance, clothing and education of the child

whilst in the school, to an amount not exceeding such

rate of payment as may be sanctioned by the Minister,

and in the conveyance of the child to and from the school,

and, in the case of death, the expenses of burial:

Provided that—

(a) except in the case of an orphan or a child

deserted by his parents or surviving parent,

a child shall not be sent to a certified school

without the consent of his parents or surviving

parent; but in the case of an illegitimate

child the consent of the mother, if she has

the care, custody or possession of the child,

shall be sufficient;

(b) nothing in this Act shall enable a board of

guardians to keep any child in a certified

school against the will of the child if above the

age of fourteen, or, whatever may be the age

of the child, against the will of the parents or

surviving parent of the child;

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

17 J

(c) no child shall be sent to a certified school

which is conducted on the principles of a

religious denomination to which the child

does not belong.

86 . A board of guardians may, with the approval

of the Minister, send any poor deaf and dumb or blind

clfild who is—

(a) an idiot or imbecile; or

(b) resident in a workhouse or in an institution to

which he has been sent by a board of guardians

from a workhouse; or

(c) boarded out by a board of guardians,

to any school fitted for the reception of such children,

whether or not the school is a certified school, but save

as aforesaid it shall not be lawful for a board of

guardians to send any deaf and dumb or blind child to

any school.

87. —(1) If the Minister is of opinion that any

person is aggrieved by any child being sent to or kept

at a certified school, he may order the child to be

removed, and the board of guardians shall forthwith

cause the child to be removed from the school, and

every engagement previously entered into for the payment of the charges for the child shall thereupon become

void for the future.

(2) The board of guardians may at any time, at

their discretion, and shall, if so required by the managers

of the school or upon the withdrawal of the certificate,

cause any child to be removed from a certified school

and brought back to the poor law union.

88 . —(1) Every certified school shall be open to the

visitation and inspection of any inspector appointed by

the Minister, who shall be empowered to make any

examination into the state and management of the

school which he thinks requisite and as to the condition

and treatment of the children therein, and shall report

thereon to the Minister.

(2) A board of guardians by whom any child may

have been sent to a certified school may from time to

time appoint any one of their number to visit and inspect

the school, and the school shall at all reasonable times

be open to such visitation and inspection.

Special provisions as to

deaf and

dumb and

blind

children.

Power to

remove

children

from certified school.

Inspection

of certified

schools.

180

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Provisions as to Religious Creed .

Separate 89.—(1) The officer for the time being acting as

creed the master or superintendent of a workhouse, or district

register. school, shall keep a register of the religious creed of the

inmates of the workhouse or school, separate from all

other registers, in such form and with such particulars as

may be prescribed by the Minister, and shall, upon the

admission of any person to the workhouse or school,

make due inquiry into his religious creed and enter the

same in the register.

(2) In regard to any child under the age of twelve

years in a workhouse or district school, the master or

superintendent shall enter in the creed register, as the

religious creed of the child, the religious creed of the

father, or, if the creed of the father cannot by reasonable

inquiry be ascertained, the creed of the mother unless her

creed cannot by reasonable inquiry be ascertained.

The creed of an illegitimate child under the said age

shall be deemed to be that of his mother, when that

can be ascertained.

(3) If any question arises as to the correctness of

any entry in the register, the Minister may inquire into

the circumstances of the case and determine such

question and direct such entry to remain or to be

amended.

(4) Every minister of any religious denomination

officiating in the church, chapel or other registered place

of religious worship of that denomination nearest to any

workhouse or district school, or any ratepayer in the

poor law union or district, shall be allowed to inspect

the creed register between the hours of ten o’clock in

the morning and four o’clock in the afternoon on any

day except Sunday.

Provisions 90.—(1) No inmate of a workhouse or district

as to reli- school shall be obliged to attend any religious service

gious ser- which ma y he celebrated in a mode contrary to his

Z=2L religious principles.

(2) On the request of an inmate, any licensed

minister of his religious denomination may, at all times

in the day, visit the workhouse or district school for

the purpose of affording the inmate religious assistance,

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

181

or for the purpose of instructing any child of the inmate

in the principles of the child’s religion.

(3) Any minister of any religious denomination

officiating in the church, chapel or other religious place

of worship of that denomination nearest to any work-

house or district school may, in accordance with regulations to be approved or ordered by the Minister, visit

and instruct any inmate of the workhouse or school

entered in the creed register as belonging to the same

religious creed as the minister, unless the inmate, being

above the age of fourteen, and after having been visited

at least once by a minister of that denomination, objects

to being instructed by him.

(4) Every inmate of a workhouse for whom a

religious service according to his own creed is not provided in the workhouse, may, subject to regulations to

be approved or ordered by the Minister, be permitted

to attend at such times as the Minister may allow some

place of worship of the inmate’s own denomination, if

there is any such place of worship within a convenient

distance of the workhouse:

Provided that the board of guardians may, on the

ground that such permission has been abused or on some

other special ground, refuse permission to any particular

inmate, and shall in such case cause an entry of such

refusal, and the grounds thereof, to be made in their

minutes.

91—(1) Where a child who is an inmate of a

workhouse or a district school is regularly visited by a

minister of his own religion for the purpose of religious

instruction, then, if the parents or surviving parent of the child, or, in the case of an orphan or deserted child,

if such minister as aforesaid, makes a request in writing

to that effect, the child shall not be instructed in any

other religious creed or be required or permitted to

attend the services of any other religious creed than that

entered in the creed register, except where the child is

over the age of twelve years and desires to receive

instruction in some other creed or to attend the services

of some other religious creed and is considered by the Minister to be competent to exercise his own judgment

on the subject.

(2) A child who being an inmate of a workhouse or

district school is not so regularly visited as aforesaid.

Religious

instruction

of children.

182

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Transfer of

child to

certified-

school of

appropriate

religion.

Power of

guardians

to hind

children

apprentices.

Duties of

masters of

apprentices

shall not be instructed in any religious creed other than

that professed by his parents or surviving parent, and to

which his parents or surviving parent object, or, in the

case of an orphan or deserted child, to which his next-of-

kin object.

92.—(1) If the parent, step-parent, nearest adult

relative, or next-of-kin of any child, not belonging to the

established church, relieved in a workhouse or in a

district school, or, if there is no parent, step-parent,

nearest adult relative, or next-of-kin, the god-parent of the child, makes application to the Minister in that

behalf, the Minister may, if he thinks fit, order that the

child shall be sent to some certified school established for

the reception, maintenance and education of children

of the religion to which the child belongs.

(2) Upon such an order being made, the board of

guardians of the poor law union to which the child is

chargeable shall cause the child to be conveyed to such

school accordingly, and pay the costs and charges of the maintenance, lodging, clothing and education of the

child therein.

(3) In the case of a deserted child or an orphan

on behalf of whom no relative, next-of-kin, stepparent, or god-parent makes application, the Minister

may exercise the power conferred upon him by this

section upon being satisfied that there is reasonable

ground for so doing.

Apprentices, dec.

93. —(1) Subject to the enactments relating to the

employment of children, a board of guardians may bind

any child whose parents are not, in the opinion of the

board, able to maintain the child, to be an apprentice

until the child attains the age of twenty-one years, or,

being a female, marries under that age.

(2) The binding shall be as effectual for all purposes

as if the child were of full age and by indenture of

covenant bound himself.

94. —(1) The Minister may, by order, prescribe

the duties to be performed by the masters to whom

poor children may be apprenticed, and the terms and

1027.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

183

conditions to be inserted in the indentures by which

children may be bound as apprentices.

(2) Every master of such an apprentice who wilfully

refuses or neglects to perform any of the terms or

conditions so inserted in any such indenture shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds.

(3) Subject to any such order as aforesaid, the

provisions contained in the Fifth Schedule to this Act

shall apply in the case of apprentices upon the binding

of whom no sum, or no larger sum than five pounds,

is paid.

(4) Nothing in this Act shall directly or indirectly

affect the provisions of any Act relating to apprentices

to the sea service.

95. —(1) It shall not be lawful for the master of

an apprentice bound by a board of guardians to assign

him to any other person or to discharge him from his

service without the consent in writing of two justices

having jurisdiction in the place where the master resides.

(2) If any such master assigns any such apprentice

to any other person, or discharges him from his service

without such consent as aforesaid, he shall be liable

on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten

pounds.

96. —(1) If any person to whom a child has been

bound apprentice by a board of guardians removes his

residence or place of business out of the county, or forty

miles from the parish wherein it was situated when the

child was bound, he shall, at least fourteen days before

the removal, give notice in writing thereof to the board

of guardians of the poor law union wherein the apprentice

is then resident.

(2) The board of guardians and the master of the

apprentice shall cause the apprentice to appear before

two justices of the peace having jurisdiction in the

place where he is serving, who may mahe an order,

either for the continuance or discharge of the apprenticeship or for the binding or assigning of the apprentice

to some other person, as they think fit, and may also

require the master to pay the amount of the premium

received with the apprentice, or such portion of it as

they think fit, for the_bxpense of binding or assigning

the apprentice to some other person.

Restrictions

on discharge

and transfer

of appren* .

tiees.

Change of

residence of

master.

184

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Appeals.

Register of

apprentices.

Register of

young

persons

taken as

servants.

(3) If any master removes as aforesaid and takes an

apprentice to any other place without such order as

aforesaid, or wilfully abandons and leaves an apprentice

without giving such notice as aforesaid, he shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

ten pounds:

Provided that proceedings for such an offence shall

not be instituted after the expiration of three months

from the commission of the offence.

97. If any person is aggrieved by any matter or

thing done, or omitted to be done, by any board of

guardians, or by any justices of the peace, or by any

other person whomsoever, under and by virtue of the

provisions of this Part of this Act relating to apprentices,

he may appeal to the next court of quarter sessions.

98. —(1) Every board of guardians shall provide a

register in the form set out in the Sixth Schedule to this Act and shall cause to be entered therein the name of

every child who is bound by the board as an apprentice,

or who having been so bound is assigned to some other

person, and such other particulars as are required by the

said form.

(2) Any person may, at all reasonable hours, inspect

any such register, and may take a copy of any entry

therein, in the case of any justice of the peace without

fee, and in the case of any other person upon payment

of a fee of sixpence.

(3) Where it is proved to the satisfaction of any

court that an indenture is lost or has been destroyed,

an entry in any such register shall be accepted by the

court as sufficient evidence of the facts therein specified.

(4) This section shall apply to any persons (not

being guardians) on whom powers of binding parish

apprentices are conferred by any Act of Parliament,

whether public general or local or personal, in like manner

as it applies to a board of guardians.

99. —(1) Every board of guardians shall provide and

keep a register in the form set out in the Sixth Schedule

to this Act, and shall cause to be entered therein

the name of every young person under the age of

sixteen hired or taken as a servant from the workhouse.

Ch. 14.

185

1927. Poor Law Act, 1927.

together with the several other particulars specified in

the form.

(2) Every such entry shall be signed by the presiding chairman at an ordinary meeting of the board.

100. —(1) Where any young person under the age

of sixteen has gone into service from the workhouse,

or has been bound as an apprentice by a board of

guardians, then, so long as the servant or apprentice

is under the age of sixteen and continues in the same

service and resides in the poor law union or within

five miles thereof, the board shall cause him to be visited

at least twice a year, and a report to be furnished as to

whether there is reason to believe that he is not supplied

with the necessary food, or is subjected to cruel or illegal

treatment in any respect.

(2) Where any young person under the age of

sixteen has gone into service from the workhouse, or

has been bound as an apprentice by a board of guardians,

and the residence of the employer or master is more

than five miles from any part of the poor law union,

written notice of the service or apprenticeship, specifying

the name and age of the servant or apprentice, and the

name, description and residence of the employer or

master, shall be forthwith sent by the board to the

board of guardians of the poor law union in which the

employer or master resides, and thereupon it shall become

the duty of such last-mentioned board to cause the

particulars contained in such notice to be registered in

a book to be provided by them for the purpose, together

with the name of the poor law union from which the

notice has been received, and they shall cause such

person to be visited as frequently, and in the same manner

in all respects, as if he had gone from their own work-

house, or had been bound as an apprentice by themselves.

(3) Any board of guardians or board of management

of a school district may appoint an officer or other

person to visit and report upon the condition, treatment

and conduct of any young person under the age of

sixteen who has gone into service from a workhouse or

district school.

101 . If any boy not an apprentice in the merchant

service who, or whose parent, is in receipt of relief, is

desirous of serving in the naval service of the Crown,

the board of guardians may enable him to be sent

Visitation

of servants

and apprentices.

Power to

pay expenses of

boys entering naval

service.

180

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Tower to

assist emigration.

Burial of

poor

persons

for approval by the competent authority, and may

pay such sum, if any, as may be required by the

regulations of the service for providing outfit or otherwise, and also such expenses as may be necessary

to be incurred for the conveyance of the boy in

charge of a proper person to and from the port

or place in the United Kingdom at which he may

be required to attend for examination, and, if accepted,

for entry into the service.

Emigration.

102. A board of guardians may, with the consent of the Minister and in compliance with such rules, orders,

and regulations as he may prescribe, procure or assist

in procuring the emigration of—

(a) any orphan or deserted child under the age

of sixteen who is chargeable to the poor law

union;

(b) any other poor person who is chargeable, or

would if relieved be chargeable to the poor

law union;

(c) any poor person having a settlement in any

parish of the poor law union:

Provided that a board of guardians shall not procure the emigration of an orphan or deserted child unless

the child has given its consent before a petty sessional

court held in or near the union, and a certificate of the

consent under the hands of two of the justices present

has been transmitted to the Minister.

Burial.

103. —(1) A board of guardians may bury the

body of any poor person which may be within the poor

law union, and may pay the costs of the burial of any

poor person dying outside the union, who was at the

time of his death in receipt of relief from them.

(2) Every body directed by a board of guardians

to be buried shall be buried either—

(a) in the burial ground of the parish in which the

death occurred or is deemed to have occurred; or

(b) if the death did not take place in a workhouse

or district school, in the burial ground of the

parish in the poor law union in which the

deceased resided at the time of his death; or

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

187

(c) where in pursuance of the powers conferred by

section six of the Burial Act, 1857, or by the 20 & 21 Vict,

next succeeding section of this Act the board c - 81 •

of guardians have acquired a right to bury in

any burial ground, in that burial ground, unless

the deceased in his lifetime or the wife, husband,

or next-of-kin of the deceased has expressed a

desire to the contrary:

Provided that—

(i) if the deceased in his lifetime, or the wife,

husband, or next of kin of the deceased, has

expressed a desire to that effect, then, subject

to the provisions of the next succeeding paragraph of this proviso, the burial shall take

place in the burial ground of the parish in

which the deceased resided at the time of

his death, or, if the death occurred in a work-

house or district school, in the burial ground

of the parish in which the death is deemed

to have occurred;

(ii) if the burial ground mentioned in paragraph (a) or paragraph (6) of this subsection

has been closed and no other burial ground

provided in its place, or if in consequence of the crowded state of such burial ground as

aforesaid, the board of guardians are of opinion

that burial therein would be improper, it

shall be lawful for the guardians to bury the

body in the burial ground of some neighbouring

parish;

(iii) where the deceased in his lifetime, or the wife,

husband or next-of-kin of the deceased, has

expressed a desire that the burial shall take

place in any particular burial ground (whether

or not any such burial ground as is hereinbefore in this section mentioned), nothing in

this section shall prevent the board from

burying the body in that burial ground.

(3) In all cases of burial by or under the direction of

a board of guardians, the proper burial fees shall be paid

by the board to the person entitled to receive such fees.

104.—(1) A board of guardians may contribute bower of

such sum of money as the Minister may approve towards guardians to

the provision or enlargement of any burial ground ac q uire

188

to bury in

certain

burial

grounds.

Prohibition on

officers

receiving

remuneration in

respect of

burials.

Recovery of

expenses of

burials.

Provision as

to deaths in

workhouse

or district

school.

Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5 .

in the poor law union, or the burial ground of the parish

in which the workhouse is situated, and, where a burial

ground is provided or enlarged with the aid of such a

contribution, it shall be lawful for the board to bury

therein the dead body of any person dying in the work-

house.

(2) A board of guardians may enter into agreements

with the proprietors (whether a company, burial board,

local authority, committee or other body of persons)

of any burial ground for the burial of the bodies of any

poor persons which the board may undertake to bury, or

towards the burial whereof they may render assistance,

and, where such an agreement is made, the burial in that

burial ground of any body under the directions of the

board or with their aid shall be lawful:

Provided that no such agreement shall be valid

unless made in such form and with such stipulations as

the Minister may approve.

105. No officer concerned with the relief of the

poor shall receive any money for the burial of the body

of any poor person or act as undertaker for reward

in the burial of any such body, or receive any money from

any dissecting school or school of anatomy or hospital,

or from any person to whom any such body may be

delivered, or derive any personal emolument whatever

for or in respect of the burial or disposal of any such

body, and if any officer contravenes any of the provisions

of this section he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

106. The cost of burying any person by or under

the direction of the guardians shall be recoverable in

like manner and from the same parties as the cost of

any relief (if given to such person when living) would

have been recoverable.

107. For the purposes of the provisions of this Act

relating to the burial of poor persons—

(a) in the case of a death in a workhouse, the death

shall be deemed to have taken place in the

parish in the poor law union where the deceased

last resided previously to his removal to the

workhouse;

1027.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

189

(b) in the case of a death in a district school, the

death shall be deemed to have taken place in

the parish in the poor law union from which

the deceased was sent to the school, or, if

sent to the school from a workhouse, to that

workhouse.

Part III.

Irremovability, Settlement and Removal.

Irremovability.

108.—(1) A person who is in receipt of relief, Irremov

unless rendered irremovable by virtue of this Act, may ability,

be removed in manner hereinafter provided to the poor

law union comprising his parish of settlement.

(2) No person shall be removed, nor shall any order

be made for the removal of any person, from any poor

law union in which he has resided for one year next

before the application for the order:

Provided that the time during which he has been—

(a) serving in the naval, military or air service

of the Crown as a seaman, marine, soldier or

airman; or

(b) resident as an in-pensioner in Greenwich or

Chelsea Hospital; or

(c) confined in an institution for lunatics; or

(d) resident as a patient in a hospital; or

(e) detained in an institution or resident in an

approved home under the Mental Deficiency 3 & 4 Geo.

Act, 1913; or 5. c. 28.

(f) resident in the workhouse of, or other Aviso in •

receipt of poor relief from, a board of

guardians; or

(j7) wholly or in part maintained by any rate

or subscription raised in a parish in AA'hich he

does not reside, not being a bona fide

charitable gift; or

(h) a prisoner in a prison; or

(i) detained in a certified reformatory or industrial school; or

190

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 19.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 60.

(j) detained in a retreat under the Habitual

Drunkards Act, 1879, or detained in or

absent under licence from a State inebriate

reformatory or a certified inebriate reformatory under the Inebriates Act, 1898;

shall not be regarded as interrupting his residence in

the union, but shall for all purposes be excluded in the

computation of time hereinbefore mentioned.

(3) Whenever any person has a wife or children

whose settlement is in the same parish as his or her own,

the wife and children shall be removable from any poor

law union from which he or she would be removable

notwithstanding anything contained in the foregoing

provisions of this section, and shall not be removable

from any poor law union from which he or she would

be irremovable by reason of any of the said provisions:

Provided that, if a married woman deserted by her

husband resides in any poor law union for one year after

such desertion in such a manner as would, if she were

a widow, render her exempt from removal, she shall

not be liable to be removed from the union unless her

husband returns to cohabit with her.

(4) No woman residing in a poor law union with her

husband at the time of his death shall be removed, nor

shall any order be made for her removal, from the union

for one year next after his death, if she so long continues

a widow.

(5) No child under the age of sixteen residing in a

poor law union with his father, mother, stepfather, stepmother or reputed father shall be removed, nor shall

any order be made for the removal of the child, from

the union in any case where the father, mother, stepfather, stepmother or reputed father may not lawfully

be removed therefrom.

(6) Where a child under the age of sixteen residing

with his surviving parent is left an orphan, and the

parent at the time of death was irremovable by reason

of residence, the orphan, if not otherwise irremovable,

shall be exempt from removal in like manner and to

the same extent as if he had then acquired for himself

an exemption from removal by residence.

(7) Nothing in this Act shall affect any exemption

from removal to which by the common law the owner

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

191

of an estate and the husband and wife of such an owner

are entitled, or affect any rule of common law against the

separation from his mother of a child under the age of

seven.

(8) Where a person is irremovable from any poor

law union, and the parish wherein that exemption has

been wholly or partly acquired is transferred to another

poor law uuion, he shall so long as he continues to reside

in such other union be irremovable therefrom.

Settlement.

109. —(1) A person shall be deemed to be settled Settlemcn).

in the parish in which he was born until it is shown

that he has derived or acquired a settlement elsewhere,

or is presumed to be settled elsewhere, and the parish

in which a person is last settled shall be deemed to be

his parish of settlement.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a person may—

(a) derive a settlement in a parish from a parent or

from a husband;

(b) acquire a settlement in a parish by residence, by

apprenticeship, by estate, by renting a tenement,

or by the payment of rates or taxes;

(c) be presumed to be settled in a parish by reason

of an estoppel.

110. —(1) Until a person acquires a settlement of Derivative

his own or derives a settlement from a husband, that settlements,

person—

(a) if a legitimate child, shall take and follow up to

the age of sixteen the settlement of his father,

or, if and so long as his father has no settlement,

the settlement enjoyed by his mother immediately before her marriage to his father, but if

after the death of the father the mother acquires

a settlement (not being a derivative settlement)

shall take and follow up to the age of sixteen

that settlement;

(b) if an illegitimate child, shall take and follow up

to the age of sixteen the settlement of his

mother;

192

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Settlement

by residence.

Settlement

by apprenticeship.

and shall in either case retain the settlement so enjoyed

at the age ol sixteen.

(2) Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding

section as to a married woman deserted by her husband,

a married woman shall take and follow the settlement

of her husband, and shall retain the settlement so enjoyed

at the date of his death or of the dissolution of the

marriage until she acquires or derives another settlement:

Provided that, if her husband has no settlement,

she shall not by reason of her marriage cease to retain

the settlement enjoyed by her immediately before her

marriage to him.

(3) If any person, whether legitimate or illegitimate,

who has attained the age of sixteen has not acquired a

settlement nor derived one from a husband, and it

cannot be shown what settlement has been derived from

a parent without inquiring into the derivative settlement

of that parent, that person shall be deemed to be settled

in the parish in which he was born.

111. —(1) Where a person has resided for the term

of three years in a parish in such manner and in such

circumstances in each of those years as would, in accordance with this Act, render him irremovable, he shall be

deemed to be settled in that parish.

(2) A married woman deserted by her husband may

acquire for herself a settlement by residence. .

112. If any person is bound an apprentice by a

duly stamped deed, writing or contract, and in pursuance

thereof resides for forty days in any parish, he shall

be deemed to have acquired a settlement therein:

Provided that—

(a) no settlement shall be acquired by being

apprenticed to the sea service or sea fishing

service; and

(b) where a person bound as an apprentice by a

board of guardians has been assigned to a

person other than the person to whom he

was originally bound, no settlement by virtue

of service of apprenticeship after the assignment shall be acquired unless the assignment

was legally made in accordance with the

provisions contained in this Act.

1927.

Poor Laio Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

193

113. —(1) A person who, having an estate in any Settlement

parish, resides in the parish for forty days shall be by estate,

deemed to have acquired a settlement therein, but shall

not retain the settlement so acquired if he ceases to

reside within ten miles of the parish:

Provided that, if he purchased the estate and has

not paid as consideration therefor at least thirty pounds,

he shall not be deemed to have acquired a settlement

in the parish unless he has resided in the estate for forty

days, and shall not retain the settlement so acquired if

he ceases to reside on the estate.

(2) Where a person having acquired a settlement

under this section ceases by reason of non-residence to

retain such settlement, any question as to his settlement

shall be determined as if he had never acquired a

settlement under this section.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" estate" means such an estate or interest as would

immediately prior to the passing of this Act have been

sufficient to support a claim to a settlement by estate.

114. If any person— Settlement

(a) rents, and by virtue of such renting occupies demerit 8 &

for a whole year, a tenement in any parish enemen •

consisting of a separate and distinct dwelling-

house or building, or of land, or of both, at

a rent of not less than ten pounds; and

(b) himself pays the rent or at least ten pounds

thereof; and

(c) is assessed to and pays the general rate in

respect of that tenement for one year; and

(d) resides in the parish for forty days

he shall thereby acquire a settlement in the parish.

115. If any person — Settlement

(a) is charged with and pays— StffS" 8

(i) the public taxes or local rates in taxes,

respect of any tenement of the yearly

value of ten pounds at least, being his

own property; or

(ii) the local rates in respect of any

tenement consisting of a separate and

distinct dwelling-house or building, or

N

194

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Settlement

by estoppel.

Restrictions

on the

acquisition

of settlement in certain cases.

of land, or of both, rented by him at a

rent of not less than ten pounds a year

for one whole year; and

(6) resides in the parish in which the tenement is

situated for forty days after such payment as

aforesaid,

he shall thereby acquire a settlement in that parish:

Provided that in the case of a tenement so rented *

no settlement shall be acquired under this section unless

the tenement is occupied for a whole year by virtue of the renting and rent to the amount of ten pounds is

actually paid for a year of the tenancy.

116. Where an order has been made adjudging

any person to be settled in a parish named therein and

ordering him to be removed thereto, then—

(a) if the order has not been appealed against, or if

any appeal against the order has been dismissed or abandoned; and

(b) if the person has been removed thereunder or

has, after the service of the order, been

relieved without actual removal by the board

of guardians of the poor law union comprising

the parish,

the order shall be conclusive evidence for all purposes

that such person was at the date thereof settled in the

parish.

117. —(1) A person born in any poor law institution

shall, so far as regards his settlement of birth, be deemed

to have been born in the parish in which his mother was

residing before she last became chargeable as an inmate

of the poor law institution.

(2) No person whose mother was at the time of

his birth a prisoner in a prison, or a patient in a

lying-in hospital, shall be deemed to be settled, by

reason of his birth therein, in the parish in which the

prison or hospital is situated, and in the case of an

illegitimate child born in a lying-in hospital, the parish

in which the mother was settled at the time of birth shall

be deemed to be the child’s settlement of birth.

(3) No person to w T hom any land hired, taken, or

enclosed under or by virtue of the provisions of Part V.

of this Act, or the corresponding enactment in any Act

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

195

repealed by this Act, has been let, shall acquire a settlement by reason of his renting and occupying, or by

reason of his paying local rates in respect of, such

land, either alone or with any other land or tenement.

(4) No toll keeper of any navigation, or person

renting the tolls and residing in any toll house of the

navigation, shall acquire any settlement by reason of

renting and occupying a tenement or by reason of the

payment of public taxes or local rates.

118. No person shall derive or acquire, or be Retrospect-

deemed to have derived or acquired, a status of irre- ive effect of

movability or settlement except in accordance with the P rov:LSlon3

provisions of this Part of this Act; and any question movabihtv

arising after the commencement of this Act as to the an(i settle-

removability or settlement of any person shall be ment.

determined as if those provisions had been in force at all

material dates:

Provided that—

(a) where before the commencement of this Act

an application has been made to justices or to

the Minister to determine any question in

relation to the settlement or removal of any

person, that question shall in all stages of the

proceedings be determined as if this Act had

not been passed; and

(b) where any such question has been determined

before the commencement of this Act, and an

application to determine a question relating to

the settlement or removal of the same person

and dependent on the same facts is made after

the commencement of this Act by or against a

board of guardians not bound by the previous

decision, the question on that application shall

be determined as if this Act had not been

passed.

119. —(1) Where at the time of the grant of relief Liability

to any person that person’s settlement is in question, the for relief

expenses of his relief pending the determination of the pending desettlement shall be chargeable to the board of guardians rr "‘" a, t on

of the poor law union which is finally determined or me t e '

admitted to be the poor law union in which his parish of

settlement is comprised:

196

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Removal by

consent.

Removal by

order of

justices.

Provided that—

(a) that board shall not be liable to repay the

cost of relief granted before notice of the

person having become chargeable was sent

to them by the board which granted relief;

and

(i b)this section shall not apply where a removal

order is refused on the ground that the

person whose settlement was in question

had acquired a status of irremovability in

the poor law union from which it was

sought to remove him.

(2) Any sum which a board of guardians are liable to

pay under this section shall be recoverable summarily

as a civil debt.

Removal.

120. If a board of guardians are satisfied that any

person chargeable to another poor law union is settled

in a parish within, and removable to, their union, and

consent under their common seal to receive such person

without a removal order, the board seeking to remove

him may do so without such an order.

121. Upon complaint made by a board of guardians

that a person has become chargeable to the poor law

union, two justices of the peace having jurisdiction in

any part of the union, if satisfied of the truth of the

complaint and that the person is not settled within or

irremovable from the union, may order him to be

removed to the poor law union in which his parish of

settlement is situated:

Provided that—

(a) no order shall be made for the removal of

any person becoming chargeable in respect of

relief made necessary by sickness or accident,

unless the justices making the order state

therein that they are satisfied that the sickness

or accident will produce permanent disability;

and

(b) a removal order in respect of a settlement

alleged to have been acquired by residence

shall not be made upon the evidence of the

person to be removed without such corroboration as the justices think sufficient.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

197

122. — (1) No person shall be removed under a Time for

removal order until twenty-one days have elapsed after removal,

written notice of his being chargeable, accompanied by a

copy of the order and by a written statement setting

forth the grounds of removal (including particulars of the settlement relied upon in support thereof), has been

served by the removing board of guardians upon the

board of guardians against whom the order is made.

(2) The clerk to the justices making a removal

order shall keep the depositions upon which the order

was made, and shall within seven days furnish a copy

thereof to the board of guardians against whom the order

is made, if they apply for a copy and pay for it at

the rate of twopence per folio of seventy-two words; and

if such an application is made within the period of

twenty-one days above mentioned, no person named in

the order shall be removed until the expiration of fourteen

days from the sending of the copy of the depositions.

(3) If notice of appeal against a removal order is

received by the removing board of guardians within the

period of twenty-one days mentioned in subsection (1) of

thi3 section, or if a copy of the depositions is applied for

within that period, before the expiration of the fourteen

days mentioned in subsection (2) of this section, no

person named in the order shall be removed until the

appeal has been finally disposed of or the time for

prosecuting the appeal has expired.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this section, if the

board of guardians against whom a removal order is made

consent in writing to submit to the order and to receive

any person named therein, that person may be removed

forthwith.

123. — (1) The board of guardians of the poor law Execution

union from which any person is ordered to be removed of removal

under the provisions of this Part of this Act may employ order -

any proper person to remove and deliver him to the

board of guardians of the poor law union to which he is

ordered to be removed, and the delivery of any such

person at the workhouse of the last-mentioned board

to any officer of the workhouse shall be deemed a

delivery to the board of guardians.

(2) If any guardian or officer of a workhouse refuses

to receive any person so delivered in accordance with the

198

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Suspension

of removal

order in case

of sickness.

terms of a removal order and of this Part of this Act, he

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding five pounds.

124.—(1) If it appears to the justices making a

removal order that any person named therein is unable to

travel by reason of sickness or other infirmity, or that it

would be dangerous for him to do so, they shall by an

endorsement on the order signed by them suspend

the execution of the order until satisfied that it may

safely be executed without danger to that person.

(2) The suspension of a removal order under this

section shall operate also as a suspension for the same

period of the order so far as it relates to every other

person named therein who was of the same household

or family as the sick or infirm person at the time of the

making of the order.

(3) No act done by any person continuing to reside

in a poor law union under the suspension of a removal

order shall be of any effect for the purpose of giving him

a status of irremovability therefrom or a settlement

therein.

(4) The suspension of a removal order shall not

affect the time within which notice of appeal against the

order has to be given.

(5) No expenses of relief shall be recoverable under

a suspended removal order unless notice of the order,

with a copy thereof, has been served within ten days

upon the board of guardians against whom it is made;

but subject as aforesaid, —

(a) the removing board of guardians may at the end

of every quarter send to the board of guardians

against whom the order is made an account of the cost incurred in the relief of any person

named in the order, and may recover the amount

reasonably expended by them (or so much thereof

as may remain unpaid) in the county court

within whose district their poor law union or

the greater part thereof is situated;

(b) if the removal order is subsequently executed,

or the person named in the order dies before the

execution thereof, the justices who made the

order or any two justices having the same

jurisdiction may upon complaint order the

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

199

expenses proved to have been incurred by the

suspension of the order (or so much thereof as

may remain unpaid) to be paid by the board of

guardians against whom the removal order was

made.

(6) If the sum ordered to be paid by any board of

guardians under paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection

exceeds twenty pounds, the board may appeal against

the order to the next court of quarter sessions in like

manner as against a removal order; and on such an appeal

the court may if they think fit reduce the sum ordered

to be paid.

(7) Where a removal order has been suspended, the

justices who made the order, or any two justices

having the same jurisdiction, may, by endorsement signed

by them, authorise the execution of the order.

125. The provisions of this Part of this Act

which relate to the sending and service of copies of orders

of removal shall apply to such orders when suspended,

and to orders consequent upon such suspension, and to

demands for payment of expenses arising thereon.

126. —(1) Where a removal order has been made

and a copy thereof served as provided by this Part of this Act, the hoard of guardians obtaining the order may at

any time abandon it by written notice served upon the

board of guardians against whom the order was made,

and thereupon the order and all proceedings consequent

thereon shall become null and void.

(2) The board of guardians abandoning an order

shall pay to the board of guardians against whom the order

was made the costs which the latter board may have

incurred by reason of the order and of all subsequent proceedings thereon, which costs may be taxed by the proper

officer of the court before whom any appeal against the

order (if it had not been abandoned) might have been

brought, and shall be recoverable summarily as a

civil debt.

127. —(1) Any person who thinks himself aggrieved

by a removal order may appeal against the order to

the next practicable court of quarter sessions having

jurisdiction in the county or place for which the justices

who made the order act:

Service of

suspended

orders of

removal, <fcc.

Abandonment of

removal

order.

Appeals.

200

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Relief and

removal of

persons

discharged

from

prisons, &c.

Provided that—

(a) no appeal against a removal order shall he

allowed unless notice of appeal is given

within twenty-one days after the notice of

chargeability and statement of grounds of

removal has been sent as hereinbefore provided, or, if within those twenty-one days

a copy of the depositions has been applied

for, within fourteen days after the sending

of a copy thereof; and

(b) if it appears to the court of quarter sessions

that the notice of appeal, though given within

the time specified in the last preceding proviso, was not given to the respondent a

reasonable time before the hearing of the

appeal, the court shall adjourn the appeal

until the next sessions.

(2) The appellant shall with the notice of appeal, or

fourteen days at least before the first day of the sessions

at which the appeal is intended to be tried, serve upon

the respondent a written statement of the grounds of

appeal, and shall not be heard in support of the appeal

unless such a statement has been so served.

(3) No omission or delay in furnishing a copy of the depositions upon which a removal order was made

shall afford any ground of appeal against the order,

and upon the hearing of an appeal against an order the

order shall not be quashed or set aside, either wholly or

in part, on the ground that such depositions do not

furnish sufficient evidence to support, or that an} 7-

matter therein contained or omitted raises an objection

to, the order or grounds of removal.

(4) On the hearing of an appeal against a removal

order it shall not be lawful for the respondent or appellant to go into or give evidence of any other grounds of

removal or of appeal respectively than those set out in

the order or in the statements of grounds of removal

and grounds of appeal respectively.

128. — (1) Where it appears to a justice of the peace

having jurisdiction in the place where a prison is situate,

or being a member of the visiting committee or board of

visitors of the prison, by notice in writing given by the

governor of the prison, that a person detained in the

prison is about to be released therefrom, and that on

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

201

release that person will, by reason of infirmity of

mind or body, require immediate relief, the justice may

make an order for the removal of that person, on his

release, to, and his reception in, the workhouse of the

poor law union within which he appears to the justice to

be settled, or, if the justice cannot ascertain in what

parish he is settled, or if he has not a place of settlement

in England or Wales, then the workhouse of the poor

law union to which he is deemed to be prima facie

chargeable for the purposes of this section.

(2) Such person as aforesaid shall, for the purposes of this section, be deemed to be prima facie chargeable to the

poor law union in which the ordinary residence of the

person appears to the justice making the order to have

been at the time when the offence for or in respect of

which he is detained was alleged to have been committed,

or, if the justice cannot ascertain such residence, or if

such residence was not in England or Wales, then—

(a) to the poor law union in which the offence was

alleged to have been committed; or

(l) if that offence was alleged to have been committed out of the United Kingdom, to the

poor law union in which the court of summary

jurisdiction by which the person was convicted

or committed for trial, or ordered to be detained,

sat.

(3) The order of the justice shall be in such form

as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State and shall

authorise the conveyance of the person in respect of

whom it is made to the workhouse named in the order,

and shall be served and be enforceable in like manner as

a removal order under this Part of this Act.

(4) Where it appears to the justice making the

order that the person will on his release be too ill to be

removed to the workhouse named in the order, he may

suspend the operation of the order, and in that case the

person on his release may be conveyed to and shall be

received in the workhouse of the poor law union in which

the prison is situate, but the expenses of his maintenance

in that workhouse shall be repaid by the board of

guardians named in the order.

(5) Where an order under this section has been made

with respect to any person, a removal order under the

foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act for his

202

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Provisions

for facilitating determination of

questions as

to settlement.

removal to the poor law union within which he is actually

settled may be obtained on the application of the board

of guardians named in the order under this section, either

before or after the execution of that order, and on the

removal order being obtained the order under this section

shall cease to have effect and the provisions of this section

shall cease to apply, but all expenses incurred under this

section or an order made thereunder by the board of

guardians named in that order shall be repaid to them

by the board of guardians of the poor law union within

which the said person is actually settled.

(6) This section shall apply to persons detained in

industrial and reformatory schools, subject to the following modifications :—

(a) for references to prisons and governors thereof

there shall be substituted references to reformatory and industrial schools and superintendents

thereof;

(b) for the reference to members of the visiting

committee or board of visitors there shall be

substituted a reference to managers;

(c) references to offences and the time and place

where offences were committed shall include

references to the circumstances in consequence

of which the order of detention was made

and the time and place where such circumstances

occurred.

(7) This section shall apply to persons detained in

inebriate reformatories subject, in the case of certified

inebriate reformatories, to the following modifications :—

(a) for references to prisons and governors thereof

there shall be substituted references to inebriate

reformatories and superintendents thereof;

(b) for references to members of the visiting committee or board of visitors there shall be substituted references to managers.

129 . — (1)Tor better enabling a board of guardians

to obtain or appeal against removal orders, any officer or

person having the custody of any books or other documents of or belonging to any parish in their poor law

union shall, if so ordered by the board of guardians,

upon reasonable notice produce the same to the board

or to any person appointed by them, and shall allow

copies or extracts to be taken therefrom for the use of the board without fee or reward.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

203

(2) Any justice may examine any person (having a

wife or child) who is in custody in a prison, or who is

in the custody of any police officer by virtue of any

warrant of commitment, touching the place of his last

legal settlement, and the examination shall be signed

by the justice taking it, and shall, so long as the

person so examined continues a prisoner or in custody,

be received in evidence as to such settlement for the

purposes of any removal order.

(3) A board of guardians giving notice of appeal

against a removal order, and any person authorised

by them, shall, until the decision of the appeal, have

access at all reasonable times to any person named in the

order for the purpose of examining him as to his settlement, and, if it is necessary for the more effectual

examination of any such person that he should be taken

out of the poor law union in which he is residing, the

appellant board may remove him therefrom for such

time as may be necessary, defraying the expenses of his

removal and of his maintenance whilst so removed.

130. Every notice, statement, demand or other Signature

document required to be given by any board of guardians and service

in respect of any removal order or any appeal against notices,

a removal order may be signed by their clerk in their &c '

name and shall be deemed to be duly served upon the

board of guardians to whom it is addressed, if it is

delivered to their clerk, or left at his office, or sent by

post addressed to him at his office.

131. If any person removed under a removal Penalty on

order returns to and again becomes chargeable to the return

poor law union from which he was removed, within twelve j

months after his removal and without the consent of the remova •

board of guardians of that union, he shall be deemed an

idle and disorderly person within the meaning of section

three of the Vagrancy Act, 1824. 6 Geo - 4.

132. Nothing in this Act shall affect— Savings.

(a) the enactments relating to the removal of poor

persons from or to England and Wales to or

from Scotland, Ireland, the Isle of Man, the

Channel Islands or the Scilly Islands; or

(b) the law relating to the expenses of pauper

lunatics.

204

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Manner

in which

expenses to

bo charged

and raised.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 90.

Payment of

contributions to

district

boards.

Part IV.

Financial Provisions.

Expenses of Guardians.

133. — (1) Where a poor law union consists of two

or more parishes, the cost of the relief of the poor and

all expenses of the board of guardians, not being expenses

specially declared by or under this or any other Act to

be separately chargeable to single parishes within the

union, shall be charged to the common fund of the

union and be defrayed as union common charges.

(2) In order to raise money required by them to

defray union common charges or expenses separately

chargeable on single parishes, or, in the case of a poor

law union consisting of a single parish, any expenses of the board of guardians thereof, every board of guardians

shall from time to time issue precepts to the rating

authority of each rating area wholly or partly comprised

within the poor law union in accordance with the

provisions of the Rating and Valuation Act, 1925, and

any rules made thereunder.

Contributions to School Districts.

134. — (1) Every board of management of a school

district shall from time to time call on the boards of

guardians of the poor law unions included in the district

for such contributions as they may deem requisite for

the purposes of this Act, and orders (in a form prescribed

by the Minister) requiring payment of the amount of such

contributions, signed by the clerk or other officer of the

board of management, shall, fourteen days at least before

the time at which the precept of the board of guardians

for raising the amount of the contributions must be

issued, be forwarded to the clerks to the several boards

of guardians, and to the rating authorities of the areas

from which the contributions will become due.

(2) If any contribution is not duly paid by a board

of guardians to the treasurer of the board of management,

then, for the recovery of the contribution, or so much

thereof as is not paid, from the rating authority or

authorities within whose area the whole or any part of the poor law union is situate, the board of management

shall (in addition to any other remedies) have the like

remedies as the board of guardians.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

205

135. —(1) The expenses incurred by a board of Basis for

management of a school district in respect of— contribu-

(a) purchasing, hiring, erecting, repairing, adding to district

and fitting up buildings; boards.

(b) purchasing utensils and materials for the employment of inmates of the school, and of

books and other things necessary for their

instruction;

(c) the salaries of officers and servants;

and all other expenses incurred on the common account

of the poor law unions comprised in the district shall

be borne by the several poor law unions comprised

in the district in proportion to the net annual value

thereof according to the valuation lists for the time being

in force.

(2) All other expenses incurred in the relief of

children under the management of the board shall be

separately charged by that board to the respective poor

law unions from which the children were sent.

Payment of Debts by Guardians, the.

136. Subject to the provisions hereinafter in this Limitation

Part of this Act contained, any debt, claim or demand of time for

lawfully incurred by or due from a board of guardians, payment of

or the board of management of a school district, shall debts -

be paid within three months from the expiration of the

half-year ending the thirtieth day of September or the

thirty-first day of March in which it has been incurred

or become due, but not afterwards:

Provided that the Minister may, by order, extend

the time within which any such payment shall be made

for a period not exceeding twelve months after the date

when the debt claim or demand was incurred or became

due.

137. —(1) Where, whether before or after the com- Provision

mencement of this Act, any sum has been borrowed by for loan

a board of guardians or by a board of management of charges,

a school district, under the authority of any statute,

the time limited by the last preceding section for the

payment of debts shall—

(i) if the debt is made payable on a day certain,

commence on that day;

206

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Payment of

solicitor’s

bills.

Saving for

judgment

debts.

Validity of

precepts,

&c.

(ii) if the debt is not made payable on a day certain,

commence on the expiration of twelve months

from the day when the money was advanced;

and where any such debt is repayable by instalments,

each instalment shall be payable within twelve months

after the date when it falls due:

Provided that the Minister may in any such case

allow an extension of time for payment not exceeding

six months.

(2) Interest in any case to which this section applies

shall be payable within the like time as the principal.

138. Where a board of guardians or board of

management of a school district are engaged in any

proceeding in any court, nothing in this Part of this Act

shall require the board to pay the bill of costs of any

solicitor retained by them for the purpose thereof until

the final determination of the proceeding, or until the

solicitor ceases to be so retained, but the bill of costs of the solicitor shall be duly taxed and paid within one year

after the final determination of the proceeding or the

cesser of the retainer, and not afterwards, unless the Minister authorises an extension of time not exceeding

six months.

139. If within the time hereinbefore limited or any

extension thereof allowed by the Minister proceedings

are commenced before a competent court of jurisdiction

to enforce any debt claim or demand (including a

claim for a bill of costs), and are prosecuted with due

diligence, the sum adjudged to be due or arrived at by

settlement of the proceedings shall be satisfied, and payment thereof may be enforced, notwithstanding that the

time so limited may have expired.

140. No precept issued by a board of guardians,

nor any rate made to meet such a precept, shall be

deemed to be illegal on the ground that it is made to

provide for any debt, claim or demand, if the debt, claim

or demand is one the payment whereof is authorised by

this Act, or on the ground that the precept includes a

balance due from a parish at the time when the accounts

were made up and balanced.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

207

141. All payments, charges and allowances made Payments

by any person from or on the proceeds of any rate applic- contrary to

able to the relief of the poor contrary to the provisions Act illegal,

of this Act, or of any rule, order or regulation of the Minister under this Act, are hereby declared to be

illegal.

Borrowing Powers.

142. — (1) A board of guardians may, with the Borrowing

sanction of the Minister, borrow for the purpose of by guardraising money to meet the expenses incurred, or proposed ians an< *

to be incurred, for any permanent work or object, or ° f

any other thing, the costs of which ought, in the opinion districts,

of the Minister, to be spread over a term of years, and

any money so borrowed and the interest thereon shall

be charged on and paid out of the common fund of the poor law union, or, in the case of a poor law union

consisting of a single parish, the fund out of which the

expenses of the board of guardians are payable.

(2) A loan shall not be of such amount as exceeds,

or will make the total debt of the board of guardians

exceed, one-fourth of the total net annual value of the

poor law union.

(3) The Minister may, by provisional order, extend

the said maximum to double the amount above authorised,

and sections two hundred and ninety-seven and two

hundred and ninety-eight of the Public Health Act, 38 & 39 Vict.

1875, shall apply to every such provisional order in like c. 55.

manner as if they were herein re-enacted and the board

of guardians were a local authority.

(4) The unapplied balance of any loan raised by

a board of guardians may, with the consent of the Minister, be applied to any purpose for which a loan

may be raised under this Act by the board.

(5) This section shall apply to the board of management of a school district in like manner as if they were

a board of guardians and this section were in terms made

applicable to them, but with the substitution of one-

sixteenth of the net annual value of the district for

one-fourth of the net annual value of the union, and of

a reference to the common fund of the district for the

reference to the common fund of the union.

208

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to loans

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 83.

Provisions

as to

securities.

143. —(1) A loan raised under this Act shall ho

repaid within such period, not exceeding sixty years, as

the board of guardians or board of management, with

the sanction of the Minister, may determine, either by

equal yearly or half-yearly instalments of principal or

of principal and interest, or by means of a sinking fund.

(2) Where the loan is repayable by means of a sinking

fund, the sinking fund shall be set apart, invested and

applied in accordance with the Local Loans Act, 1875,

and the Acts amending that Act, and for the purpose

of such application the prescribed rate shall be a rate

not exceeding three per centum per annum:

Provided that the board shall not invest in their own

securities.

(3) Where a loan has been contracted to be repaid

by annual instalments it may, with the consent of the

lenders, be repaid by half-yearly instalments.

(4) Any such board may borrow money under this Act without the consent of the Minister for the purpose

of repaying any outstanding part of a loan which they

have power to repay:

Provided that any money so borrowed shall be repaid

in the manner directed by this Act and within the same

period as that originally sanctioned for the repayment of the loan, unless the Minister consents to the period for

repayment being enlarged, but that period shall not

exceed sixty years from the date of the original borrowing.

(5) For the purpose of this section, the expression

" outstanding" means not repaid by instalments, or by

means of a sinking fund, or out of capital money properly

applicable to the purpose of repayment other than money

borrowed for that purpose.

144. —(1) Every security for money borrowed under

the authority of an order of the Minister may be made

according to the form set out in the Seventh Schedule

to this Act, or as near thereto as the circumstances of the case will admit.

(2) The board of guardians or board of management,

as the case may be, shall keep a register of the securities

in respect of all sums borrowed by them in such form,

and subject to such regulations as to inspection or

otherwise, as the Minister may prescribe.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

209

Miscellaneous.

145. The Minister may by regulations authorise Conference

any board of guardians, subject to compliance with the expenses,

regulations, to pay the reasonable expenses of any of their

members or of their clerk incurred in attending any conference of guardians held for the purpose of discussing

any matter which is connected with the duties which

devolve on them, and any reasonable expenses incurred

in purchasing reports of the proceedings of any such

conference.

146. — (1) The Minister may by regulations authorise Contribu-

any board of guardians, subject to compliance with the tion by

regulations, to pay any sum not exceeding five pounds in g^rdiana

any one year as an annual or other subscription to the Association *

funds of the Association of Poor Law Unions in England

and Wales, as well as the reasonable expenses of the

attendance of representatives, not exceeding in any case

two, at meetings of the Association:

Provided that no payment shall be made in respect

of the attendance of any representative at a meeting of the Association unless the attendance of the representative at that meeting has been expressly authorised

by a resolution passed at a meeting of the board held

after not less than seven days’ notice in writing that the

proposal is to be considered at the meeting of the board

has been sent to each guardian.

(2) Any such representative shall be either a guardian

or (without power of voting) the clerk to the board.

147. The Minister may, by order, direct in what Expenses of

cases (other than those expressly authorised by this conveying

Act) and under what regulations a board of guardians may Persons

pay the reasonable expenses incurred by them in con- char g (; able.

veying any person chargeable to their poor law union

from one place in England or Wales to another.

148. — (1) A board of guardians may pay the Information

reasonable expenses incurred in the preparation and required for

collection of information required of or by them respecting of s °^ r al e of

any matter which is under their management, super- duties^ °

vision or control, and may in the case of a poor law

union comprising two or more parishes charge the

amount to the common fund of the union or to any

0

210

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Audit of

accounts

Powers and

duties of

auditors.

parish or parishes therein, according as the subject-

matter relates to the general concern of the union or to

some separate part thereof.

(2) If a board of guardians require any such information from any of their officers, the amount payable

may, in the case of a dispute between the board and the

officer, be settled by the Minister.

Audit.

149. —(1) The accounts of every board of guardians and of their officers shall be audited by the district

auditor.

(2) Every board of guardians and every officer

thereof and every other accountable person shall yearly

render to the district auditor an account made up to the

thirty-first day of March or such other day as the Minister may by order direct, and the account in the

case of an officer or other accountable person shall

include an account of all money, matters and things

committed to his charge, or received, held or expended

by him on behalf of the poor law union.

(3) Any balance due from any officer or other

accountable person shall be recoverable summarily as a

civil debt:

Provided that no such proceedings shall exonerate

or discharge the liability of any surety of any such person

as aforesaid.

(4) For the purposes of this section, the expression

"accountable person" means any person having the

collection, receipt or distribution of money applicable

to the relief of the poor, or holding or accountable for

any books, deeds, papers or goods relating to the relief

of the poor.

150. —(1) A district auditor shall have power to

examine and audit the accounts and allow or disallow

items therein, and shall certify on the face of every

account audited by him any money, books, deeds, papers

or goods found by him to be due from any person or for

which any person may be accountable, and shall in every

account audited by him charge against any person

accounting the amount of any deficiency or loss incurred

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

211

by the negligence or misconduct of that person, or of any

sum which ought to have been but is not brought into

account by that person.

(2) Where a district auditor has so certified any

money, books, deeds, papers or goods to be due from

any person, he shall forthwith report the same to the Minister, and that person shall within seven days pay

or deliver, or cause to be paid or delivered, to the treasurer

of the board of guardians or other person authorised to

receive the same the money, books, deeds, papers or

goods certified to be due from him.

(3) All money so certified to be due shall, on the

application of the district auditor, be recoverable from all

or any of the persons making or authorising the illegal

payment or otherwise answerable for such monies.

(4) If any person accountable for any such books,

deeds, papers, or goods neglects or refuses to deliver them

to the person for the time being authorised to receive them,

he shall be liable, on the complaint of the district auditor

or of the person authorised to receive them, to be committed to prison by two justices until delivery is made.

(5) Subject to any rules which may be made by the Minister under section five of the District Auditors Act,

1879, the district auditor shall, in addition to any notices

required by law to be given by him, give notice of the

audit by advertisement in some newspaper circulating in

the county in which the poor law union or the greater

part thereof is situated a reasonable time before the

holding of the audit, and the production of a copy of such

a newspaper shall in all courts and for all purposes be

deemed sufficient evidence of the notice of the audit.

151.—(1) It shall be lawful for every ratepayer of the

poor law union to be present at the audit of the accounts

relating to the union, and to make any objection to any

such accounts before the district auditor, and the auditor

may require any person holding or accountable for any

money, books, deeds, papers or goods relating to the

relief of the poor, to produce his accounts and vouchers,

and to make or sign a declaration with respect to his

accounts.

(2) If any such person refuses or neglects to attend,

either at the audit or any adjournment thereof, when so

required by the auditor, or to produce to him any such

0 2

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 6.

Provisions

as to holding of

audits.

212

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

accounts or vouchers, or to make or sign a declaration

with respect to his accounts required by the auditor, he

shall for every such refusal or neglect be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings,

or if he wilfully makes or signs a false declaration in

respect of any such accounts he shall be liable to the

penalties of perjury, and where any such proceedings

are taken on an information laid by the district auditor,

any expenses incurred by the auditor, except so far as

they are paid by the person against whom the proceedings are taken, shall, if the Minister consents, be

repaid to him by the board of guardians.

152. — (1) Where any officer continues in office at

the time when the accounts are audited, the district

auditor shall certify as due such sums of money only as

are disallowed or surcharged by him in the accounts so

audited:

Provided that where the aggregate amount disallowed by the auditor in the account of any such officer

does not amount to forty shillings, it may be paid over

with the balance due from the officer instead of being

paid to the treasurer.

(2) Where an officer has ceased to hold office at

the time when the accounts are audited, the district

auditor shall ascertain the balance due on the accounts

so audited, together with the sums (if any) which he may

have disallowed or surcharged, and shall give credit for

all sums which are proved to have been paid in respect

of such balance to his successor, or otherwise lawfully

applied on behalf of the poor law union, before the date

of the audit, and he shall certify, report and recover the

balance remaining due after such credit has been given.

(3) Any certificate made by a district auditor, if

made according to the forms set forth in the Eighth

Schedule to this Act, or in a form to the like effect,

shall be deemed to be sufficient.

Right of 153. —(1)If a district auditor sees cause to surcharge

person pro- any person liable to be surcharged by him with any sum

posed to be 0 f money in reference to any payment considered by the

t^be heard au di tor have been illegally or improperly made, he

shall, if the person is not present at the audit and is not

a person to whom notice of the audit is required to

be given, cause notice in writing of his intention to

Mode of

certifying

balances.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

213

make the surcharge to be given to the person proposed to be surcharged, and shall adjourn the audit, so

far as it relates to that particular matter, for a sufficient

time to allow the person to appear to show cause against

the surcharge.

(2) A notice under this section may be sent by post

addressed to the person concerned at his last known

place of abode.

(3) Save as provided by this section, it shall not be

necessary to prove that an audit was adjourned and that

notice of the adjournment was given.

154. —(1) If any person is aggrieved by any allow- Appeal to

ance, disallowance or surcharge made by a district High Court,

auditor, the auditor if so required by him shall state

in the book of account in which the allowance, disallowance or surcharge is made the reasons therefor.

(2) Any person aggrieved by an allowance, and any

person aggrieved by a disallowance or surcharge if he has

paid or delivered over to the person authorised to receive

them all such money and goods as are admitted by

his account to be due from him or remaining in his

hands, may apply to the High Court for a writ of certiorari

to remove into that court the allowance, disallowance or

surcharge in like manner and subject to the like conditions as are provided in respect of persons applying

for writs of certiorari for the removal of orders of justices

of the peace, except that—

(a) the condition of the recognizance shall be to

prosecute the certiorari at the cost of the

applicant without delay, and, if the allowance,

disallowance or surcharge is confirmed, to pay

to the district auditor, within one month, the

taxed costs of the auditor; and

(b) notice of the intended application (which shall

contain a statement of the matter complained

of) shall be given to the district auditor,

who shall, in return to the writ, return a copy

under his hand of the entry in the book of

account to which the notice refers, and shall

appear before the court and defend the allowance, disallowance or surcharge impeached, and

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

214 Ch. 14.

shall be reimbursed all costs he may incur in

the defence by the board of guardians interested, unless the court makes any order to

the contrary.

(3) On the removal into the High Court of the

allowance, disallowance or surcharge the court shall

decide the particular matter of complaint set forth in

the statement and no other, and if it appears to the

court that the decision of the auditor was erroneous,

they shall order such sum of money as may have been

improperly allowed, disallowed or surcharged to be paid

to the party entitled thereto by the party who ought to

repay or discharge the same, and may also, if they see fit,

order the costs of the person prosecuting the certiorari to

be paid by the board of guardians.

Appeal to 155.—(1) Any person aggrieved by any allowance.

Minister. disallowance or surcharge, in lieu of making application

to the High Court for a writ of certiorari, may apply

to the Minister to inquire into and decide upon the

lawfulness of the reasons stated by the district auditor

for the allowance, disallowance or surcharge, and thereupon the Minister may issue such order therein as he

may deem requisite for determining the question.

(2) Where an appeal is made to the Minister

against any allowance, disallowance or surcharge, the Minister may decide the appeal according to the merits

of the case, and if he finds that any disallowance or

surcharge is or has been lawfully made, but that the

subject-matter thereof was incurred under such circumstances as to make it fair and equitable that the disallowance or surcharge should be remitted, he may

direct it to be remitted upon payment of the costs, if

any, which may have been incurred by the district

auditor or other competent authority in enforcing the

disallowance or surcharge.

Appeals in

the case of

a joint

account.

156. In the case of an appeal against an allowance,

disallowance or surcharge in a joint account, the decision

of the district auditor may be reversed by the court or

the Minister, as the case may be, and the disallowance

or surcharge may be remitted by the Minister, in favour

of one or more of the persons appealing only, without

discharging the other person or persons affected by the

decision.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

215

157.—(1) In any proceedings taken by a district

auditor before a court of summary jurisdiction to recover

sums certified to be due, it shall be sufficient for him

to produce a certificate of his appointment under the

seal of the Minister, and to prove that the audit was

held, that the certificate was made in the book of

account to which it relates, that the sum certified to

be due had not been paid to the treasurer of the board

of guardians within seven days after it had been so

certified nor within three clear days before the laying of the information (of which non-payment a certificate in

writing purporting to be signed by the treasurer shall be

sufficient evidence).

(2) If at the hearing of the information it is proved

that the said sum had been paid to the treasurer subsequently to the date of such last-mentioned certificate,

the costs incurred by the district auditor shall be paid by

the party against whom the information was laid, unless

he proves that notice of the payment had been given

to the auditor twenty-four hours at least prior to the

date of laying the information.

(3) The payment of any sum certified by a district

auditor to be due in accordance with this Act may,

together with the costs of the proceedings for the

recovery thereof, be enforced in like manner as if it

were a sum due in respect of the general rate.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, a district auditor may commence any such

proceedings at any time before the expiration of nine

months from the date of the disallowance or surcharge,

or in the event of an appeal being made to the High

Court or to the Minister as hereinbefore provided, before

the expiration of nine months from the determination of the appeal.

(5) Subject to the approval of the Minister, a board

of guardians shall pay the costs, so far as not recovered

from any other source, of any legal proceedings taken by

or under the direction of a district auditor for the protection of the rates or property of the poor law union or

any parish therein, or for the recovery of any sum certified by the auditor to be due, and, in the case of a poor

law union consisting of two or more parishes, may

Proceedings

for recovery

of sums

certified to

be due.

216

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Right of

auditor to

inspect

books.

Taxation

and allowance of

solicitors ’

bills.

Audit of

accounts

of school

districts.

charge such expenses either to the common fund of the

union or to the account of any parish therein.

158 . —(1)A district auditor may at any time, when

authorised or required by the Minister so to do, inspect

the accounts and books of account of any board of

guardians or officer liable to account to him.

(2) If any guardian or officer refuses to allow

any such auditor, when so authorised or required, to

make the inspection or obstructs him in his inspection

or conceals any such account or book for the purpose

of preventing inspection thereof, he shall be liable, on

summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

159 . —(1)On the application of a board of

guardians or of the solicitor concerned, it shall be the

duty of the clerk of the peace of the county or place in

which the poor law union or any part thereof is situate,

or his deputy, to tax any bill due to a solicitor in respect

of business performed on behalf of the poor law union,

and the allowance of any sum on such taxation shall

be evidence of the reasonableness of the amount, but

not of the legality of the charge.

(2) The clerk of the peace shall be allowed for the

taxation such fee as may be fixed from time to time by

the Master of the Crown Office, and declared by an order

of the Minister, and if any such bill is not taxed before

it is presented to the district auditor, the auditor’s

decision on the reasonableness as well as the legality of the charges shall be final.

160 . —(1)The accounts of the board of management of every school district and of their officers shall

be audited by the district auditor.

(2) Every such board of management and every

such officer, shall, once in every year, at such time and

in such manner and form as may be prescribed by the Minister, account to the district auditor, and the auditor

shall have all the powers of allowing and disallowing any

charges in such accounts as are given to district auditors

by this Act as respects boards of guardians and their

officers.

(3) All sums certified by a district auditor to be due

shall be recoverable on the application of the auditor in

the manner hereinbefore provided in the case of the audit

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

217

of the accounts of a board of guardians, and the provisions

of this Part of this Act as to the audit of accounts of

boards of guardians shall apply accordingly.

(4) Within thirty days of the completion of the

audit the board of management shall cause to be printed,

and shall forward to each board of guardians within their

district, an abstract of the accounts of their district so

audited, in such form as the Minister may direct.

Part V.

Acquisition and Disposal of Property.

161 — (1) A board of guardians may, with the Powers as

approval of the Minister and subject to any rules, orders to acquisi-

or regulations made by him, purchase or take on lease turn of

land for the purpose of being used as the site of a work- an '

house or of being occupied with a workhouse, or for any

other purpose connected with the relief of the poor.

(2) For the purpose of the purchase and taking on

lease of land, sections one hundred and seventy-six

and one hundred and seventy-eight of the Public Health 38 & 39 Vict.

Act, 1875, except so far as those sections relate to the c - 55.

taking and purchasing of land otherwise than by agreement, shall apply as if they were herein re-enacted and

in terms made applicable to boards of guardians.

(3) A board of guardians, with the approval of the Minister and subject to any rules, orders or regulations

made by him, may, for any purpose for which they may

acquire land under subsection (1) of this section take any

parish lands, that is to say, land belonging to or held for

any parish in the union or the poor thereof.

(4) Subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply

to the board of management of a school district in like

manner as they apply to a board of guardians.

162 . —(1) A board of guardians may inclose from any Power of

waste or common land in or near their poor law union, inclosing

with the consent in writing of the lord of the manor and ceria in

the majority in value of the persons having rights of ands -

common therein, signified under their hands and seals,

and with the consent of the Minister, any part, not

exceeding fifty acres, of such waste or common land for

the purpose of cultivating and improving it for the

218

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power as to

disposition

of property.

use and benefit of the union and the poor persons therein,

or for any purpose for which a board of guardians may

purchase land.

(2) A board of guardians may inclose from any

forest or waste lands belonging to the Crown in or near

their poor law union, with the consent of the Treasury

and subject to the control of the Minister, any part (not

exceeding fifty acres) of any forest or waste land

belonging to the Crown, for the purpose of cultivating

and improving it for the use and benefit of the union

and the poor persons therein, or for any purpose for which

a board of guardians may purchase land:

Provided that no inclosure of land in the New

Forest shall be made under this subsection.

(3) An inclosure of common land purporting

to be made under this section shall not be valid without the consent of the Minister of Agriculture and

Fisheries.

163.—(1) A board of guardians may, with the

approval of the Minister, and subject to any rules,

orders and regulations made by him, sell, exchange, let,

or otherwise dispose of any workhouse, buildings, land,

or other property belonging to them or held in trust for

the poor law union, and

(a) in case of a sale, shall apply the proceeds thereof,

and in case of an exchange shall apply any

money received by way of equality of exchange

(after deducting in either case the reasonable

expenses) towards the purchase or building of

any workhouse, or towards the discharge of any

debt contracted by them, or in any other

manner for the permanent advantage of the union

approved by the Minister; and

(b) in case of an exchange, the land to be taken in

exchange shall be conveyed to the board of

guardians upon the same trusts as those on

which the land given in exchange was held, and

the rents and profits thereof shall be applied to

the same purposes as those to which the rents

and profits of the land given in exchange would

have been applicable; and

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927

Ch. 14.

219

(c) in the case of a lease, the rents and profits shall

be applied in such manner for the relief of the

poor as the Minister may direct.

(2) This section shall apply to the board of management of a school district in hke manner as it applies to a

board of guardians, with this modification, that the board

shall apply the proceeds or rents of the sale, exchange,

lease or disposition for the benefit of the school district

in such manner as the Minister may direct.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall affect the powers of a

board of guardians of a poor law union to dispose of

property belonging to or held in trust for any parish

or parishes comprised in the union, or the parishioners,

ratepayers or inhabitants thereof, and such powers may

be exercised without the consent of any other persons in

any case where before the commencement of this Act it

would not have been necessary to obtain the consent of

any other persons.

164.—(1) Where a poor law union consists of or

comprises a rural district, and it appears to the board of

guardians desirable that any hospital or building vested

in them should be vested in the council of the rural

district for the purpose of the reception of persons

suffering from any dangerous infectious disorder, they

may, by resolution confirmed by an order of the Minister, transfer the hospital or building accordingly,

and from the date named in the order the hospital or

building shall be deemed to be vested in the rural district

council, for the use of the inhabitants of the union or

part thereof named in the resolution and order.

(2) If the hospital or building is to be for the use

of the inhabitants of any part of the union comprised

in a borough or urban district, the order may determine

the contribution to be made by the council of that

borough or district towards the maintenance of the

hospital or building.

(3) Where part of the union is comprised in a

borough or urban district and the hospital or building

is not to be for the use of the inhabitants of that part,

the order may determine the value of the interest of that

Transfer of

hospitals

to rural

district

council.

220

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Application

of Act to

London.

Formation

of asylum

districts.

Constitution of

asylum

board.

part of the union in the hospital or building, and the

manner in which such value is to be paid to that part

by the residue of the union for whose use the hospital

or building is to be kept, and the application of the sum

so paid.

Part VI.

LONDON.

Extent and Application.

165 . This Part of this Act extends only to

London, and the provisions of this Act shall apply

to London subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act.

Asylum Boards.

Constitution and Powers.

166 . For the purpose of the provision of asylums

for the reception and relief of the sick, insane, or infirm,

or any class or classes of poor persons in receipt of

relief, the Minister may by order combine into districts

such poor law unions as he may think fit, and may

from time to time alter any such district by addition,

sub-division or otherwise, and may if he thinks fit

dissolve any such district:

Provided that, until the Minister otherwise orders,

the whole of the poor law unions in London shall continue

to be a single district for the purposes for which the

Metropolitan Asylum Board is constituted at the commencement of this Act.

167 . — (1)Eor every asylum district there shall be

constituted a body of managers (hereinafter referred to

as an asylum board), and every such board shall be a

body corporate with power, subject to orders of the Minister, to take, hold and dispose of land for the purposes

of the district.

(2) An asylum board shall consist of managers of

whom some shall be elective and some nominated as

hereinafter provided.

(3) Subject to orders made by the Minister under this

section, elective managers shall be from time to time

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

221

elected by the boards of guardians of each of the poor law

unions forming the district from among themselves, or

from among ratepayers qualified to be guardians therein,

or partly from one and partly from the other.

(4) Subject to orders made by the Minister under this

section, nominated managers shall be from time to time

nominated by the Minister from among justices of the

peace resident in the district, or from among ratepayers

assessed to the general rate therein on a rateable value

of not less than forty pounds, or partly from one and

partly from the other.

(5) The Minister shall from time to time, by order,

prescribe the total number of the managers, and the

proportion of the elective and nominated managers (but

so that the prescribed number of the nominated managers

shall not exceed one-third of the prescribed number of the elective managers), the number of elective managers

to be elected by each board of guardians, the qualifications of the managers, their tenure of office, the mode

and time of election, and the quorum for their meetings:

Provided that any person who would under this Act

be disqualified for being a guardian of any poor law union

forming part of an asylum district by reason of being or

having been a paid officer or being in receipt of a salary

or emolument payable out of the general rate shall be

disqualified for being a manager.

(6) The dissolution or alteration of any poor law

union comprised in an asylum district shall not affect the

tenure of office of any elective manager elected by the

board of guardians of that union.

(7) The provisions set forth in the Second Schedule

to this Act shall apply with respect to the election

and resignation of members of asylum boards and to the

acts of such boards and the supply of vacancies therein,

(8) An asylum board may from time to time,

subject to such regulations as the Minister may by order

prescribe, appoint committees of members of their body

and delegate to them any of their powers.

168 . Where an asylum is provided for the reception

and relief of the insane, the Board of Control may depute

one of their body, or appoint from time to time a special

Representation of

Board of

Control.

222

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Appointment, &c.,

of officers.

Provision

of asylums

commissioner, who shall be entitled to attend meetings

of the asylum board and to take part in their proceedings,

but not to vote.

169. —(1) An asylum board shall have the like

powers as a board of guardians for the appointment,

control and payment of officers.

(2) The duties, number and salaries of the officers,

and the securities to be given by them, shall be such

as the Minister may approve or by order direct.

170. —(1) The Minister may by order determine the

number of asylums to be provided for each asylum

district and direct the asylum board to purchase, hire

or build, and (in either case) to fit up buildings for asylums,

of such nature and size, and according to such plan and

in such manner as the Minister may think fit, and the

board shall carry such directions into execution.

(2) The Minister may, by order, direct that any

building for the time being used as a workhouse shall,

with such alterations as the Minister may think fit, be

used for an asylum, and thenceforth that building shall

be for the common use of the district accordingly, and

an annual sum in the nature of rent or other compensation, of such amount as the Minister may from time to

time direct, shall be paid to the board of guardians to

whom the building belongs, as long as it continues to be

so used:

Provided that, if in any such case the asylum board

expend any money in the improvement or enlargement

of the building, or the provision of substantial fittings

therein, and afterwards relinquish the use thereof, the Minister may make an adjustment in respect of that

expenditure between the owners of the building and the

asylum board, and direct such amount as he thinks

equitable to be reimbursed to the asylum board by the

owners of the building, to be paid either in a lump sum

or by instalments as the Minister may direct.

(3) An asylum board shall in accordance with orders

made by the Minister provide for every asylum all

necessary fixtures, furniture and conveniences.

(4) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the

expression " asylum " includes any workhouse or other

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

223

building, and any ship, vessel, hut, tent, or other temporary erection which may be used by the asylum board,

with the approval of the Minister, for the reception of poor

persons, or otherwise for the purposes of an asylum.

171 . — (1)The mode of admission of persons into Admission

an asylum shall be such as the Minister may by order to and

direct. government

of asylums.

(2) An asylum board shall have the like powers as

a board of guardians for the relief, maintenance and

management of the inmates of the asylum, and shall

provide such medicines, appliances and requisites for

the medical and surgical care and treatment of the

inmates, and cause the same to be used according to

such rules as the Minister may by order direct, and the

provisions of this Act enabling boards of guardians to

receive poor persons chargeable to some other poor law

union shall extend to asylum boards.

(3) The Minister may make rules, orders and regulations for the government of an asylum as if the asylum

were a workhouse.

(4) Any person relieved in an asylum shall be liable

to the same obligations in respect of the relief afforded

to him as if it were afforded in a workhouse.

(5) The provisions of this Act relating to religious

instruction and the appointment of chaplains in a district

school shall apply in the case of an asylum.

(6) Every guardian of a poor law union included in

an asylum district shall at all reasonable times be

entitled to enter an asylum and inspect any part

thereof, and enter his remarks thereon in a book to be

kept for the purpose.

172 . For the purposes of chargeability, burial and Charge-

other incidents, an asylum shall, in relation to each ability, &o.,

inmate thereof, be deemed to be in the poor law union of inmates,

from which such inmate was sent.

173 . An asylum board shall, in the exercise and General

discharge of all their powers and duties, be subject to powers and

orders of the Minister in like manner as a board of duties of

guardians. J* 1

224

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Use of

asylums for

training and

instruction.

Provisions

as to conterminous

districts.

Amalgamation of

unions

constituting

district.

Dissolution

and alteration of

asylum

districts.

Expenses.

174. —(1) Where an asylum is provided for the

reception and relief of the sick or insane, it may be

used for the training of nurses in such cases and in such

manner and subject to such regulations as the Minister

may by order direct.

(2) Where an asylum is provided for the reception

of persons suffering from fever, smallpox or diphtheria

it may be used for purposes of medical instruction,

subject to such regulations as the Minister may by order

direct.

175. Where any district formed under this Part

of this Act for the relief of any class or classes of poor

persons is conterminous with any district previously so

formed for the relief of some other class or classes, the Minister may, by order, direct that the asylum board of

any such last-mentioned district shall also be the asylum

board of the conterminous district so subsequently formed.

176. W T here all the poor law unions constituting

a district formed under this Part of this Act are formed

into one poor law union, all the property of the asylum

board shall be transferred to, and shall vest in, the board

of guardians of the union, and the liabilities, obligations,

and debts of the asylum board shall be, in like manner,

transferred to and discharged by the board of guardians,

and the asylum board shall be dissolved.

177. The provisions of this Act as to the dissolution of a board of management on the dissolution of

a school district, and as to the adjustment, vesting and

disposal of property and liabilities on the dissolution or

alteration of a school district, shall apply in the case of the dissolution or alteration of an asylum district.

Expenses and borrowing.

178. —(1) Expenses incurred by an asylum board

in or about—

(a) purchasing, hiring, building, repairing and fitting

up, or the payment of compensation for the use

of, buildings;

(b) providing fixtures and furniture, conveniences,

medicines, medical and surgical appliances and

other necessaries for keeping an asylum in

proper order;

(c) the salaries and maintenance of officers;

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

225

shall be defrayed by contributions from the poor law

unions forming the district.

(2) Expenses incurred by an asylum board in or

about the food, clothing, maintenance, care, treatment

and relief, or for the burial, of inmates of an asylum

shall be separately charged to the respective poor law

unions from which the inmates of the asylum were

sent.

(3) Nothing in this section shall affect the provisions

of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, as to the 54 & 55 Vict,

payment of expenses incurred by the Metropolitan c - 76.

Asylum Board under that Act, or the provisions of

section forty-two of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law 39 & 40 Vict.

Amendment Act, 1876, as to the recovery of charges c - 61.

incurred on behalf of sick persons not being paupers

admitted into an asylum.

179. —(1) The provisions of this Act relating to Loans,

the borrowing of money by boards of guardians shall

apply to an asylum board in like manner as if they were

a board of guardians and those provisions were in terms

made applicable to them, but with the substitution of a

reference to one-tenth of the rateable value of the asylum

district for the reference to one-fourth of the net annual

value of the poor law union.

(2) For the purposes of the provisions so applied,

the expression "common fund" in relation to an asylum

district means the fund raised by contributions from the

poor law unions forming the district, assessed on and

contributed by them in conformity with the provisions

of this Part of this Act.

180. —(1) Sums to be contributed under this Part of Provisions

this Act by poor law unions shall be assessed on, and as 1° contri-

contributed by the several boards of guardians, in butions -

proportion to the rateable value of those unions, &s

ascertained from the valuation lists for the time being

in force.

(2) An asylum board shall from time to time call

on the boards of guardians of the poor law unions

forming the district for such contributions as the asylum

board consider requisite.

P

2 26

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Audit of

accounts.

Classification of

workhouses

and

reception of

poor persons

from other

London

unions.

(3) An order (in a form prescribed by the Minister)

signed by the clerk or other officer of the asylum board,

requiring the payment of the amount of the contribution,

shall fourteen days at least before the contribution

becomes due be delivered to the clerk or acting clerk of the board of guardians liable to the contribution.

(4) If any contribution is not duly paid, the asylum

board shall (in addition to any other remedies) have the

like remedies for the recovery of the contribution, or so

much thereof as is not paid, from the council authorised

to levy the general rate in the several parishes in the

poor law union liable for the contribution as the board

of guardians have, and if any such council pays in respect

of any parish any money to the asylum board on account

of such contribution, they shall be entitled to credit for

such payment in the accounts of the union with the

parish.

181.—(1) The accounts of an asylum board and

their officers shall be audited in like manner and subject

to the like provisions as the accounts of a board of

guardians in London and their officers, and those provisions shall apply accordingly:

Provided that the accounts of the Metropolitan

Asylum Board shall be made up and audited once a

year.

(2) Within one month after each audit the asylum

board shall deliver to each board of guardians whose

poor law union is comprised in the district a printed

abstract (in a form prescribed by the Minister) of the

accounts as audited.

Special Provisions with respect to Metropolitan

Boards of Guardians.

Classification of Poor Persons.

182.—(1) A board of guardians may, with the

approval of the Minister, set apart any ward or portion

of a workhouse for the reception of particular classes

or descriptions of poor persons, and provide separate

maintenance and treatment for them therein, subject to

such regulations as the Minister may order or approve,

and may, with the consent of the Minister, receive and

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

227

maintain therein any poor person of the same class or

description chargeable to any other poor law union

upon such terms as may be agreed between the boards

of guardians concerned.

(2) Where, in the opinion of the Munster, a work-

house is adapted only for the reception of poor persons

of a particular class or particular classes, but is capable

of accommodating poor persons of that class or those

classes from any other poor law union in London, the Minister may, by order, direct the board of guardians of the poor law union to which the workhouse belongs to

receive, lodge and maintain therein poor persons of that

class or those classes, or any of them, from any such

other poor law union, and the board shall receive, lodge

and maintain such persons accordingly on terms to be

agreed on, with the approval of the Minister, between

the boards of guardians concerned, or, in default of such

agreement, to be prescribed by order of the Minister.

(3) Any such person so received into a workhouse

shall, while therein, be treated in all respects in like

manner, and be subject to the same regulations and

liabilities, as the other persons of the same class or

condition, and shall be deemed to be chargeable in the

first instance to the receiving union:

Provided that the residence of such a person in a

workhouse shall, in all other respects, be attended with

the same legal consequences as if the workhouse had

been situated within the poor law union from which he

was sent.

(4) Every guardian of the poor law union from

which a person is sent to the workhouse of another poor

law union under this section may at all reasonable times

enter the workhouse and inspect any part thereof.

183. For the purpose of facilitating the appoint- Variation of

ment of resident workhouse medical officers, and for contracts

improving the classification and management of any with officers,

classes of poor persons, the Minister may, by order,

determine, or from time to time vary, as he thinks fit,

any contract with any medical or other officer appointed

by a board of guardians, and direct the board to pay to

the officer affected thereby such compensation by way

of increased salary, or of an annuity, or of a gross sum,

or otherwise, as the Minister may think fit.

228

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Dispensaries.

Dispensary

committees.

Places for

seeing sick

poor, &c.

Appointment of

Medical Out-door Relief.

184. The Minister may, by order, direct a board of

guardians to provide one or more dispensaries, and for

that purpose either to purchase, hire or build, and to

fit up and furnish, one or more buildings, of such nature

and size, as the Minister may think fit, or to set apart,

adapt, fit up and furnish a part of a workhouse, and in

either case according to such plans, and in such manner,

as the Minister may think fit.

185. —(1) Where the [Minister, on the application

of a board of guardians, so orders, there shall be a

committee of management for the dispensaries of the

poor law union, to be called the dispensary committee.

(2) The dispensary committee shall be elected by

the guardians from among themselves, or from among

ratepayers of the poor law union assessed to the general

rate on a rateable value of not less than forty pounds,

or partly from one and partly from the other.

(3) The Minister shall prescribe the number and

tenure of office of the members of the dispensary

committee, the mode and times of election, and the

quorum for their meetings.

186. —(1) Where a board of guardians in compliance

with a requirement by the Minister provide a dispensary,

they shall also provide, according to the directions of the Minister, proper places where the medical officers may

see such of the sick poor as attend there for advice,

and where meetings of the dispensary committee may be

held.

(2) Where a board of guardians provide a dispensary

otherwise than in compliance with a requirement by the Minister, they shall, if required by the Minister so to do,

provide a proper room at the dispensary where the

medical officers may see such of the sick poor as attend

there for advice, and medical officers shall personally, or

by their authorised substitutes, attend at the dispensary

during the times fixed for the purpose by the board of

guardians with the approval of the Minister.

187. —(1) The dispensary committee, or where a

dispensary committee has not been established the board

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

229

of guardians, shad appoint proper persons to be dispensers dispensers,

of medicine, and may appoint such other officers and &c -

servants for the purposes of the dispensaries as they

think fit.

(2) The duties, qualifications, number and salaries

of the dispensers, officers and servants shall be such as

the Minister may approve or by order direct.

(3) Where a dispensary committee has been established, the power of appointing district medical officers

for the poor law union shall be vested in the committee

subject to the rules and orders of the Minister respecting

the appointment and removal of officers.

(4) For giving effect to the provisions of this Part

of this Act relating to medical outdoor relief, the Minister

may vary, as he may think fit, medical districts, and the

salaries of, and contracts with, district medical officers.

188. A board of guardians providing a dispen- Provision

sary shall provide proper medicines, appliances and and dis-

requisites for the care and surgical treatment of the sick P ensm g of

poor relieved out of the workhouse, and the medicines, & c lclne8 ’

appliances and requisites shall be dispensed and furnished

to such of the poor entitled to relief as require them, on

the prescription or written direction of the district medical

officer, subject to such regulations as the Minister may

by order direct.

189. A board of guardians may, with the consent of the Minister, enter into arrangements with any

public general hospital or dispensary situated within

the poor law union for the reception and treatment in

the hospital or dispensary of poor persons in receipt of

relief on terms to be arranged between the board of

guardians, with the sanction of the Minister, and the

authorities of the hospital or dispensary.

Casual Poor.

190. — (1) Every board of guardians shall provide Casual poor

within the poor law union such wards or other places for persons,

the reception and relief of casual poor persons as the Minister directs:

Provided that, until the Minister by order otherwise

directs, such duty as aforesaid and all other duties and

powers of boards of guardians with respect to casual poor

Arrangements with

public

general

hospitals.

230

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

persons shall be performed and exercised throughout

the whole of the poor law unions in London by the

Metropolitan Asylum Board.

(2) The wards or places of reception provided under

this section shall be open for the admission of casual poor

persons who apply to be admitted during the hours

between six o’clock in the evening and eight o’clock in

the morning in the months between October and March

inclusive, and during the hours between eight o’clock

in the evening and eight o’clock in the morning in the

months between April and September inclusive.

(3) The Minister shall cause the wards and other

places of reception provided under this section to be

inspected not less than once in every four months,

during the hours during which such wards and places are

by this section required to be open for admission, and the

results of the inspection shall be reported to the Minister.

(4) Any constable of the metropolitan police or

of the police of the City of London may personally

conduct any casual poor person, not charged with any

offence, to any ward or other place of reception approved

of by the Minister, and every such person shall, if there

is room, be temporarily relieved therein.

(5) The provisions of this Act relating to the discharge of casual poor persons shall in their application to London have effect subject to the following

modifications:—

(a) in determining the number of admissions of a

casual poor person every casual ward in

London shall be deemed to be a casual ward of the same union;

(b) the expression "the workhouse of the union "

shall include any workhouse and any asylum

provided under this Act for the reception and

setting to work of casual poor persons to which

the casual poor persons of the union can be sent.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

Manner in 191.—(1) Subject to the provisions of the Agri-

which ex- cultural Rates Acts, 1896 and 1923, where a board of

penscs to be guardians require to raise from two or more parishes

1927. Poor Law Act, 1927. Cn. 14.

within the poor law union any sum in respect of contributions to the common fund of the union, they shall raise

that sum in proportion to the rateable value of those

parishes as ascertained from the valuation lists for the

time being in force.

(2) For the purpose of raising any sum so apportioned

to any parish, or in the case of a poor law union consisting

of a single parish any expenses of the board of guardians

thereof, precepts shall be sent—

(a) in the case of the City of London Poor Law

Union to the common council of the City of

London; and

(b) in the case of any other poor law union to the

council of each metropolitan borough wholly or

partly comprised within the union;

in accordance with the City of London (Union of Parishes)

Act, 1907, and the London Government Act, 1899,

respectively.

192. Where a board of guardians have at any

time, under the orders of the Minister, borrowed and

expended money upon the improvement or enlargement

of a workhouse or other property belonging to a parish

comprised within the poor law union, and the work-

house or property is afterwards sold or let, the board

shall be entitled to receive out of the purchase money

or rents such an amount as, in the opinion of the Minister, appears reasonable, and the money or rent so

received shall be appropriated for the benefit of the

union in such manner as the Minister by order directs.

193. —(1) The accounts of boards of guardians and

boards of management of school districts shall be audited

half yearly, or as often as the rules, orders and regulations

of the Minister may direct, but not less often than once

in every half year, and the provisions of this Act as to

audit shall have effect accordingly.

(2) Within one month of each audit of the accounts

of a board of guardians, they shall deliver, in the case of the City of London Poor Law Union to the common

council of the City of London, and in the case of any

other poor law union to the council of each metropolitan

borough in which the union or any part thereof is situated,

one or more copies of the financial statement of the

231

charged and

raised.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 16.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 39.

7 Edw. 7.

62*& 63 Vict 63 Vict,

c. 14.

Recoupment of

money

expended

on parish

workhouse.

Provisions

as to audit.

232

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Metropolitan

common

poor fund.

Assessment

of contributions to

fund.

Collection of

contributions to

fund.

board, showing the receipts, expenditure, balances and

liabilities for the half year, as audited.

Metropolitan Common Poor Fund.

194. —(1) The Metropolitan Common Poor Fund

(hereinafter referred to as the common poor fund), shall

be raised according to the provisions of this Part of this Act by contributions from the several poor law unions

and places in London, and shall be under the management

of the receiver of the common poor fund (hereinafter

referred to as the receiver), who shall be appointed by

the Minister, and shall be removable by him, and shall

receive such salary and give such security (if any) as

the Minister may direct.

(2) The salaries of the receiver and his assistants,

and all expenses incurred by him in the execution of this Part of this Act, shall be paid out of the common

poor fund.

(3) The receiver shall keep an account with the

Bank of England, intituled " the account of the receiver

of the metropolitan common poor fund for the time being, "

which shall be drawn on in such manner and according

to such regulations as the Minister may by order direct.

195. The Minister shall from time to time assess

on the several poor law unions the amounts of their

respective contributions to the common poor fund in

proportion to the rateable value of those unions, to be

determined according to the valuation lists for the time

being in force.

196. —(1) The Minister shall from time to time

issue to each board of guardians a contribution order

requiring them to pay the amount of the contribution

therein specified, in the manner and within the time

therein specified, and the board of guardians shall accordingly cause the amount of their contribution to be raised

out of the general rate and pay it into the Bank of

England to the credit of the account of the receiver:

Provided that the board shall be entitled to have

credit in part payment of their contribution for the

amount which may be repayable to them out of the

common poor fund, under the order of the Minister as

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

233

hereinafter mentioned, in respect of expenditure during

the preceding half year.

(2) No order under this section shall be liable to be

removed into any court by certiorari or otherwise, nor

shall any precept of a board of guardians, or any rate,

be liable to question in any court on the ground of its

having been made wholly or partly in furtherance of any

such order.

197.—(1) In order to obtain payment of the

amount of the contribution to the common poor fund

payable in respect of any place which is not included

in a poor law union (that is to say, the Inner Temple,

the Middle Temple, Lincoln’s Inn, and Gray’s Inn), the Minister shall from time to time issue—

(a) in the case of the Inner Temple and the Middle

Temple to the masters of the bench, treasurer,

or sub-treasurer thereof; and

(b) in the case of Lincoln’s Inn and Gray’s Inn to

the council of the Metropolitan Borough of

Holborn;

an order requiring the payment of the amount of

contribution therein specified, in the manner and within

the time therein specified.

(2) In the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple

the masters of the bench, treasurer or sub-treasurer,

may levy on the several persons occupying rateable

property therein the amount of the contribution so

payable by means of a rate in the nature of a general

rate, and for that purpose may employ and remunerate

collectors, and shall have the like powers as are for the

time being vested in rating authorities in London for

the purposes of the making, assessing, levying and

collecting the general rate.

(3) Contributions shall not be payable under this

section in respect of the Inner Temple, the Middle

Temple or Gray’s Inn, if and so long as the contributions are made in manner hereinafter provided in

respect of the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple

to the guardians of the City of London Poor Law Union,

and in respect of Gray’s Inn to the guardians of the

Holborn Union.

Contributions from

Inns of

Court.

234

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Recovery of

contributions.

Application

of fund.

198. If any contribution to the common poor fund

required by the Minister to be paid by any board of

guardians, council, masters of the bench, treasurer or

sub-treasurer is not duly paid, the receiver shall (in

addition to any other remedies) have the like remedies

for the recovery, in the receiver’s own name, of the

contribution, or of so much thereof as is not paid, as

boards of guardians have for the recovery from rating

authorities of contributions of parishes, and for that

purpose the order of the Minister requiring the contribution shall be conclusive evidence of the amount

thereof and of the liability thereto of the party sued.

199. Expenses incurred for the following purposes

shall be repaid out of the common poor fund, that is

to say—

(a) for the maintenance of lunatics in institutions

for lunatics and of insane poor in asylums

under this Part of this Act, except such

expenses as are chargeable as expenses of the

London County Council;

(b) for the maintenance of poor persons who are in

receipt of relief and are inmates of an asylum

provided under this Part of this Act for patients

suffering from fever, diphtheria or smallpox;

(c) for the maintenance of poor persons in any

other asylum provided under this Part of this Act, and of poor persons above the age of sixteen

years in any workhouse:

Provided that—

(i) the Minister shall certify the maximum

number of poor persons to be maintained

in any asylum or workhouse; and no repayment shall be made in respect of a greater

number of poor persons maintained in any

asylum on any one day than will complete the

maximum number so certified, nor in respect

of a greater number of poor persons maintained in any workhouse on any one day than

will, together with children under the age of

sixteen years, if any, maintained therein on

the same day, complete the maximum number

so certified; and

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

235

(ii) the amount so repaid in respect of

maintenance shall be at the rate of fivepence

per day for each poor person;

(d) for the maintenance of poor children in district,

separate and certified schools and in certified

industrial schools:

Provided that—

(i) an institution for the maintenance of

poor children shall not be deemed to be

excluded from the provisions of this section

by reason only of the children being educated

at a public elementary school or elsewhere

outside the institution;

(ii) if on any day the number of poor

children maintained in any district or separate

school exceeds the number certified by the Minister as the maximum number of children

to be maintained in that school, no repayment shall be made from the common poor

fund in respect of the maintenance during

that day of the children so in excess; and in

such case where children are received in any

such school from more than one poor law union,

so much of the cost of their maintenance as is

not repaid from the common poor fund

shall be borne in such manner as the Minister

may direct;

(e) for the maintenance and instruction of orphan

or deserted children placed out by a board of

guardians with the consent of the Minister;

(f) for all medicine and medical and surgical appliances supplied by boards of guardians under

this Act to poor persons in receipt of relief;

(g) for the salaries (including the cost of rations

according to a scale fixed by the Minister) of

all officers employed by boards of guardians in

and about the relief of the poor, by boards of

management of school districts, and by asylum

boards, and of the dispensers and other persons

employed in dispensaries under this Part of this Act, where the appointments of such officers

have been sanctioned by the Minister;

236

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Suspension

of right of

repayment

in case of

default.

(h) for compensation to any medical officer of a

workhouse affected by the determination or

variation by the Minister of a contract respecting

medical relief in the workhouse, and for compensation to any officer deprived of his office or

whose salary or emoluments are diminished by

the dissolution or alteration of a poor law union

or of a parish being added to or taken from such

a union or the dissolution of a school district or

asylum district;

(i) for fees for registration of births and deaths;

(j) for fees for and other expenses of vaccination

incurred with the authority and approval of the Minister;

(k) for the relief of casual poor persons certified

by the auditor, including the cost and expenses

of providing such wards or other places of

reception for such persons as the Minister under

this Act may direct.

200.—(1) If a board of guardians or an asylum board,

during any half year ending on the thirtieth day of

September or the thirty-first day of March, have

refused or neglected to comply with any order of the Minister—

(a) directing the alteration or enlarging of a work-

house or asylum; or

(b) directing the provision of proper drainage,

ventilation, fixtures, furniture, surgical and

medical appliances; or

(c) directing the appointment of any officer; or

(d) prescribing the maximum number of poor persons

to be maintained in any workhouse or asylum,

or the classification of such persons;

the board shall be deemed to be in default, and the Minister may, if he thinks fit, omit from his order for such

half year addressed to the receiver the sums which the

board of guardians, or the boards of guardians of the

several poor law unions comprised in the asylum district,

would, if there had been no such default, have been

entitled to be repaid out of the common poor fund under

paragraph (c) of the last preceding section:

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

237

Provided that, if the hoard comply with the order

before the termination of the next ensuing half year, the Minister may include in his order for that half year

the sums so omitted from his orders for the previous

half year.

(2) If a board of guardians, after being required by

the Minister to provide a dispensary, neglect or refuse

to comply with the requisition, no repayment shall be

made from the common poor fund to that board in respect

of any medicine or medical or surgical appliances supplied

by them to poor persons or in respect of the salaries

of the medical officers of the poor law union until the

board provide a dispensary in conformity with the

requisition.

201. Nothing in this Part of this Act shall prevent Saving for

any board of guardians from obtaining a removal order orders of

or an order of maintenance in respect of any person by removal and

reason of his costs and expenses being repaid out of the mainten '

common poor fund. J1

202. After each half-yearly audit the district Mode of reauditor shall, within such time and in such manner as payment

the Minister directs, certify to the Minister the amount out of fund,

actually expended by each poor law union in respect of

expenses which are to be repaid out of the common poor

fund, and the Minister shall by order direct the receiver

to repay out of that fund to the boards of guardians the

several sums so expended, and the amount repaid shall

be applied by them in aid of the fund out of which the

expenses of the relief of the poor are payable.

Special Provisions as respects Metropolitan School

Districts.

203. All the provisions of this Part of this Act with Contribu-

respect to the assessment of, calling for, and recovery tion to

of contributions from poor law unions to an asylum board expenses

shall apply to contributions from poor law unions to districts

boards of management of school districts.

204. The Minister may nominate to be members of Addition of

a board of management of a school district such persons nominated

as he may think fit from among justices of the peace members to

district

board. 1

238

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Acquisition

of land, &c.

9&10 Geo.5.

c. 57.

resident in the school district, or from among ratepayers

assessed to the general rate therein on a rateable value of

not less than forty pounds, or partly from one and partly

from the other, but so that the number of members so

nominated shall not exceed one-third of the full number

of the elective members of the hoard.

Acquisition of Land.

205.—(1) The provisions of Part V. of this Act

relative to the acquisition of sites or buildings for work-

houses shall extend to lands and buildings which in the

opinion of the Minister are required to be purchased,

hired or otherwise acquired for any of the purposes of this Part of this Act, and shall have effect as if an asylum

board were a board of guardians, and as if an asylum or

dispensary were a workhouse.

(2) For the purpose of enlarging any workhouse,

hospital or district school, existing on the twenty-ninth

day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, a board

of guardians, board of management of a school district or

an asylum board may, by order of the Minister, acquire

land compulsorily, and for that purpose the provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts relating to the purchase of land

otherwise than by agreement, as modified by the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, are

hereby incorporated with this Part of tins Act, with these

modifications, namely, that in those Acts the expression

" the promoters of the undertaking " shall mean the

board desirous of purchasing lands, and the expression

" lands " shall include any interest in, or easement or

other right over or affecting, land:

Provided that before the Minister makes any such

order the board applying for the order shall publish once

at least in each of four consecutive weeks in a daily

morning newspaper published in London an advertisement stating the object for which the land is proposed

to be taken, the quantity of land required, and the place

where a plan of the land is open for inspection at reasonable hours, and shall four weeks before the application

to the Minister serve notices on the owners or reputed

owners, lessees or reputed lessees, and occupiers of the

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

239

land, stating the particulars thereof, and that the board

are willing to treat for purchase thereof.

(3) For the purpose of the purchase of land adjacent

to an asylum provided by the Metropolitan Asylum Board,

sections one hundred and seventy-six and two hundred

and ninety-six to two hundred and ninety-eight of the

Public Health Act, 1875, shall apply as if they were herein 38 & 39 Vict,

re-enacted and in terms made applicable to the Metro- c - 55.

politan Asylum Board and to the purposes of this section.

General.

206. An order of the Minister under this Part of Orders of this Act shall not be deemed a general rule within the Minister,

operation of this Act, although addressed to more than

one poor law union.

207. —(1) The Inner Temple, the Middle Temple Prohibition

and Gray’s Inn shall not be added to a parish or poor law a S amHt

union so long as the masters of the bench thereof make °

payments, as regards the Inner Temple and the Middle Court in

Temple to the board of guardians of the City of London parish or

Poor Law Union, and as regards Gray’s Inn to the board union.

of guardians of the Holborn Union, of such sums as may

be called for by those boards respectively as contributions

in aid of the funds of those unions upon a precept framed

according to the form set forth in the Ninth Schedule to

this Act or in a form to the like effect, which sum, together

with the costs of collection, shall, when the masters of the

bench of the Inn think proper, be paid out of a rate in

the nature of the general rate to be made and levied in

like manner as the general rate in a parish.

(2) Any such contribution shall be based upon the

rateable value of the Inn as settled by the valuation list

in force for the time being, or as otherwise settled by

the Minister for its contribution to the common poor fund,

and shall be calculated and issued in every respect as if

the Inn were a parish comprised in the appropriate union,

so however that the contribution shall not include any

sum, whether for principal or interest, in respect of the repayment of money borrowed by the board of

guardians:

240

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Compensation of

officers.

Provision of

training

ships.

Appointment of

officers on

failure of

managers,

&c.

Provided that the contribution of the respective

poor law unions towards the common poor fund shall

be calculated upon the rateable value of those unions

increased by the rateable value of the Inn or Inns

contributing thereto as aforesaid.

208. —(1) Any compensation payable to any officer

who is deprived of his office or whose salary or emoluments are diminished by reason of a poor law union, school

district or asylum district being dissolved or of a poor law

union being altered, or of a parish being added to or taken

from a poor law union, shall be paid by the board of

guardians of such one of the unions affected by the

dissolution or alteration as the Minister may by order

direct.

(2) In computing the time of service of any officer

of a poor laAV union who is deprived of his office by reason

of a union being dissolved or altered, any period during

which the officer has been in the service of the council of

any metropolitan borough comprising the union or any

part thereof, or the predecessors of that council, shall,

with the consent of the council, be included.

209. A board of guardians and a board of management of a school district or an asylum board may, with

the consent of the Minister, purchase, hire, or otherwise

acquire and fit up and furnish one or more ships to

be used for the training of boys for the sea service,

and every such ship shall be deemed to be a school

or asylum, as the case may be, within the meaning

of this Act.

210. If at any time an asylum board, or a dispensary committee, or a board of guardians, fail for

fourteen days after receipt of a requisition of the Minister

in that behalf to appoint (either originally or on a

vacancy) any officer whom they are by law required or

authorised to appoint, then, at any time after the expiration of that period, the Minister may by order appoint

a fit person to be such officer, and the person so

appointed shall have and perform the same powers,

rights, privileges and duties, as if the appointment had

been duly made by the asylum board, dispensary

committee or board of guardians, as the case may be.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

241

Part VII.

Central Administration.

General.

211. —(1) For executing the powers given to him

by this Act the Minister shall make such rules, orders

and regulations as he may think fit for—

(a) the management of the poor;

(b) the government of workhouses and the education

of children therein;

(c) the apprenticing of children of poor persons;

(d) the guidance and control of boards of guardians

and their officers so far as relates to the management or relief of the poor and subject to the

provisions of this Act prescribing their duties;

(e) the making and entering into contracts in all

matters relating to such management or relief,

or to any expenditure for the relief of the

poor;

(f) the keeping, examining, auditing and allowing

of accounts; and

(g) any purposes for which rules, orders and regulations may be made under this Act and generally

the carrying of this Act into execution in all

other respects.

(2) All rules, orders and regulations made by the Minister under this Act shall have effect as if enacted

in this Act, subject however to the power of the Minister to suspend, alter or rescind any such rule, order

or regulation.

212. —(1) Except where otherwise provided by this Act, all powers given by this Act, and all powers given

by every other Act, whether public general or local,

relating to—

(a) the building, altering or enlarging of work-

houses;

(b) the acquisition and disposal of workhouses and

the sites thereof;

(c) the preparation of houses for the reception of

poor persons, and the dieting, clothing, employment and government of such persons;

Q

Power of

Minister

to make

rules, &c.

Control of

Minister

over exercise of

powers.

242

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to

refer to

Minister

disputes as

to settlement, &c.

General

rules.

(d) the raising and borrowing of money for any of the purposes aforesaid and the repayment

thereof;

and all other powers of regulating and conducting work-

houses and of the government, care, and employment of

poor persons therein, and all powers auxiliary to any of the powers aforesaid or in any way relating to the relief

of the poor, shall be exercised by the persons authorised

by law to exercise the powers under the control and

subject to the rules, orders and regulations of the Minister.

(2) The Minister may direct the mode in which any

money required for the purchase of any property by a

board of guardians is to be raised, paid and secured, and

the objects to which rents, profits or income of any

property acquired by a board of guardians are to be

applied.

(3) The Minister may give directions as to the

forms of conveyance and instruments by way of sale

exchange, assignment, security or transfer under the

authority of tins Act.

213. Boards of guardians between whom any question affecting the settlement, removal or chargeability

of any person arises, may by agreement under their

common seals submit the question to the Minister for his

decision, and the Minister may, if he sees fit, by order

determine the question, and every such order shall in all

courts and for all purposes be final and conclusive

between the boards by whom the question was submitted.

214. —(1) Save as otherwise expressly provided in

this Act, every rule, order or regulation made by the Minister under this Act which affects more than one poor

law union (other than an order for the formation of two

or more poor law unions into a district) shall be deemed

a general rule, and every rule, order or regulation made

to vary or rescind a general rule shall also be deemed a

general rule, notwithstanding that it affects one poor law

union only.

(2) The Minister shall cause a copy of every general

rule to be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon

as may be after its publication.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

243

(3) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, disallow

any such general rule, or any part thereof, and thereupon

the rule, so far as it has been so disallowed, shall cease

to hare effect, but without prejudice to the validity of

anything previously done thereunder.

215.—(1) A copy of every rule, order or regulation Publication

made by the Minister under this Act shall, before it and date of

comes into operation in any poor law union, be sent by operation of the Minister to the board of guardians of the union mles’* c *

or their clerk, and no such rule, order or regulation

(except as otherwise expressly provided by this Act) shall

come into operation until the expiration of fourteen days

after a copy thereof has been so sent:

Provided that every general rule made by the Minister under this Act shall be published in the London

Gazette, and, when so published, shall take effect in like

manner and have the same force and validity as if a

copy thereof had on the date of publication been

sent in manner hereinbefore provided.

(2) The board of guardians or their clerk shall

preserve and publish all such rules, orders and regulations in such manner as the Minister directs, and

shall allow any owner of property or his agent, and

any ratepayer in the poor law union to inspect them

at all reasonable times, free of charge, and shall furnish

copies thereof at the rate of threepence for every folio

of seventy-two words, and shall allow copies thereof or

extracts therefrom to be taken at the rate of three-

halfpence for every such folio.

(3) If any guardian or a clerk to a board of

guardians to whom such rules, orders or regulations, or

copies thereof, are sent as aforesaid neglects to preserve

or publish the same as directed by the Minister, or

refuses to allow such inspection or to furnish or allow

copies or extracts to be taken as aforesaid, he shall for

every such offence be liable, on summary conviction, to a

fine not exceeding ten pounds.

(4) If any general rule after it has come into operation is disallowed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, or

if any rule, order or regulation is revoked by the Minister,

the Minister shall send to the board of guardians of

244

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to act

on rules,

&e. immediately.

Evidence of

transmission of rules,

&c.

Penalty on

.persons

disobeying

rules, &c.

every poor law union affected by the rule, order or

regulation, or to their clerk, notice of the disallowance or

revocation, and the provisions of this section as to the

preservation, publication and inspection of rules, orders

and regulations, and the furnishing and taking of copies

and extracts, shall apply to such notice as aforesaid in

like manner as they apply to the original rule, order or

regulation.

216. Nothing in this Act shall be taken to invalidate

any act or proceeding done or taken in conformity with

any rule, order or regulation of the Minister by the

person to whom it is addressed, although the period of

fourteen days has not elapsed from the date when the

copy of the rule, order or regulation was sent, or, in the

case of a general rule, was published in the London

Gazette.

217. —(1) It shall not be necessary in any civil or

criminal proceeding to prove the sending of any rule,

order or regulation in accordance with the provisions

of this Act, except to the clerk to the board of guardians

of the poor law union within which the rule, order or

regulation is intended to have effect.

(2) It shall in no case be necessary to prove such

sending unless reasonable notice in writing is given,

by the party requiring such proof to the party upon

whom such proof would lie, that such proof will be

required.

(3) Whenever it is proved to the satisfaction of a

court that a rule, order or regulation was sent, and that

the party who has given such notice as aforesaid was

cognizant thereof, the court shall order the reasonable

expenses of the witnesses called to prove the same to be

paid by that party.

218. —(1) If any person wilfully neglects or disobeys any rule, order or regulation made by the Minister under this Act, he shall be liable, on summary

conviction, for the first offence to a fine not exceeding

five pounds, and for a second offence to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds nor less than five pounds.

(2) In the event of a person having been convicted

twice, every subsequent offence shall be deemed a

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

245

misdemeanour, and he shall be liable on conviction on

indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

two years and to a fine of not less than twenty pounds.

219. —(1) No rule, order or regulation made by the Minister under this Act shall be removable by writ of

certiorari into any court except the High Court.

(2) No such writ shall be granted unless the writ is

applied for—

(a) in the case of a general rule, within twelve

months after the date of the publication of the

rule in the London Gazette; and

(b) in the case of any other rule, order or regulation,

within twelve months after the date when copies

have been sent in manner provided by this Act.

(3) If on a rule, order or regulation being removed

into the High Court by writ of certiorari it is quashed as

illegal, the Minister shall forthwith notify the judgment

of the court to all boards of guardians affected thereby,

and the rule, order or regulation shall from the date of the receipt of the notice be void, without prejudice,

however, to the validity or legality of anything previously

done thereunder; but until the receipt of such notice a

rule order or regulation which has been removed into the

High Court shall continue of full force and effect.

220. —(I) Where it appears to the Minister that the

board of guardians for any poor law union have ceased,

or are acting in such a manner as will render them unable,

to discharge all or any of the functions exercisable by

the board, the Minister may by order appoint such person

or persons, as he may think fit (whether qualified or not

to be guardians for the union), to constitute the board in

substitution for the then existing members of the board

(who shall on the making of the order vacate their office)

for such period, not exceeding twelve months, as may be

specified in the order, and the persons so appointed shall

be deemed for all purposes to constitute the board.

Until the expiration of the term of office of the

persons appointed by the order (in this section referred

to as " the appointed guardians "), no person shall become

a member of the board otherwise than by the appointment of the Minister.

Appeals

against

rules, &c.

Proceedings

on default

by board of

guardians.

246

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Where any such order is made, provision shall be

made thereby, or by a subsequent order under this

section, for the holding of an election of members of the

board to come into office on the expiration of the term

of office of the appointed guardians, and with respect to

the term of office of the guardians elected at that election.

(2) The Minister may at any time, and from time to

time, by order extend, for a period not exceeding six

months, the term of office of the appointed guardians.

An order under this subsection shall be laid before

both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after it

is made, and if either House, within twenty-one days

after the order has been laid before it, presents an address

to His Majesty praying that the order may be annulled,

His Majesty may by Order in Council annul the order,

and it shall thenceforth be -void, but without prejudice

to the validity of anything previously done thereunder,

or the making of a fresh order.

(3) An order made under this section may—

(a) contain such supplemental and consequential

provisions as appear to the Minister to be

necessary or expedient for the purpose of

giving full effect to the order; and

(b) be amended, varied, or revoked by a subsequent

order made under this section.

(4) There may, out of any moneys in the hands of the appointed guardians for the purpose of the exercise

of the powers or the discharge of the duties of the board,

be paid to the appointed guardians such remuneration,

and to any persons appointed to advise the appointed

guardians such reasonable allowance on account of

travelling expenses and by way of subsistence, as the Minister may approve.

(5) If before the date on which an order is made

under this section in respect of any board of guardians

the clerk or any other officer of the board has, on the

directions of the Minister, incurred any liabilities in

connection with the relief of the poor in the poor law

union, the appointed guardians may discharge those

liabilities out of any moneys in their hands as aforesaid.

(6) The provisions of this Part of this Act relating

to rules orders and regulations made by the Minister

shall not apply to orders under this section.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

247

Inspectors and Inquiries .

221. —(1) The Minister shall, subject to the consent Appoint-

of the Treasury as to number, by order appoint inspectors ment, &c. of

for the purpose of assisting in the execution of this Act, ms I )ectors -

and may assign to the inspectors such duties as the Minister may think fit, and the Minister may remove any

such inspector.

(2) There shall be paid to every such inspector such

salary as the Treasury may determine.

222. An inspector appointed under this Act shall Duties of

be entitled to visit and inspect every workhouse or place inspectors,

wherein any poor person in receipt of relief is lodged,

and to attend any meeting of a board of guardians

and any parochial and other local meeting held for

the relief of the poor, and to take part in the proceedings,

but not to vote at the meeting.

223. —(1) The Minister may cause such inquiries to Power to

be held and require such returns to be made as the hold in.

Minister may consider necessary or desirable for the Quines,

purposes of this Act.

(2) The Minister and any inspector appointed under

this Act may by summons require any person to attend,

at such time and place as is set forth in the summons,

to give evidence or to produce any documents in his

possession or power which relate to any matter in question

at the inquiry, and shall have power to take evidence

on oath, and for that purpose to administer oaths, or

may, instead of administering an oath, require the person

examined to make and subscribe a declaration of the

truth of the matter respecting which he is examined:

Provided that—

(a) no person shall be required, in obedience to

such a summons, to go more than ten miles

from his place of abode; and

(i b) nothing in this section shall empower the Minister or any inspector to require the production of the title, or of any instrument

relating to the title, of any land or any

interest therein not being the property of

any poor law union or parish.

248

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

(3) The Minister may, with the consent of the

Treasury, appoint a person to act, for a period not

exceeding thirty days, as an inspector for the purpose

of conducting any special inquiry, and the Minister

may delegate to any person so appointed such of his

powers as he may deem necessary or expedient for

summoning witnesses and conducting such inquiry.

(4) Every person who refuses or wilfully neglects

to attend in obedience to any summons of the Minister

or of any inspector, or to give evidence, or who wilfully

alters, suppresses, conceals, destroys or refuses to produce

any books or other documents which he may be required

to produce for the purposes of this Act shall be guilty

of a misdemeanour.

(5) The Minister in any case where he thinks fit

may order such expenses of a witness as he deems

reasonable to be paid—

(a) where the witness attends in pursuance of a

summons under this section and a poor law

union or any pai’ish appears to the Minister

to be interested, by the board of guardians

of that union or of the union in which the parish

is comprised, and in the latter case may direct

the expenses to be charged either to the common fund of the union or to the account of the

parish; and

(6) in any other case, as part of the expenses of the Minister in the execution of this Act:

Provided that the Minister shall not order the

expenses of a witness travelling more than ten miles

from the union or parish so interested to be paid by the

board of guardians.

(b) If a person is charged with any misconduct in

any matter relating to the administration of the laws

relating to the relief of the poor and a special inquiry

into the charge is held, the person bringing the charge

and the person charged shall be entitled to appear at the

inquiry by counsel or solicitor, but this provision shall

not be construed as affecting the powers of the person

holding any inquiry under this Act (whether a special

inquiry or not) to allow any person appearing at the

inquiry to be represented by counsel or solicitor.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

249

Part VIII.

General.

Legal Proceedings.

224. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Power of

Solicitors Act, 1843, any officer of a board of guardians, officers to

or of a board of management of a school district may,

if duly empowered by the board, make or resist any p rocee di n gs

application, claim or complaint, or take and conduct 6 & 7 Vict,

any proceedings on behalf of the board, before any o. 73.

court of summary jurisdiction, although he is not a

certificated solicitor.

225. —(1) Any board of guardians and any board Provisionsas

of management of a school district may at any meeting to evidence,

thereof make a certificate of chargeability in the form

set out in the Tenth Schedule to this Act, or in a

form to the like effect, and every such certificate

purporting to be signed by the chairman presiding at

the meeting and to be sealed with the common seal of the board and to be countersigned by the clerk of the

board shall, unless the contrary is shown, be sufficient

evidence of the truth of all the statements contained in

the certificate, and shall, within the period of twenty-one

days from the date of the certificate, be received in

evidence accordingly by all courts of law and all'justices

and for all purposes, without proof of the signatures or

of the official characters of the persons signing it, or of the seal, and no further evidence of chargeability than

the certificate shall be required.

(2) Any minute made of proceedings at a meeting

of a board of guardians or board of management of a

school district, and copies of any orders made or resolutions passed at such a meeting, if purporting to be

signed by the chairman of the meeting at which such

proceedings took place or such orders were made or

resolutions passed, or by the chairman of the next

ensuing meeting, shall be received as evidence in all

legal proceedings; and, until the contrary is proved,

every meeting where minutes of the proceedings have

been so made shall be deemed to have been duly

convened and held, and all the proceedings thereat to

have been duly transacted.

250

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Penalties on

guardians

and officers

furnishing

goods, &c.

for relief of

poor.

Penalty for

disobedience

to orders.

Penalty for

stealing,

&c. goods.

226. —(1) It shall not be lawful for any guardian

or officer of a board of guardians or other person

concerned with the relief of the poor, in his own name

or in the name of any other person, for his own profit,

to supply any goods or materials for the use of any

workhouse or otherwise for the purpose of the relief of the poor in any place for which he acts as such guardian,

officer or otherwise, or to be concerned directly or

indirectly in supplying any such goods or materials or

in any contract relating thereto, and if any person

supplies or is concerned in supplying any such goods or

materials, or is concerned in any such contract in contravention of the provisions of this subsection, he shall

be liable to forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds

recoverable by action in the High Court to the person

suing therefor.

(2) If any person holding an office concerned with

the relief of the poor in any poor law union, for his

own profit or on his own account, supplies'~any goods

or materials ordered to be given by way of relief to any

person in the union, or for or in respect of money ordered

to be so given, he shall for each offence be liable, on

summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) This section shall extend to members and officers

of an asylum board in like manner as to guardians and

officers of boards of guardians.

227. If any officer of a board of guardians, board of

management of a school district, or asylum board, wilfully

disobeys any legal and reasonable orders given for

carrying into execution the rules, orders and regulations

made by the Minister under this Act, or the provisions of this Act, he shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a

fine not exceeding five pounds.

228. If any officer of, or other person employed

by or under the authority of, a board of guardians, board

of management of a school district or asylum board, steals,

embezzles, or wilfully wastes or misapplies any money or

goods belonging to the board, he shall, in addition to

any penalties to which he may be liable independently

of this Act, be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine

not exceeding twenty pounds, and also to pay treble the

amount or value of the money or goods.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

251

229. Any officer of a board of guardians, board Fraudulent

of management of a school district, or asylum board, who payments

wilfully authorises or makes an illegal or fraudulent officers,

payment, or unlawfully makes any entry in his accounts

for the purpose of defraying or making up to himself or

any other person the whole or any part of any sum of

money unlawfully expended by him, or disallowed or

surcharged by a district auditor, shall be liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds,

and also to pay treble the amount of such payment

or of the sum so entered in his accounts.

230. —(1) If any officer of a board of guardians Penalty on

with the intent to cause any person to become chargeable officers unto any poor law union to which that person was not lawfully

then chargeable— procuring

e removals.

(a) conveys that person out of the poor law union

for or within which the officer acts, or causes or

procures any such person to be so conveyed; or

(b) gives directly or indirectly any money, relief or

assistance, or affords or procures to be afforded

any facility, for such conveyance; or

(c) makes any offer or promise or uses any threat

to induce any such person to depart from the

poor law union;

and in consequence of such conveyance or departure any

person becomes chargeable to a poor law union to which

he was not then chargeable, the officer shall be liable,

on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding five

pounds.

(2) Proceedings under this section may be taken

before a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction

either within the poor law union from which, or within

the poor law union to which, the person was conveyed

or departed.

231. — (1) If any person—

(a) knowingly takes in pawn, buys, exchanges or Penalty for

receives any goods provided for the use of, or various

for the purpose of being worked up by, the oSences

poor in any workhouse, or given to any poor rela in S to

persons, or any goods or furniture of a work- s °°

house; or

252

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Penalties

for absconding, &c.

6 Geo. 4.

c. 83.

(6) causes any mark marked, stamped or branded

in accordance with this Act or any enactment

repealed by this Act on any goods belonging

to a board of guardians to be obliterated or

defaced;

he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and for the

purpose of this subsection the court may consist of a

single justice, but in such case the fine imposed shall not

exceed twenty shillings.

(2) If any person deserts or runs away from a work-

house or asylum and carries away with him any such

goods as aforesaid, he shall on summary conviction be

liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three

months.

232. — (1) If any poor person in receipt of relief—

(a) absconds or escapes from or leaves any casual

ward before he is entitled to discharge himself

therefrom; or

(b) refuses to be removed from a casual ward to

any workhouse or asylum under the provisions of this Act; or

(c) absconds or escapes from or leaves any work-

house or asylum during the period for which

he may be detained therein; or

(d) refuses or neglects, whilst an inmate of any

casual ward, workhouse or asylum, to do the

work or observe the regulations prescribed; or

(e) wilfully destroys or injures his own clothes or

damages any of the property of the board of

guardians or asylum board;

he shall be deemed an idle and disorderly person within

the meaning of section three of the Vagrancy Act,

1824.

(2) If any poor person in receipt of relief commits

any of the offences before mentioned after having been

previously convicted as an idle and disorderly person,

he shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the

meaning of section four of the Vagrancy Act, 1824.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

253

(3) Any officer of a workhouse or asylum, or any

constable, may without warrant apprehend any such

person who has absconded or escaped from or left the

workhouse or asylum, and take him before a justice of the peace, and upon the order of the justice take him

back to the workhouse or asylum.

(4) Where any casual poor person is taken before a

justice of the peace and charged with any offence under

this section, the justice may, if he thinks fit, grant a

certificate to the person who has preferred the charge

for the amount of the expenses incurred by him in

relation thereto, and such certificate shall have the same

effect, and the amount mentioned therein shall be paid

and recovered in like manner, as in the case of a certificate granted by a court of summary jurisdiction under

section twenty-eight of the Summary Jurisdiction Act,

1879.

233. —(1) If any inmate of a workhouse or asylum

is guilty of drunkenness or other misbehaviour, he shall,

on summary conviction, be liable to be imprisoned in the

case of a first offence for a term not exceeding twenty-

one days, and in the case of a second or subsequent

offence for a term not exceeding forty-two days.

(2) A court of summary jurisdiction for the purposes

of this section may consist of a single justice, but

in such case the penalty imposed shall not exceed

imprisonment for a term of fourteen days.

234. If any person shall be convicted of any assault

upon an officer appointed under this Act in the execution

of his duty, or upon any person acting in aid of such

officer, he shall be liable, on conviction on indictment,

to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years.

235. The master or porter of a workhouse, or

the officer having charge of a casual ward, may

arrest without warrant any inmate of the workhouse

or ward charged with any offence therein punishable on

summary conviction, and take him before a justice

having jurisdiction in the place where the workhouse or

ward is situated, and shall for the purposes of this section

have all the powers and authority of a constable.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 49.

Penalties

on mis-

behaviour.

Assaults on

officers.

Power to

arrest inmates.

254

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power of

guardians,

&c. to

pay costs

of certain

proceedings.

236.—(1) A board of guardians or a board of

management of a school district or an asylum board

may pay the reasonable costs of the apprehension and

prosecution of any person who is charged—

(a) with refusing or neglecting to maintain himself

or his family, or with running away and leaving

his family chargeable, or whereby his family

has become chargeable; or

(b) with wilfully neglecting or disobeying the rules,

orders and regulations of the Minister; or

(c) with any offence or misbehaviour in a work-

house or asylum; or

(d) with absconding or escaping from or leaving a

workhouse or asylum; or

(e) with refusing or wilfully neglecting to perform

a prescribed task of work; or

(f) with neglect or disobedience of the reasonable

and lawful orders given for the purposes of the

administration of the law s relating to the relief

of the poor; or

(g) with obstructing or assaulting any officer engaged

in the administration of the laws for the relief

of the poor; or

(h) wfth fraudulently obtaining, stealing, embezzling,

wasting, injuring, or wilfully misapplying any

property applicable to or connected with the

relief of the poor; or

(t) with any offence directly affecting the administration of the law r s for the relief of the poor,

and the reasonable costs of apprehending and prosecuting any officer who may have been employed in the

administration of the laws for the relief of the poor for

any neglect or breach of any duty of his office, or for

any maltreatment or abuse of any person.

(2) Subject to the approval of the Minister, every

such board shall pay the costs (so far as not recovered

from any other source) of all legal proceedings taken by

any person whom the board have authorised or directed

to institute legal proceedings, and, in the case of a board

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

255

of management of a school district or an asylum board,

may, having regard to the circumstances of the case and

subject to the approval of the Minister, charge such

expenses either to the common fund of the district or

on any one or more of the poor law unions comprised

therein.

237. Where a poor law union extends into several

distinct jurisdictions, every matter, act, charge or

complaint by which the board of guardians thereof are

affected, or in which they have any interest, shall for the

purpose of jurisdiction be deemed to arise or exist equally

throughout the union.

Unions under Local Acts .

238.—(1) This Act shall apply to any poor law

union constituted under any local Act and the board of

guardians thereof, subject to the following provisions:

(a) Where the board are elected for districts

(whether called by that name or not) the

provisions of Part I. of this Act with respect

to the election of guardians shall apply as if

each of the districts were a parish:

Provided that nothing in Part I. of this Act

shall alter the constitution of the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the City of

Oxford, or shall extend to the election or

qualification of members thereof, except such of

those members as are elected by local government

electors:

(b) The board of guardians of every such union

shall hold a meeting at least once in every

fortnight, and in all matters concerning the

relief of the poor shall act as a board at a

meeting, and not individually:

(c) The chairman of the board of guardians shall

not ex officio be a member of the board of

management of any school district in which

the poor law union may be comprised:

(d) No rules, orders or regulations shall be made

under the local Act until they have been

Jurisdiction

of justices

in unions.

Application

of Act to

local Act

unions.

256

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to

amend local

Acts by

provisional

order.

submitted to and approved and confirmed by

the Minister, and the Minister shall have power

to alter or rescind any rules, orders or regulations

made under a local Act:

(e) Where the relief of the poor was before the

ninth day of August, eighteen hundred and

forty-four, administered in any parish not within

London by a board of guardians, and the

parish according to the last census for the

time being contains a population of more than

twenty thousand, it shall not be lawful for the Minister without the consent in writing of

two-thirds at least of the guardians to declare

the parish to be united with any other parish

for the purposes of the administration of the

relief of the poor.

(2) Subject as aforesaid, this Act shall apply to

every poor law union constituted under a local Act and

the board of guardians thereof in like manner as to other

poor law unions and boards of guardians; and in

particular, the provisions of this Act as to the payment

of expenses of boards of guardians and the raising of

money necessary for that purpose shall apply to every

such board.

239.—(1) The Minister may, on such application as

is hereinafter mentioned, after holding an inquiry, by

order repeal in whole or in part or alter any local Act

relating to the relief of the poor:

Provided that the order shall be provisional only,

and shall have no effect unless and until confirmed by

Parliament, and the Minister shall take all necessary

steps for obtaining confirmation by Parliament of the

order.

(2) An application for the purposes of this section

shall be—

(a) an application, made by the board of guardians

to whom the local Act relates, which has been

agreed to by a majority at two successive

meetings of the guardians, signed by the chairman of the second of those meetings, and

forwarded by him to the Minister; or

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

or. 7

(b) an application by any managers, commissioners

or other persons having powers and duties under

the local Act.

General.

240. Where the consent of a majority of the Mode of

guardians of a poor law union or of the managers giving con-

of a school district is required, it shall be deemed a 8ents -

sufficient compliance with the requirement if a resolution giving consent is passed at a meeting of the

board of guardians or board of management, of which

meeting, and of the business to be transacted thereat,

not less than fourteen days’ notice has been given to

each guardian or manager.

241. —(1) Any contract entered into by or on invalidity

behalf of any board of guardians, being a contract of contracts

relating to the relief of the poor, or for any other purpose not con -

relating to or connected with the general management of j ab f 6 to

the poor, which is not made and entered into in con- jj n i 8 t er

formity with the rules, orders or regulations made by

the Minister in force at the time the contract was entered

into, or otherwise sanctioned by the Minister, shall be

voidable, or, if the Minister so declares, shall be void.

(2) All payments made in pursuance of any contract

after the Minister has declared the contract to be void,

shall be disallowed in the accounts of the board of

guardians or officer by whom the payments have been

made.

242. No mortgage, bond, instrument or any assign- Exemption

ment thereof, given by way of security in pursuance of bom stamp

the rules, orders or regulations made by the Minister, duty,

and conformable thereto, nor any contract or agreement

made or entered into in pursuance of such rules, orders

or regulations, and conformable thereto, nor any other

instrument made in pursuance of this Act, shall be

charged or chargeable with any stamp duty.

243. Nothing in this Act shall affect the operation saving for

of the Local Government (Emergency Provisions) Act, certain f’m -

1916, or of the Local Authorities (Financial Provisions) e'&Tin ut'Ts.

Act, 1921, or the Acts amending and extending that Act; r

and those Acts, so long as they continue in force, shall c . 07. " °°' ' J '

have effect as if for references therein to any enactment

repealed by this Act there were substituted a reference

to the corresponding provision of this Act.

R

258

Interpretation.

13 Geo. 3.

c. 82.

16 & 17 Geo.

5 . c. 32.

Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

244.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires—

the expression "burial ground " includes a churchyard and any public burial ground or cemetery;

the expression "casual poor person" means any

destitute wayfarer or wanderer applying for or

receiving relief;

the expression "casual ward" means any ward,

building or premises set apart or provided

for the reception and relief of casual poor

persons;

the expression "certified school" means a school

certified under this Act or any Act repealed by

this Act;

the expression "county " includes a county borough,

and the expression "county council " includes

a county borough council;

the expression "general rate " in relation to a

borough or urban district includes, until a

general rate is levied in the borough or district,

the poor rate or other rate with which the

poor rate has been consolidated;

the expression "institution for lunatics " has the

same meaning as in the Lunacy Acts, 1890 to

1922, that is to say, an asylum, hospital or

licensed house under those Acts;

the expression "licensed minister " or " minister "

means and includes every person in holy orders,

and every person teaching or preaching in any

congregation for religious worship whose place

of meeting is certified and recorded according

to law;

the expression "London" means the administrative

county of London;

the expression "local Act " includes a personal Act

and any provisional order confirmed by an

Act and the Act confimr'ng the order;

the expression "lying-in hospital" means a hospital,

house or place which was licensed in accordance

with the provisions of the Lying-in Hospitals

Act, 1773, or which would but for the provisions

of the Midwives and Maternity Homes Act,

1926, have been required to be so licensed;

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

259

the expression "net annual value " in relation to

London, and elsewhere until the first new valuation list under the Rating and Valuation Act,

1925, comes into force, means rateable value;

the expression "officer " includes any clergyman,

schoolmaster, duly qualified medical practitioner, treasurer, master or matron of a

workhouse, or any other person who shall be

employed in any poor law union in carrying

this Act into execution;

the expression "poor person " includes any poor or

indigent person applying for or receiving relief;

the expression "United Kingdom" means Great

Britain and Northern Ireland;

the expression "workhouse " includes any house in

which poor persons are lodged and maintained,

or any house or building purchased, erected,

hired or used by a board of guardians for the

reception, employment, classification or relief of

poor persons.

(2) References in this Act to rules, orders and

regulations made by the Minister include references to

rules, orders and regulations made by the Local Government Board and the predecessors of that Board.

245.—(1) Theenactments mentioned in the Eleventh Repeals.

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that schedule:

Provided that—

(a) nothing in this repeal shall affect any appointment, appeal, agreement, resolution, certificate, scale, rule, order, or regulation made,

notice or relief given, or proceedings taken

or instrument issued under any enactment

hereby repealed, but any such appointment,

appeal, agreement, resolution, certificate,

scale, rule, order or regulation, notice, relief,

proceedings or instrument shall have effect as

if made, given, taken or issued under the

corresponding provision of this Act and may

he amended, varied, repealed, revoked, or

enforced accordingly;

(i b)any document referring to any Act or enactment so repealed shall be construed as

2G0

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

5 Geo. 1.

c. 8.

4 & 5 Will.

4. c. 76.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 63.

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

referring to this Act or the corresponding

enactment in this Act;

(c) nothing in this repeal shall affect any election

of a guardian or appointment of any officer

made under or by virtue of any enactment

so repealed, but any such guardian or officer

shall continue in office and shall be deemed

to have been elected or appointed under this Act.

(d) nothing in this repeal shall affect the powers

of boards of guardians under the Poor Relief

(Deserted Wives and Children) Act, 1718, if

and so far as the powers of overseers under

that Act were by the Poor Law Amendment

Act, 1834, made exercisable by boards of

guardians.

(2) Where by virtue of section twenty-six of the

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834, any workhouse belonging

to a parish has become a workhouse for the common use

of the poor law union in which the parish is comprised,

and by virtue of any order made in respect thereof any

compensation, whether by way of rent or otherwise, is

at the commencement of this Act payable to the parish,

the compensation shall continue payable but shall be

liable to variation by order of the Minister notwithstanding

any such repeal as aforesaid.

(3) Any workhouse or other establishment provided

under any enactment repealed by this Act shall for the

purposes of this Act be treated as a workhouse or

establishment provided under this Act.

(4) The mention of particular matters in this section

shall not be held to prejudice or affect the general

application of section thirty-eight of the Interpretation

Act, 1889, with regard to the effect of repeals.

246. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Poor Law

Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

261

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rules as to Meetings and Proceedings oe Boards

op Guardians.

1. Every board of guardians shall from time to time make

regulations with respect to the summoning, notice, place, management and adjournment of their meetings, and generally with

respect to the transaction and management of their business

under this Act.

2. No business shall be transacted at any such meeting

unless at least one-third of the full number of members be

present thereat:

Provided that in no case shall a larger quorum than seven

members be required.

3. The chairman shall preside at all meetings at which he

is present.

4. If the chairman and the vice-chairman (if any) are absent

from any meeting at the time appointed for holding the same,

the members present shall appoint one of their number to act

as chairman thereat.

6. The names of the members present, as well as those

voting on each question, shall be recorded, so as to show whether

each vote given was for or against the question.

6. Every question at a meeting shall be decided by a

majority of votes of the members present and voting on that

question.

7. In case of an equal division of votes the chairman shall

have a second or casting vote.

8. The proceedings of a board of guardians shall not be

invalidated by any vacancy or vacancies among their members,

or by any defect in the election of such board, or in the election

or selection or qualification of any members thereof.

Section 18.

262

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

1st Sch. 9. The annual meeting of a board of guardians shall be

— cont. held as soon as may be convenient after the fourteenth of April

in each year;

Sections 21 SECOND SCHEDULE,

and 167. -

Provisions applicable to Boards oe Management

of School Districts and to Asylum Boards.

1. Any question as to the right of a person to act as a

manager may be determined by order of the Minister.

2. If any candidate tenders to the presiding chairman at

a meeting of the board of guardians for the election of managers,

his refusal in writing to serve as a manager, the election as

regards that person shall not be proceeded with.

3. If at an election by a board of guardians no manager is

elected, the managers elected by that board at the previous

election may continue to act.

4. The Minister may accept the resignation of any manager

for any cause which the Minister may deem reasonable.

5. In the event of an omission to elect or a casual vacancy

occurring by death, resignation or disqualification, the Minister

may order a new election,

6. The proceedings of a board shall not be invalidated by

any vacancy or vacancies among the managers, or by any defect

in the election of the board, or in the election or qualification of

any of the managers.

Section 26. THIRD SCHEDULE.

6i & 52 Vict. Section 62 of the Local Government Act, 1888,

c - 41 as Modified.

62.—(1) Any boards of guardians or other authorities

affected by any alteration of areas or authorities under this Act

may from time to time make agreements for the purpose of

adjusting any property, income, debts, liabilities, and expenses (so

far as affected by the alteration) of the parties to the agreement,

and the agreement may provide for the transfer or retention of

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927

Ch. 14.

2C3

any property, debts, and liabilities, with or without any conditions, and for the joint use of any property, and for the transfer

of any duties, and for payment by either party to the agreement

in respect of property, debts, duties, and liabilities so transferred

or retained, or of such joint user, and in respect of the salary,

remuneration or compensation payable to any officer or person,

and that either by way of a capital sum, or of a terminable

annuity for a period not exceeding that allowed by the Minister.

Where any board of guardians or the board of management

of a school district or an asylum board are interested, any agreement for the joint use of any property shall be subject to the

approval of the Minister.

(2) In default of an agreement as to any matter requiring

adjustment, such adjustment may be made or determined by an

arbitrator appointed by the parties, or in case of difference as to

the appointment, appointed by the Minister.

(3) An arbitrator appointed under this Act shall be deemed

to be an arbitrator within the meaning of the Lands Clauses

Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same, and

the provisions of those Acts with respect to an arbitration shall

apply accordingly; and, further, the arbitrator may state a

special case, and notwithstanding anything in the said Acts,

shall determine the amount of the costs, and shall have power

to disallow as costs in the arbitration the costs of any witness

whom he considers to have been called unnecessarily, and any

other costs which he considers to have been incurred unnecessarily.

(4) Any award or order made by any arbitrator under this Act may provide for any matter for which an agreement might

have provided.

(5) Any sum required to be paid for the purpose of adjustment, or of any award or order made by an arbitrator under this Act, may be paid out of any fund which in pursuance of this Act would be or might be available for defraying the like expenditure or out of such other special fund as the board of guardians

or other authority, with the approval of the Minister, may direct.

(6) Where any board of guardians or the board of management of a school district or an asylum board are interested, the

payment of any capital sum by the board shall be a purpose for

which they may borrow under this Act, and any such sum may

be borrowed without the consent of any authority, so that it be

repaid within such period as the Minister sanctions.

(7) Any capital sum paid to any such board or other

authority for the purpose of any adjustment, or in pursuance

of any order or award of an arbitrator under this Act, shall be

treated as capital, and applied, with the sanction of the Minister,

either in the repayment of debt or for any other purpose for

which capital money may be applied.

3rd Soh.

— cant.

8 & 9 Vict.

i. 18.

2(54

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

3rd Sen. (8) If it is necessary for the purpose of giving effect to any

— coni. agreement or award for an adjustment under this Act that a

separate rate should be levied in part only of a rating area or

parish, the agreement or award may authorise the levying of

a special rate or an additional item of the general rate over

the part of the rating area or parish.

(9) Any hoards of guardians or other authorities shall have

power to dispose of any property in the manner provided for by

any agreement or award under this Act, without any authority

or direction from the Minister, except as expressly provided in

this section.

(10) For the purpose of giving effect to any adjustment,

the Minister may alter any certificate given by him under the

51 & 52 Vict. Local Government Act, 1888, as respects the sums payable by

c ‘ 41 county or county borough councils to boards of guardians.

Section 26. FOURTH SCHEDULE.

PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ON THE DISSOLUTION OE A

Board of Guardians or Board of Management.

1. —(1) Where at the dissolution of the board any stock is

standing in the books of any company in the name of the

dissolved board, then, upon the request of the successors of the

board and the production of a statutory declaration verifying

the stock and the identity of the persons making the request,

together with a certificate by the Minister verifying the

succession, the company shall enter the stock, as occasion requires,

in the names of the persons specified in that behalf in the

statutory declaration in like manner as if the stock had been

transferred to them, and pay to those persons all dividends

accrued and to accrue due thereon, and shall do all things

necessary for effecting the purposes of this paragraph.

(2) The statutory declaration required for the purposes of this paragraph may be made by the person specified in that

behalf in the certificate of the Minister.

2. The successors of the board may make and enforce

all necessary contribution orders and precepts in like manner

as the board could have done previous to the dissolution.

3. —(1) If at the expiration of the time when the successors

of the board can act there remains unpaid any instalment of a

1027,

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

265

loan contracted under the provisions of any Act by the dissolved board with respect to which no adjustment has been made

under this Act, every such instalment, and all interest on the

loan, shall be charged against the same parishes and in the

same proportions as they would have been had no dissolution

taken effect; and the amount so charged on any parish shall,

as and when it becomes due, be paid by the board of guardians

of the poor law union or the board of management of the school

or asylum district in which the parish is included.

(2) The parties to whom any such instalment or interest

may be due shall have in all respects the same remedies for

the recovery thereof against a board by whom the same is so

payable as they had against the board who originally contracted the loan in respect of which the instalment or interest

is payable.

4. The successors of the board may retain the services

of such of their officers as they consider requisite to enable

them to complete the liquidation and discharge of the debts

and liabilities, or may appoint others to assist them, at such

remuneration and for such period as the Minister may approve.

5. All legal proceedings commenced by or against a board

of management or board of guardians prior to the dissolution

of the board, may be continued by or against the successors

of the board in the name of the board of management or board

of guardians as the case may be, and any costs incurred by or

adjudged against such successors, and not otherwise recoverable,

shall be chargeable to the same fund as if the proceedings had

been determined before the dissolution.

6. The accounts of the successors of the board and of

their officers shall be audited in like manner for the like

purposes and with the like effect as if the dissolution had not

taken place.

7. The Minister may revoke, extend, or alter any order

relating to the continuance in office of the successors of the

board concerned, and may by a general or a particular order

make such provision as he thinks expedient for the regulation

of the proceedings of any persons so continued in office and for

the authentication of any documents on their behalf by the

signatures of any two or more of them, and as to the method

in which any such persons may transfer any property vested in

them, and otherwise for giving effect to the purposes of this Act, and any such order shall have effect as if enacted in this Act.

4th Sch.

— cont.

Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

8. For the purposes of this Schedule—

The expression "company " includes the Bank of England,

and any company or person keeping books in which

stock is registered;

The expression "stock " includes any share, annuity, or

other security.

Section 94. FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Apprentices.

1. If the master dies during the term of the apprenticeship,

the covenant inserted in the indenture of apprenticeship for

the maintenance of the apprentice shall continue in force for

three months after the death of the master and no longer, and

during those three months the apprentice shall continue to live

with and serve as an apprentice of the personal representatives

of the master, or such other person as those personal representatives may appoint; and a provision to that effect shall be

inserted in every indenture of apprenticeship, and if not inserted,

the indenture shall have effect as if such provision were so

inserted.

2. Within three months after the death of the master,

a court of summary jurisdiction having jurisdiction in the place

where the master died may, on the application of the surviving

spouse, son, daughter, brother or sister of the master, or of

his personal representatives, by endorsement on the indenture

of apprenticeship, or by any other instrument in writing,

order that the apprentice shall serve for the residue of the

term of the apprenticeship as an apprentice of the person making

the application:

Provided that that person lived with and formed part of the

family of the master at the time of his death.

The person obtaining such an order shall declare his

acceptance of the apprentice by subscribing his name to

the order, and from the making of the order the personal

representatives and the estate of the master so dying shall be

released and discharged from any covenant contained in the

indenture and on the part of the master to be performed, and

the person obtaining the order shall be the master of the

apprentice, subject to the provisions of the indenture and this

Schedule, in like manner as the original master.

3. The foregoing provisions of this Schedule with respect

to the death of the original master shall apply in the case of the death of any subsequent master during the continuance of the term of apprenticeship.

266

4th Soh.

— eoni.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

267

4. If no such application as aforesaid is made within

the said three months after the death of the master, or

if the court to whom any such application as aforesaid

is made do not t hink fit that the apprenticeship should be

continued, the apprenticeship and the covenants contained

in the indenture of apprenticeship shall terminate in like

manner as they would have done at the expiration of the term

of apprenticeship.

5. The foregoing provisions of this Schedule apply only

where the apprentice was living with and as part of the family

or in the actual employment of the original or any substituted

master at the time of the death of such master.

6. Subject to the consent of two justices being obtained as

required by this Act, the master may by endorsement on the

indenture of apprenticeship, or by other instrument in writing,

assign the apprentice to any person who is willing to take him

for the residue of the term of apprenticeship, and the person to

whom the apprentice is to be assigned shall at the same time, by

endorsement on the counterpart of the indenture or by writing

under his hand referring to the indenture of apprenticeship and

the endorsement and consent aforesaid, declare his acceptance

of the apprentice, and acknowledge himself to be bound by the

covenants in the indenture on the part of the master to be

performed.

6th Soh.

— cont.

268

Ch. 14

Poor Law Act, 1927

17 & 18 Geo. 5,

Sections 98

and 99.

p

p

p

p

p

w

o

cc

H

X

t—I

a j

cn

fa

O

H

fa

fa

fa

<3

fa

O

P3

fa

H

CO

l-l

O

W

P

fa

o

t

o

p

Apprentice

or

Assignment

Fee.

Term of

the

Apprenticeship or

Assignment.

His or

her

Residence.

His or

her

Trade.

Name of

Persons to

whom bound

or assigned,

as the case

may be.

% £

£ 9

fas

Age.

<D

03

Name of

Apprentice.

Date of

Indenture.

6 c

3

fa J

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

209

Form of Register of Servants.

Name of

Child.

Age.

Date of

hiring

or taking as

servant.

Name of

Master

or Mistress.

Trade

or other

description

of Master

or Mistress.

Residence

of Master

or Mistress.

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Form of Mortgage.

This mortgage made the day of

in the year one thousand nine hundred and

witnesseth that in consideration of the sum of

lent to the guardians of the poor of the

union [or parish] in the county of [or to the

board of management of the district]

under the provisions of the [here state the Act authorising

the loan ], and in pursuance of and upon the authority of an

order of the Minister of Health, bearing date the

day of by [here set out the name and description of the lender ], the receipt of which sum is testified by the

memorandum at the foot hereof, signed by our treasurer, we,

the said board do hereby charge the common fund of the said

union [or the fund out of which our expenses are payable], [or

we, the said board of management, do charge the common fund

of the district] with the repayment of the said sum of

* by [here insert the number of yearly or half-yearly instalments of

principal by which the loan is to be repaid ] instalments to be

paid on [here insert the day or days on which the instalments

6th Sch.

—cord.

Section 144.

270

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

7th Sch.

—c ont.

are payable ] the first instalment to be paid on the

day of together with interest at the rate of

pounds per cent, per annum payable on the

day [or days] aforesaid in every year upon the principal for the

time being unpaid according to the terms of this mortgage. *

Provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent the

said from receiving the repayment of the

whole or part of the aforesaid sum at any time before the day

of payment of the last instalment if willing to do so. '

In testimony whereof we, the board aforesaid, have hereunto

affixed our common seal.

(l.s.) (l.s.) (l.s.)

Received this day of the above-

mentioned sum of from the said

A.B.

Treasurer of the

union, [or of the parish of ],

[or of the said district board].

Note 1.—If the loan is repayable by equal instalments of

principal and interest combined, substitute for the passage

between the asterisks the following :—•

by [here insert the number of yearly or half-yearly instalments

of principal and interest by which the loan is to be repaid] instalments of the sum of pounds in respect of

principal and interest of the sum so borrowed to be paid on the

[here insert the day or days on which the instalments are payable],

the first instalment to be paid on the

day of

If the loan is repayable by means of a sinking fund,

substitute for the passage between the asterisks the following :—

on [here insert the date on which the loan is

to be repaid], together with interest at the rate of

pounds per cent, per annum payable on

[here insert days on which interest is payable] in each year until

the said loan is repaid.

Note 2. — The Poor Law Act, 1927, limits the time within

which debts may be paid by a board of guardians or the

board of management of a school district and provides that where

money is borrowed by any such board and is repayable by instalments, each instalment shall be paid not later than twelve

months after the date when it falls due but not afterwards, unless

the Minister of Health allows an extension of the time for the

payment not exceeding six months. The Act also provides

that the interest shall be payable within the like times as the

principal.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14.

271

EIGHTH SCHEDULE.

Forms op Certificates.

1. Against an Accounting Officer.

I do hereby certify, that in the account of A.B., the [seZ out

the name of the office ] of the union [or of the parish of ], I have disallowed [or surcharged]

the sum of

As witness my hand, this day of

19

M.N., Auditor of the district, which comprises

the above-named union or parish.

2. Against a person not an Accounting Officer.

1 do hereby certify, that in the accounts of the

union [or of the parish of ] I have disallowed

the sum of £ as a payment illegally made out

of the funds of such union [or parish], and I find that C.D., of

authorised the making of such illegal payment,

and 1 do hereby surcharge the said C.D. with the same.

As witness my hand this day of

19

M.N., Auditor of the district, which comprises

the above-named union or parish.

NINTH SCHEDULE.

Precept for a Contribution from an Inn of Court.

To the masters of the bench of

You are hereby required to pay to ,

of, the treasurer of the board of guardians

of the union, on behalf of such

board, on the day of, the

sum of pounds shillings and

pence, as the contribution of the above-named Inn of Court,

such amount having been duly calculated according to the

provisions of the Poor Law Act, 1927, and to take the receipt

Section 152.

Section 207.

272 Ch. 14. Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9th Sch. of the said treasurer indorsed upon this paper for the said sum

— cont. of

Given under our hands at a meeting of the board of guardians

of the said union held on the day of

(Signed) X. Y., Presiding Chairman.

Countersignature of the Clerk U.V. ^Guardians,

to the Board.

Indorsement.

Received this day of 19

of the within-named masters of the bench the sum of

on behalf of the within-named board of guardians.

Treasurer of the

Union.

Section 225. TENTH SCHEDULE.

Form of Certificate of Chargeability.

The Board of Guardians of Union [or Parish]

[or the board of management of the district] hereby

certify that on the day of 19 ,

A.B. [and his wife C.B.] [and his child D.B.] became chargeable to the said Union [or Parish] [or district].

In testimony whereof the common seal of the said Board

was hereunto affixed at a meeting of the Board this

day of, 19

(l.s.) (Signed) W.J., Presiding Chairman.

(Countersigned) C.D. [Acting] Clerk.

1927

Poor Law Act, 1927

Ch. 14.

273

ELEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of

Repeal.

43 Eliz. c. 2 -

The Poor Relief Act, 1601

Section one, except

so far as it relates

to the raising of

rates.

Sections three, four,

six and seventeen.

14 Car. 2, c.12

The Poor Relief Act, 1662

The whole Act,

except sections

twenty-one,

twenty-two and

twenty-four.

3 Will, and

The Poor Relief Act, 1691

The whole Act.

Mary, c. 11.

8 & 9 Will. 3,

c. 30.

An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this King-

dome.

The whole Act.

9 Geo. 1, c. 7

The Poor Relief Act, 1722

The whole Act except section three.

31 Geo. 2,

c. 11.

The Apprentices (Settlement)

Act, 1757.

The whole Act.

9 Geo. 3, c. 37

The Poor Relief Act, 1769

The whole Act.

13 Geo. 3,

The Lying-in. Hospitals Act,

The whole Act ex-

c. 82.

1773.

cept sections three,

ten and eleven.

18 Geo. 3,

c. 47.

The Parish Apprentices Act,

1778.

The whole Act.

30 Geo. 3,

The Workhouses Act, 1790

The whole Act.

c. 49.

32 Geo. 3,

c. 57.

The Parish Apprentices Act,

1792.

The whole Act.

35 Geo. 3,

The Poor Removal Act, 1795 -

The whole Act.

c. 101.

36 Geo. 3, c. 10

The Poor Relief Act, 1795

The whole Act.

42 Geo. 3,

o. 46.

The Parish Apprentices Act,

1802.

The whole Act.

49 Geo. 3,

c. 124.

The Poor (Settlement and Removal) Act, 1809.

The whole Act.

50 Geo. 3,

The Poor Rate Act, 1810 -

The whole Act.

o. 49.

s

Section 245.

274

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5

11th Sen.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of

Repeal.

54 Geo. 3,

c. 170.

The Poor Relief Act, 1814

The whole Act,

except sections

eleven and twelve.

55 Geo. 3,

The Poor Relief Act, 1815

The whole Act.

c. 137.

56 Geo. 3,

The Workhouse Act, 1816

The whole Act.

c. 129.

56 Geo. 3,

c. 139.

The Parish Apprentices Act,

1816.

The whole Act.

59 Geo'. 3,

c. 12.

The Poor Relief Act, 1819

Sections eleven to

thirteen, twenty-

four, twenty-five

and twenty-eight.

5 Geo. 4, c. 83

The Vagrancy Act, 1824 -

Section twenty.

6 Geo. 4, c. 57

The Poor Relief (Settlement)

Act, 1825.

The whole Act.

1 Will.4, c. 18

The Poor Relief (Settlement)

Act, 1831.

The whole Act.

1 & 2 WU1. 4,

The Poor Relief Act, 1831

The whole Act.

c. 42.

1 & 2 Will. 4,

c. 59.

The Crown Lands Allotments

Act, 1831.

The whole Act.

3 & 4 Will. 4,

The Apprentices Act, 1833 - |

The whole Act.

c. 63.

4 & 5 Will. 4,

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act, ex-

c. 76.

1834.

cept sections forty,

eighty-five, eighty-

six and one hundred and nine.

5 &^6 Will. 4,

The Union and Parish Property

The whole Act, ex-

c. 69.

Act, 1835.

cept section three

so far as it relates

to the disposal of

parish property,

and section nine.

7 Will. 4 and

1 Vict. c. 50.

The Union and Parish Property

Act, 1837.

The whole Act.

1 & 2 Vict,

c. 25.

The Poor Relief (Loans) Act,

1838.

The whole Act.

5 & 6 Vict,

c. 7.

The Parish Apprentices Act,

1842.

The whole Act.

5 & 6 Vict.

The Parish Property and Parish

The whole Act, ex-

c. 18.

Debts Act, 1842.

cept sections two,

three and nine.

5 & 6 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act, except

c. 67.

1842.

section eighteen.

1927

Poor Law Act, 1927

Ch. 14,

275

Session and

Chapter-

[Short Title.]

Extent of

Repeal.

7 & 8 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act, ex-

c. 101.

i

1844.

cept sections four,

five, six, seven,

eight, fourteen,

fifteen, sixteen,

twenty-two, sixty,

sixty-one, sixty-

two, sixty-three,

seventy-four and

seventy-five, and

except section

fifty-six so far as

it relates to the

registration of

births and deaths.

9 & 10 Vict.

The Poor Removal Act, 1846 -

The whole Act.

c. 66.

10 & 11 Vict.

The Poor Law Board Act, 1847

The whole Act.

e. 109.

11 & 12 Vict,

c. 31.

The Poor Law Procedure Act,

1848.

The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict,

c. 82.

The Poor Law (Schools) Act,

1848.

The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict,

c. 91.

The Poor Law Audit Act, 1848

The whole Act, except sections one,

two, six, eleven

and thirteen.

11 & 12 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act,

c. 110.

1848.

except sections

seven and twelve.

11 & 12 Vict.

The Poor Removal Act, 1848 -

The whole Act.

c. 111.

12 & 13 Vict.

The Poor Relief Act, 1849

The whole Act.

c. 13.

12 & 13 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act, ex-

e. 103.

1849.

cept sections three,

six, fifteen,

twenty-one and

twenty-two.

13 & 14 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act, ex-

c. 101.

1850.

cept sections six,

seven, eleven and

twelve.

14 & 15 Vict,

c. 11.

The Poor Law (Apprentices)

Act, 1851.

The. whole Act.

14 & 15 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act, ex-

c. 105.

1851.

cept sections nine,

nineteen and

twenty.

276

Ch. 14.

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5,

11th Sch

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extant of

Repeal.

18 & 19 Vict.

The Poor (Burials) Act, 1855

The whole Act.

c. 79.

22 & 23 Vict.

The Poor Law (Payment of

The whole Act.

c. 49.

Debts) Act, 1859.

24 & 25 Vict.

The Poor Removal Act, 1861 -

The whole Act.

c. 55.

25 & 26 Vict.

The Poor Law (Certified Schools)

The whole Act.

c. 43.

Act, 1862.

27 & 28 Vict.

The Poor Removal Act, 1864 -

The whole Act.

c. 105.

27 & 28 Vict.

The Metropolitan Houseless

The whole Act.

c. 116.

Poor Act, 1864.

28 & 29 Vict.

The Metropolitan Houseless

The whole Act.

c. 34.

Poor Act, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict.

The Union Chargeability Act,

The whole Act.

c. 79.

1865.

29 & 30 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act,

c. 113.

1866.

except sections

30 & 31 Vict.

The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867

ten, eleven,

twelve, thirteen

and eighteen.

The whole Act, ex-

c. 6.

cept so much of

30 & 31 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

section twenty-

four as relates to

the registration of

births and deaths.

The whole Act,

c. 106.

1867.

except sections

31 & 32 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

seven, eight, ten,

eleven, twenty-

three and twenty-

eight to thirty.

The whole Act, ex-

c. 122.

1868.

cept sections five.

32 & 33 Vict.

The Union Loans Act, 1869

twenty-seven to

thirty-two, thirty-

eight to forty,

forty-five and

forty-six.

The whole Act.

c. 45.

32 & 33 Vict.

The Metropolitan Poor Amend-

The whole Act, ex-

c. 63.

ment Act, 1869.

cept sections eight,

33 & 34 Vict.

1

The Dissolved Boards of Man-

twenty-four and

twenty-five.

The whole Act.

c. 2.

agement and Guardians Act,

33 & 34 Vict.

1870.

The Metropolitan Poor Amend-

The whole Act.

c. 18.

ment Act, 1870.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927.

Ch. 14

277

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of

Repeal.

33 & 34 Vict.

The Pauper Conveyance (Ex-

The whole Act.

c. 48.

penses) Act, 1870.

34 & 35 Vict.

The Poor Law Loans Act, 1871

The whole Act.

c. 11.

34 & 35 Vict.

The Metropolitan Poor Act,

The whole Act.

c. 15.

1871.

34 & 35 Vict.

The Pauper Inmates Discharge

The whole Act.

c. 108.

and Regulation Act, 1871.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 2.

38 & 39 Vict.

The Poor Law Loans Act, 1872

The whole Act.

The Public Health Act, 1875

So much of Part III.

c. 55.

of the Fifth Schedule as re-enacts

35 & 36 Vict. c. 79.

s. 48.

39 & 40 Vict.

The Divided Parishes and Poor

The whole Act, ex-

c. 61.

Law Amendment Act, 1876.

cept sections one

to nine, twenty-

four, twenty-nine,

thirty-one, thirty-

seven, thirty-nine,

forty-two and

forty-five, and except section nineteen from the

beginning of the

section to the

words "to the contrary notwithstanding, " and

except the first

paragraph of section twenty-one

and of section

forty-four.

42 & 43 Vict.

The Poor Law Amendment Act,

The whole Act.

c. 12.

1879.

42 & 43 Vict.

The Habitual Drunkards Act,

Section thirty-two.

c. 19.

1879.

42 & 43 Vict.

The Poor Law Act, 1879 -

Sections eight,

c. 54.

nine, ten, thirteen

and fourteen.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 36.

The Casual Poor Act, 1882

The whole Act.

45 & 46 Vict.

The Divided Parishes and Poor

Sections eight.

c. 58.

Law Amendment Act, 1882.

twelve, thirteen

and fourteen.

11th Sch.

•— cont.

278

Ch. 14

Poor Law Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5

11th Sch.

— cant.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of

Repeal.

45 & 46 Vict.

The Married Women’s Property

Section twenty from

c. 75.

Act, 1882.

the beginning of the section to the

words " if she becomes chargeable

to any union or

parish, " and section twenty-one.

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 11.

The Poor Law Conferences Act,

1883.

The whole Act.

47 & 48 Vict,

c. 43.

The Summary Jurisdiction Act,

1884.

Section eleven.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 41.

The Local Government Act,

1888.

Section fifty-eight.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 56.

The Poor Law Act, 1889

The whole Act, except sections eight,

nine and ten.

56 & 57 Vict.

The Local Government Act,

Section twenty;

c. 73.

1894.

1

i

i

I

subsection (3) of

section twenty-

four; section

thirty; section

forty-six so far

as it relates to

boards of guardians; section

forty-eight so far

as it relates to the

election of boards

of guardians; and

so far as they relate to boards of

guardians, subsections (1) and (2)

of section fifty-

nine, and sections

sixty and sixty-

one.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 25.

1

The Outdoor Relief Friendly

Societies Act, 1894.

The whole Act.

59 & 60 Vict.

The Local Government (Elec-

The whole Act so

c. 1.

i

tions) Act, 1896.

far as it relates to

boards of guardians.

60 & 61 Vict,

o. 29.

The Poor Law Act, 1897

The whole Act.

1927.

Poor Law Act, 1927

Ch. 14.

279

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of

Repeal.

61 & 62 Vict.

i

The Poor Law Unions Associa-

The whole Act.

c. 19.

tion (Expenses) Act, 1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

The Metropolitan Poor Act,

The whole Act.

c. 45.

1898.

61 & 62 Vict.

The Inebriates Act, 1898

Section twenty-two.

c. 60.

62 & 63 Vict.

The Poor Law Act, 1899 -

The whole Act.

c. 37.

63 & 64 Vict.

The District Councillors and

The whole Act so

c. 16.

Guardians (Term of Office)

far as it relates

Act, 1900.

to boards of

3 Edw. 7.

The Poor Law (Dissolution of

guardians.

The whole Act.

c. 19.

School Districts and Adjust-

4 Edw. 7.

ments) Act, 1903.

The Poor Law Authorities

The whole Act.

c. 20.

(Transfer of Property) Act,

4 Edw. 7.

1904.

The Outdoor Relief (Friendly

The whole Act.

c. 32.

Societies) Act, 1904.

7 Edw. 7.

The Released Persons (Poor

The whole Act.

c. 14.

Law Relief) Act, 1907.

8 Edw. 7.

The Married Women’s Property

The whole Act.

c. 27.

Act, 1908.

8 Edw. 7.

The Children Act, 1908

Sections thirty-six,

eighty-nine and

c. 67.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

The Mental Deficiency Act,

one hundred and

twenty-six.

Section sixty-nine.

c. 28.

1913.

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

The Allotments Act, 1922

Subsection (4) of

c. 61.

section twenty-

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

The National Health Insurance

one.

Subsection (1) of

c. 38.

Act, 1924.

section one hun-

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

The Boards of Guardians (De-

dred and five.

The whole Act.

c. 20.

fault) Act, 1926.

11th Sch.

—cont.

280

Ch. 15.

Workmen’s Compensation 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

(Transfer of Funds) Act, 1927.

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to make such amendments of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, as are necessary

to give effect to a certain resolution adopted by

an Imperial Conference held in London in the

year nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

[29th July 1927.]

WHEREAS at an Imperial Conference held in London

V V in the year nineteen hundred and twenty-six, a

resolution was adopted recommending that arrangements should be made between the different parts of the

Empire whereby sums awarded under the law relating to

workmen’s compensation in one part of the Empire to

beneficiaries resident or becoming resident in another

part of the Empire may, at the request of the authority

by which the award is made, be transferred to and

administered by a competent authority in that part of the Empire in which such beneficiaries reside, and

inviting the several Governments of the Empire to take

such steps by way of legislation or otherwise as each

may consider necessary and appropriate for the purpose

of promoting such arrangements:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Am?ndment

of 15 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 84

as to powers

of making

rules of court.

1. For the purpose of giving effect to the said

resolution, the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, shall

be amended as follows:—

Rules of court under the said Act may

provide, in the event of any such arrangement as

is mentioned in the said resolution being made

between Great Britain and any other part of His

Majesty’s dominions—

(a) for the transfer, in such manner as

may be provided by the arrangement, to

the part of His Majesty’s dominions with

which the arrangement is made of any

money paid into court under the said Act

1927

281

Workmen's Compensation Ch. 15, 16.

(Transfer of Funds) Act, 1927.

and rules made thereunder, as applicable

for the benefit of any person resident in or

about to reside in the part of His Majesty’s

dominions with which the arrangement

has been made;

(b) for the receipt and administration by

a county court of any money which under

any such arrangement has been transmitted

from the part of His Majesty’s dominions

with which the arrangement has been made

as money applicable for the benefit of any

person resident or about to reside in Great

Britain.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s

Compensation (Transfer of Funds) Act, 1927, and shall

be construed as one with the Workmen’s Compensation

Act, 1925.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, " His Majesty’s

dominions " includes territories under His Majesty’s

protection and such, if any, of the territories in respect

of which a mandate on behalf of the League of Nations

has been accepted by His Majesty as His Majesty may

by Order in Council direct shall be treated as if they

were included in His Majesty’s dominions for the

purposes of this Act.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to appoint additional commissioners for

executing the Acts granting a land tax and

other rates and taxes.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The persons named in the schedule signed by and

deposited with the Clerk of the House of Commons shall

(being where so required duly qualified by inhabitancy)

be Commissioners within the respective counties, shires

Short title

and construction.

Additional

land tax

commissioners.

282

Ch. 16, 17. Land Tax Commissioners 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

7 & 8 Geo. 4.

c. 75.

Short title.

Amendment

of s. 1 (2) of

Midwives

(Scotland)

Act, 1915.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

c. 91.

and places in England and Wales in the said schedule

respectively mentioned for putting into execution the

Acts for granting an aid to His Majesty by a land tax

in Great Britain and the Acts for continuing or granting

to His Majesty rates and taxes, as fully and effectually

as if they had been designated with the other Commissioners in the Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1827; and

on the passing of this Act the said schedule shall be

printed in the " London Gazette, " which shall be

sufficient evidence of such schedule for all purposes

whatsoever.

2. This Act may be cited as the Land Tax

Commissioners Act, 1927.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend the Midwives (Scotland) Act,

1915, and to provide for the registration and

inspection of maternity homes, and for purposes

connected therewith.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Amendment of the Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915.

1. The following subsection shall be substituted for

subsection (2) of section one of the Midwives (Scotland)

Act, 1915 (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the

principal Act ") :—

" (2) If any person being either a male person

or a woman not certified under this Act attends a

woman in childbirth otherwise than under the

direction and personal supervision of a duly

qualified medical practitioner, that person shall,

unless he or she satisfies the court that the attention

was given in a case of sudden or urgent necessity,

or in a case where reasonable efforts were made

1927.

Midwives and Maternity

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Ch. 17.

283

to obtain the services of a duly qualified medical

practitioner or of a person certified under this Act, be liable on summary conviction to a fine

not exceeding ten pounds:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall not apply in the case of a person who,

while undergoing training with a view to becoming

a duly qualified medical practitioner or a certified

midwife, attends a woman in childbirth as part of a

course of practical instruction in midwifery recognised by the General Medical Council or by the

Central Midwives Board for Scotland, if the

attendance by that person is in accordance with

the provisions regulating the course of study of

midwifery as recognised by the said council or

the rules relating to the training of midwives

made by the said board."

2. Notwithstanding anything in section two of the Provision

principal Act, any woman who, within two years from the for certify,

date of this Act coming into operation, claims to be in S persons

certified under the principal Act shall be so certified hol ‘ i . 1 l 1 g

provided she was on the first day of January, nineteen in m j d .

hundred and eighteen, the holder of a certificate in wifery on

midwifery from any of the hospitals, or the society, 1st January

college, dispensary or board mentioned in the said section 1918 -

two, or any other certificate approved by the Central

Midwives Board for Scotland for the purposes of that

section.

3.—(1) Where a midwdfe has been suspended from Amend-

practice in order to prevent the spread of infection, she ment of

shall, if she was not herself in default, be entitled to s - 6

recover from the local supervising authority such amount ^£ cipa

by way of compensation for loss of practice as is reasonable

in the circumstances of the case.

(2) In subsection (2) of section six of the principal

Act the words from " or where " to " infection " shall be

repealed.

4.—(1) Subsection (1) of section twenty-two of the Amendment

principal Act (which relates to medical assistance in of s. 22 of

case of emergency) shall have effect as if for the words principal

" and such fee shall cover one subsequent visit " there Act-

were substituted the words "and such fee shall cover

" such further visits as shall be prescribed by the scale."

284 Ch. 17. Midwives and Maternity 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

(2) Subsection (2) of the said section twenty-two

shall have effect as if at the end thereof there were

added the words "and shall submit his claim within two

" months from the date of the last visit covered by the

" scale."

(3) Subject to the sanction of the Scottish Board

of Health, a local supervising authority may make

arrangements with any pregnant women in their area

for the payment by such women to the authority,

whether by instalments or not, of such sum as may be

agreed to cover any liability which the authority may

incur under section twenty-two of the principal Act in

respect of fees payable to medical practitioners who may

be called in by midwives in pursuance of that section,

and subsection (4) of that section shall not apply in the

case of any woman who has entered into such an

arrangement and has duly paid the agreed sum.

Local super- 5. Where in any district there are not in operation

vising arrangements made by the local authority for attending

to the health of expectant mothers and nursing mothers,

midwivesln an d children under five years of age, in accordance

certain with section three of the Notification of Births (Exten-

cases. sion) Act, 1915, the local supervising authority shall,

5 & 6 Geo. 5- upon receiving reasonable notice, provide the services

c. 64. of a midwife or a duly qualified medical practitioner for

the purpose of attending a woman in childbirth, and the

provisions of subsection (4) of section twenty-two of the

principal Act shall apply for the purpose of the local

supervising authority recovering such fee in respect of the aforesaid services as may be determined according to

a scale fixed by the Scottish Board of Health as they

apply to the fee paid to a registered medical practitioner

called in in the case of an emergency.

6 . — (1)The Central Midwives Board for Scotland

may, if they think fit, cause the roll of midwives to be

divided into two parts, of which one shall contain the

names of all those practising midwives whose names

have been supplied to the Board by local supervising

authorities in the month of January in each year in

accordance with the provisions of section sixteen of the

principal Act and shall be published annually, and the

other shall contain the names of all other persons who

are entitled to be on the roll and shall be published at

Provision

as to midwives’ roll.

1927.

Midwives and Maternity

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Ch. 17.

285

such intervals, not exceeding five years, as the Scottish

Board of Health may determine.

(2) The Central Midwives Board for Scotland may

from time to time by registered letter, addressed to any

woman whose name is included in the roll of midwives

at her address as appearing therein, inquire of her

whether she has ceased practice or has changed her

residence; and if within a period of six months from the

sending of such a letter no answer is received thereto

the Board may erase the name of that woman from the

roll and may cancel her certificate, but without prejudice

to the power of the Board subsequently to restore the

name to the roll and to issue a certificate if it appears

proper so to do.

7. — (1) The power of the Central Midwives Board for Regulations

Scotland to frame rules under section five of the principal asto badges.

Act shall include a power to frame a rule as to

the wearing of badges by certified midwives, and if any

such rule is made subsection (1) of section one of that

Act shall have effect as if the words "or badge " were

inserted therein after the word "description."

(2) Section nine of the principal Act (which provides

for the return by a midwife of her certificate when her

name is removed from the roll in certain circumstances)

shall apply to any badge issued to any person by virtue

of the provisions of this section as it applies to the

certificate of a midwife.

8. Without prejudice to any other powers competent Combina-

to local supervising authorities in the matter, two or tion of local

more local supervising authorities may combine to carry authorities

out their powers and duties under the principal Act or ° om ie

any of those powers and duties, and for that purpose may m ittees.

appoint a joint committee, and the provisions of section

seventy-six of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 52 & 53 Vict.

1889, shall apply with the necessary modifications to any c. 50.

such joint committee; and any local supervising authority

or any joint committee of two or more local supervising

authorities may appoint committees for the purpose of

exercising all or any of their powers and duties under the

principal Act and any such committee may consist partly

of persons who are not members of the appointing

authority or committee.

286 Ch. 17. Midwives and Maternity 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Part II.

Registration and Inspection oe Maternity Homes.

Registra- 9. — (1) Any person who on or after the appointed

ti° n - day carries on a maternity home within the meaning

of this Act shall, unless that person is registered in

respect of that home, be liable on conviction to a fine

not exceeding fifty pounds, or in the case of a second

or subsequent offence to imprisonment, not exceeding

three months, either in lieu of or in addition to any

such fine.

(2) Application for registration shall be made to

the local supervising authority in writing in the prescribed form, and shall be accompanied by a fee of five

shillings.

All fees received by a local supervising authority

under this Act shall be applied towards defraying any

expenses of the authority under this Part of this Act.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, the local supervising authority on the receipt of an application for

registration shall register the applicant in respect of the maternity home named in the application and issue

to the applicant a certificate of registration which shall

be in the prescribed form:

Provided that the authority may refuse to register

the applicant if they are satisfied—

(a) that the applicant or any person employed by

the applicant at the home is not a fit person,

whether by reason of age or otherwise, to carry

on or to be employed at a maternity home;

or

(b) that for reasons connected with situation, construction, sanitation, accommodation, staffing or

equipment the home or any premises used in

connection therewith are not fit to be used

for a maternity home, or that the home or

the premises are used or to be used for purposes

which are in any way improper or undesirable

in the case of a maternity home; or

(c) in the case of a maternity home which was not

in existence at the commencement of this Act,

1927.

Midwives and Maternity

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Ch. 17.

287

that the person having the superintendence of the nursing of the patients in the home is not

either a qualified nurse or a certified midwife.

(4) In every maternity home there shall on and after

the appointed date be exhibited in a conspicuous place

the certificate of registration relating to the home.

10. — (1) Subject as hereinafter provided, a local

supervising authority may at any time cancel the

registration of any person in respect of any home—

(a) for any reason which would entitle them to

refuse an application for registration; or

(b) by reason of the appointment at any time after

the commencement of this Act of a person who

is not either a qualified nurse or a certified

midwife to superintend the nursing of the

patients hi the home; or

(c) by reason of a conviction for an offence against

this Part of this Act of that person or in respect

of that home.

(2) Upon the registration of any person in respect of

any home being cancelled, the holder of the certificate of

registration shall forthwith deliver up the certificate to the

local supervising authority.

11. —(1) Before making an order refusing an application for registration or cancelling any registration, the

local supervising authority shall give to the applicant

or to the person registered, as the case may be, not less

than fourteen days’ notice of their intention to make

such an order, setting out the reasons why they intend

to make the order, and giving the applicant or person

notice that if within fourteen days of the receipt of the

notice he informs the authority in writing of his desire

so to do, the authority will give him or his representative

an opportunity before the order is made of showing

cause why the order should not be made.

(2) If, after giving any such person or his representative an opportunity of being heard, the authority

decide to refuse the application for registration or to

cancel the registration, they shall make an order to that

effect and shall send a copy of the order to that person.

(3) Such an order shall not come into force until

the expiration of fourteen days from the date on which

Cancellation

of registration.

Notice of

refusal or

cancellation

of registration.

288

Ch. 17.

Midwives and Maternity 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Regulations.

the order was made, or where notice of appeal has been

given against the order, until the appeal has been decided

or withdrawn.

(4) Any person aggrieved by an order made under

this section may appeal against the order to the sheriff

within fourteen days after the date on which the order was

intimated to him, and the decision of the sheriff shall be

final and shall be given effect to by the local supervising

authority. In any appeal any reference in this Part of this Act to the local supervising authority being satisfied

as respects any matter shall be treated as a reference to

the sheriff being satisfied.

12.—(l)‘The Scottish Board of Health may make

regulations—

(a) with respect to records to be kept in the case of

each maternity home relating to—

(i) the persons engaged or employed at

the home in attending on the patients or

infant children; and

(ii) the patients admitted to the home;

and

(iii) the infant children in the home; and

(iv) the births, still-births, premature births

and abortions occurring in thp home; and

(v) all children born in the home who are

removed from the home otherwise than to

the custody or care of any parent, guardian

or relative; and

(b) as to notification of any death and the cause

thereof occurring in a maternity home; and

(c) for prescribing anything which under this Part

of this Act is to be prescribed.

(2) Regulations made under this section shall be laid

before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after

they are made:Provided that, if an Address is presented

to His Majesty by either House within the next subsequent

twenty-one days on which that House has sat after

regulations are laid before it praying that the regulations

may be annulled, the regulations shall thenceforth be void,

without prejudice to the validity of anything previously

done thereunder.

1927.

Midwives and Maternity

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Ch. 17.

289

(3) Every person who contravenes or fails to comply

with any of the provisions of regulations made under this

section shall he guilty of an offence against this Part

of this Act, and shall be liable on summary conviction to

a fine not exceeding five pounds, together with, in the

case of a continuing offence, a fine not exceeding two

pounds in respect of each day on which the offence

continues after the date of conviction.

13. —(1) An officer duly authorised by the local Inspection

supervising authority may, subject to such regulations of maternity

as may be made by the authority, and an officer duly homes,

authorised by the Scottish Board of Health may, at all

reasonable times enter and inspect any premises which

are used or which that officer has reasonable cause to

believe to be used for the purposes of a maternity home

and to inspect any records required to be kept in

accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall be deemed

to authorise any such officer who is not a duly qualified

medical practitioner to inspect any medical record relating

to any patient in a maternity home.

(2) If any person refuses to allow any such officer

to enter or inspect the premises or obstructs any such

officer in the execution of his duty under this section, he

shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act, and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine

not exceeding five pounds, together with, in the case of

a continuing offence, a fine not exceeding two pounds in

respect of each day on which the offence continues after

the date of conviction.

14. Where a person convicted of an offence against Offences by

this Part of this Act is a company, the chairman and every companies,

director and every officer concerned in the employment

of the company shall be guilty of the like offence unless

he proves that the act constituting the offence took place

without his knowledge or consent.

15. —(1) A local supervising authority may grant Power to

exemption from the operation of this Part of this Act in exempt cer-

respect of— tain institu-

... ...... . tions from

(a) any hospital or similar institution not carried p a rt II.

on for profit and not used mainly as a maternity

home;

T

290

Ch. 17.

Midwives and Maternity 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Interpretation.

(b) any hospital or premises which are a maternity

home within the meaning of this Act by reason

only that cases for such operations of a major

character as may be prescribed by the Board are

received in such hospital or premises.

(2) Any exemption granted under this section shall

continue in force for one year only from the date on

which it is granted, but without prejudice to the power

of the local supervising authority to grant a further

exemption.

(3) A local supervising authority may at any time

withdraw an exemption granted by the authority under

this section.

(4) Any person who is aggrieved by the refusal of a

local supervising authority to grant exemption under this

section in respect of any hospital, institution or premises

or by the withdrawal of any such exemption previously

granted by the authority, may appeal against the refusal

or withdrawal to the Scottish Board of Health, and the

Board, after considering the matter, shall give such

directions therein as they think proper, and the authority

shall comply with any directions so given.

Part III.

General.

16.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires :—

The expressions " register " and " registration "

mean register and registration under Part II.

of this Act;

The expression "appointed day" means the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight;

The expression "maternity home" means any

premises used or intended to be used for the

reception of pregnant women or of women

immediately after childbirth, but shall not

include any hospital or other premises maintained

or controlled by a Government Department

or local authority;

1927. Midwives and Maternity Ch. 17, 18. 291

Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927.

" Qualified nurse" means a person registered in the

general part of the register of nurses required

to be kept under the Nurses Registration (Scot- 9 & 10

land) Act, 1919, ora person who had, before Geo.5. c.95.

the commencement of this Act, completed a

three years’ course of training in a hospital

which was during the period of her training or subsequently became a training school

approved by the General Nursing Council for

Scotland, or the General Nursing Council for

England and Wales, or the General Nursing

Council for Northern Ireland for the purpose of

admission to the general part of the said

register.

(2) The local supervising authority for the purposes

of Part II. as well as of Part I. of this Act shall be the

local authority under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 60 & 61 Vict.

1897. c. 38.

17.—(1) This Act may be cited as the IVIidwives and Short title.

Maternity Homes (Scotland) Act, 1927, and shall be construc-

construed as one with the Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915, tion and

and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the ex n '

Midwives and Maternity Homes (Scotland) Acts, 1915

and 1927.

(2) This Act shall apply only to Scotland.

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to amend the enactments relating to the

Naval Reserve Forces.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where in pursuance of an order under Amendment

section four of the Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer) of 22 & 23

Act, 1859 (in this section referred to as the principal Vict - c - 40 •

Act), a man is called into actual service, he shall, if

medically fit for actual service, be entitled to receive

292 Ch. 18. Royal Naval Reserve 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

such sum, not exceeding five pounds, as the Admiralty

may appoint, unless he was liable to be called into

actual service in pursuance of that order at the time

of his enrolment.

(2) In section five of the principal Act (which

relates to the period for which volunteers are liable to

serve) there shall be repealed the words "and every

" volunteer whose period of actual service is extended

" under or in consequence of such proclamation shall,

" beyond three years from the date of his coming into

" actual service, be entitled to receive for his services

" during the extra period of which they are required

" beyond such three years, twopence per day in addition

" to his ordinary pay; " and also the words "but after

" three years actual service, either continuously or from

" time to time during his engagement as a royal naval

" volunteer, he will be entitled as aforesaid to twopence

" per day, in addition to his ordinary pay, for the period

" of his actual service beyond three years."

(3) In section three of the principal Act, for the

words " twenty-eight days " there shall be substituted

the words "ninety-two days " as the maximum period

of instruction, training and exercise in any one year.

(4) In this section references to the principal Act

include references to the principal Act as applied by any

subsequent enactment.

2. Persons who have served in the navy or marines,

whether or not in receipt of pensions in respect of such

service, may be allowed to enlist in the division of the

reserve raised under the Naval Reserve Act, 1900, and

shall be deemed always to have been eligible for such

enlistment; and, accordingly, subsection (2) of section

one of that Act shall have effect, and shall be deemed

always to have had effect, as if for paragraphs (a) and

(b) thereof the following paragraphs were substituted:—

" (a) the persons who are in receipt of pensions in

respect of service in the navy or marines and

who are entitled to their pensions subject to a

condition of service in this division of the

reserve; and

(b) persons who have served in the navy or marines

and who have enlisted in this division of the

reserve; and".

Amendment

of 63 & 64

Vict. c. 62.

s. 1.

1927.

Royal Naval Reserve

Act, 1927.

Ch. 18, 19.

293

3. This Act may be cited as the Royal Naval Reserve Short title.

Act, 1927, and the Royal Naval Reserve Acts, 1859 to

1902, the Naval Forces Act, 1903, and this Act, may be 3 Edw. 7.

cited together as the Royal Naval Reserve Acts, 1859 c. 6.

to 1927.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to provide for a right of appeal by

members of police forces who are dismissed or

required to resign.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) A member of a police force who after the Right of

passing of this Act is dismissed or required to resign appeal to

as an alternative to dismissal may appeal to a Secretary Secretary of

of State in accordance with this Act and the rules made fetato -

thereunder, if he gives notice of appeal in the prescribed

manner and within the prescribed time.

(2) On any such appeal the disciplinary authority

shall be made, and is in this Act referred to as, the

respondent.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, " police force "

means a police force within the meaning of the Police 11 & 12

Pensions Act, 1921, that is to say, any such police force Geo. 5. c. 31.

as is mentioned in the first column of the Schedule to

this Act, and in relation to each such police force

" disciplinary authority" means the officer or authority

mentioned in the second column of that Schedule.

2. — (1) The Secretary of State, unless it appears to Decision by

him that the case is of such a nature that it can Secretary of

properly be determined without taking oral evidence, State,

shall appoint one or more persons (one at least of whom

shall be a person engaged or experienced in police

administration) to hold an inquiry and report to him.

294

Ch. 19.

Police (Appeals) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

(2) The Secretary of State after considering the

notice of appeal and any other documents submitted to

him by the appellant and the respondent in accordance

with the rules under this Act, and the report (if any) of the person or persons holding the inquiry shall by order

either—

(a) allow the appeal; or

(b) dismiss the appeal; or

(c) vary the punishment by substituting some other

punishment which the disciplinary authority

might have awarded:

Provided that the Secretary of State may before

making the order remit the case for further investigation

by the person or persons who held the inquiry, or if he

thinks fit, for further consideration by the disciplinary

authority.

(3) An order made by the Secretary of State under

this section shall as soon as it is made be sent to

the appellant and the respondent together with, if an

inquiry was held, a copy of the report of the person

holding the inquiry, and the order shall be final and

binding upon all parties.

(4) Where an appeal is allowed, or the punishment

is varied by the Secretary of State, the order shall take

effect by way of substitution for the decision appealed

from, and as from the date of that decision; and where

the effect of the order is to re-instate the appellant in the

force, he shall, for the purpose of reckoning service for

pension, and, to such extent (if any) as may be determined by the order, for the purpose of pay, be deemed to

have served continuously from the date of the decision to

the date of his reinstatement, and if he was suspended

for a period immediately preceding the date of the

decision, the order shall deal with such suspension.

Power to 3. A person holding an inquiry under this Act may

summon by order require any person to attend as a witness

witnesses, and give evidence or to produce any documents in

c ' his possession or power which relate to any matter in

question at the inquiry, and are such as would be subject

to production in a court of law, and if any person fails

without reasonable excuse to comply with the provisions

1927.

Police (Appeals)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 19.

295

of any such order he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and a person

holding the inquiry shall have power to take evidence on

oath and for that purpose to administer oaths.

4. The Secretary of State may make rules as to Rules,

procedure on appeals and at inquiries under this Act,

and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality

of this provision, may make rules—

(a) prescribing the form and contents of the notice

of appeal, and the documents to be submitted

by the appellant and the time within which

such documents are to be submitted;

(b) prescribing the documents to be submitted and

the time within which they are to be submitted

by the respondent:

Provided that the rules shall provide for giving to

the appellant a right to appear at an inquiry by a

serving member of a police force or, with the consent of the person holding the inquiry, by counsel or a solicitor,

and for giving to the respondent a right to appear by an

officer of the police force or by the clerk or other officer

of the police authority, or, with the consent of the person

holding the inquiry, by counsel or a solicitor.

5. —(1) The Secretary of State may by his order Costs and

direct that the appellant shall pay the whole or any part expenses,

of his own costs, but, subject to any such direction

being given, all the costs and expenses of an appeal

under this Act, including the costs of the parties, shall

be defrayed out of the police fund.

(2) Any costs payable under this section shall be

subject to taxation in such manner as the Secretary of

State may direct.

6. The provisions of this Act shall apply to Scotland, Application

subject to the following modifications :— to Scotland.

(1) Any inquiry and report in pursuance of section

two shall be held and made by the sheriff

(excluding the sheriff substitute):

(2) The provisions of section seventy-eight of the

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, and of any 55 & 56 Vict,

local enactment in so far as they relate to the c. 55.

2!H)

Ch. 19.

Short title

and extent.

Section 1.

Police (Appeals) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

removal, dismissal or suspension of the chief

constable of a burgh, or to inquiry into the

conduct and efficiency of such chief constable,

shall have effect as if references to the sheriff

were omitted therefrom, and accordingly so

much of the said provisions as applies to the

case of a difference of opinion between the

sheriff and any other person or body shall cease

to have effect.

7. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Police

(Appeals) Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Poijce Forces and Disciplinary Authorities.

Part I.

England and Wales.

Police Force.

Disciplinary Authority.

The City of London

police force.

The Metropolitan

police force.

A county police force

A borough police

force.

The Commissioner of the police force of the

City of London or, where the Commissioner is himself the appellant, the Court

of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of

London.

The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis.

The chief constable or, where the chief

constable is himself the appellant, the

standing joint committee of the quarter

sessions and the county council.

The watch committee.

The River Tyne The Tyne Improvement Commissioners,

police force.

1027.

Police (Appeals) Ch. 19, 20. 297

Act, 1927.

Part II.

Scotland.

A county

force.

A burgh

force.

police The chief constable or, where the chief

constable is himself the appellant, the

standing joint committee of the commissioners of supply and the county

council.

police The chief constable or other body by whom

the appellant was dismissed or required

to resign or, where the chief constable

is himself the appellant, the town council

or other body by whom he was dismissed or required to resign.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to amend the law with respect to customs

in the Isle of Man.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) On and from the twenty-fourth day of May, Duties on

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, in lieu of the wines,

customs duties theretofore payable on wines, there shall,

until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, be charged, levied and paid on wines

removed or imported into the Isle of Man, in the case

of wines of the description specified in the first column

of the table contained in Part I of the First Schedide

to this Act and not being Empire products, duties at

the rates respectively specified in the second column of

that table, and in the case of wines of the description

specified in the first column of the table contained in

Part II of the said schedule and being Empire products,

duties at the rates respectively specified in the second

column of that table.

(2) Subsection (2) of section eight of the Customs 53 & 54 Vict,

and Inland Revenue Act, 1890 (which provides that wine 8 -

298

Ch. 20.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 74.

Duty on

sweets.

Duties on

spirits.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 40.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 27.

Duties on

ale or beer.

15 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 56.

Duties on

hops.

Isle of Man (Customs) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

rendered sparkling in warehouse is to be deemed to be

sparkling wine for the purpose of a certain duty imposed

on sparkling wine), shall apply for the purpose of the

duty imposed on sparkling wine by this section as it

applied for the purpose of the duty mentioned in that

subsection.

(3) In this section the expression "wine " includes

the lees of wine, but does not include wine made in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland, and the expression

" Empire products" means such Empire products as

are entitled to a preferential rate under section five of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1919.

2. —(1) On and from the twenty-fourth day of

May, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, there shall be charged, levied and paid on sweets

removed or imported into the Isle of Man a duty of

customs at the rate of one shilling for every gallon.

(2) In this section the expression "sweets " means

any liquor which is made in Great Britain or Northern

Ireland from fruit and sugar, or from fruit or sugar

mixed with any other material, and which has undergone

a process of fermentation in the manufacture thereof,

and includes British wines, made wines, mead, and

metheglin.

3. The additional duties of customs on spirits

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1921, as amended by the

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926, shall continue to be

charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the first day

of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

4. The additional duties of customs on ale or beer

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to

be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

5. The duties of customs on hops, and extracts,

essences and other similar preparations made from

hops, removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed

by the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue

1927. Isle of Man (Customs) Ch, 20. 299

Act, 1927.

to be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight.

6. — (1) On and from the twenty-fourth day of May, Duties on

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, in lieu of the customs tobacco,

duties theretofore payable on tobacco, there shall, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,

be charged, levied and paid on tobacco removed or

imported hito the Isle of Sian, in the case of tobacco of the descriptions specified in the first column of the table

contained in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act

and not being Empire products, duties at the rates respectively specified in the second column of that table, and

in the case of tobacco of the descriptions specified in the

first column of the table contained in Part II of the said

schedule and being Empire products, duties at the rates

respectively specified in the second column of that table.

(2) In this section the expression "Empire products "

means such Empire products as are entitled to a preferential rate under section five of the Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1919, and in the said schedule the expression

" stripped tobacco" means any leaf tobacco of which

the leaf is not complete by reason of the removal of the

stalk or midrib or of some portion thereof, but tobacco

shall not be deemed to be stripped tobacco solely by

reason of its having been subjected to such process of

butting as the Commissioners of Customs and Excise

allow.

7. — (1) On and from the twenty-fourth day of Duties on

May, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, in lieu of the matches,

customs duties theretofore payable on matches, there

shall, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, be charged, levied and paid on matches

removed or imported into the Isle of Man the duties

specified in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(2) For the purposes of the duties under this section,

a match which has more than one point of ignition shall

be reckoned as so many matches as there are points of

ignition.

(3) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise may

make regulations with respect to the collection of the

duties under this section, and may for that purpose apply.

300

Ch. 20.

Duties ou

cocoa.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 24.

Duties on

silk.

Duty on

lace.

Duties on

motor cars,

&c.

Isle of Man (Customs) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

■with the necessary modifications, to matches removed or

imported into the Isle of Man, any enactments applicable

to duties on matches imported into Great Britain or

Northern Ireland.

8. The duties of customs on cocoa removed or

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of

Man (Customs) Act, 1924, shall continue to be charged,

levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

9. The duties of customs on silk or artificial silk

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, as amended by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926, shall continue to

be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight.

10. — (1) The duty of customs on lace removed or

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1925, as amended by the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1926, shall continue to be charged, levied

and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven, until the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight.

(2) Subsection (2) of section ten of the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1926, shall have effect, and shall be

deemed always to have had effect, as if after the words

" having regard to " there were inserted the words "the

" nature or small value of the articles, or in the case of

" articles containing lace or embroidery, having regard

" to."

H.-(l) The duties of customs on motor cars,

including motor bicycles and motor tricycles, and their

accessories and component parts, removed or imported

into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1925, as amended by the Isle of Man (Customs) Act,

1926, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid as

from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven, until the first day of August, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight.

1927.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 20.

301

(2) The exemption in respect of tyres which is given

by subsection (1) of section six of the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1925, from the customs duty thereby

charged on such accessories and component parts shall

be deemed to have ceased as from the twenty-fourth

day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

12 . —(1) The duties of customs on— Duties on

(a) musical instruments, including gramophones, J nusical

pianolas and other similar instruments; 1 c c ments ‘

(b) accessories and component parts of musical watches,

instruments, and records and other means of filrns > &c *

reproducing music;

(c) clocks and watches, and component parts of

clocks and watches; and

(d) cinematograph films,

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to be

charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the first day

of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

(2) For the purpose of the customs duty charged on

cinematograph films by subsection (1) of section six of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, the expression

" blank film " shall include, and as from the twenty -

fourth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

shall be deemed to have included, all photographic

sensitized sheets or strips of celluloid or other similar

material which are of a length of not less than twelve

feet, whatever the width of the sheets or strips may be,

and duty shall be charged on any such sheets or strips

in proportion to their width.

13. The duties of customs on cutlery, gloves and Duties on

mantles for incandescent lighting removed or imported cutlery,

into the Isle of Man imposed by section fourteen of the £ loves an(l

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926, shall continue to be for

charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August, descent

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the first day of lighting.

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

14. —(1) On and from the twenty-fourth day of Duty on

May, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, until the translucent

first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, °r vitrified

there shall be charged, levied and paid on the removal P° tter y-

302

Ch. 20.

Amendment

of s. 13 of

Isle of Man

(Customs)

Act, 1926.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 22.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 47.

Isle of Man (Customs) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

or importation into the Isle of Man of any translucent

pottery or vitrified pottery (not being pottery made in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland), which is either an

article of a description commonly used in connection

with the serving of food or drink or a component

part of such an article, a customs duty at the rate of one

pound and eight shillings for every hundredweight

thereof.

(2) Subsections (2), (3) and (5) of section fourteen

of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926, shall apply to

the goods chargeable with duty under this section and

to the duty imposed by this section as they apply to

the articles chargeable with duty under that section

and to the duties imposed by that section.

15. There shall be substituted for subsection (6)

of section thirteen of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act,

1926, the following subsection :—

" (6) The Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of

Man may by order exempt any article mentioned

in the order which is liable to duty under this

section from that duty if he is satisfied—

(a) that, having regard to the nature or

small value of the article, it is inexpedient

that the duty should be charged; or

(b) as respects any article which is so

liable by reason only that some ingredient

or part of the article is so liable, that it

is inexpedient, having regard to the nature

of that ingredient or part and to the

smallness of its value in comparison with

the total value of the article, that the duty

should be charged; or

(c) that an order has been made by the

Treasury under subsection (5) of section

ten of the Finance Act, 1926 (which provides for the exemption of articles not

made in sufficient quantities within His

Majesty’s Dominions), exempting the article

from the duty imposed by section one of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921,

as amended by any subsequent enactment."

1927.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 20.

303

16. Any order made by the Lieutenant-Governor

of the Isle of Man under any section of this Act or

under any other enactment for exempting any articles

from duties of customs may be varied cr amended by

another order made under the same section of this Act or under that other enactment, as the case may be.

17. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1927.

(2) The enactments set out in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that schedule.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Rate of Duty

Description of Wine. per gallon.

Part I. s. d.

Not exceeding 25 degrees proof spirit - - 3 0

Exceeding 25 degrees and not exceeding 30 degrees, if

in a Customs or Excise warehouse in Great Britain,

Northern Ireland or the Isle of Man on the twenty-

fourth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven, and delivered in the Isle of Man for home

consumption between the twenty-fourth day of July,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight 5 0

Exceeding 25 degrees and not exceeding 42 degrees and

not being wine chargeable under this part of this

Schedule with duty at the rate of five shillings per

gallon ----80

Every degree or fraction of a degree above 42 degrees

an additional duty ----08

Sparkling, an additional duty - - -12fi

Still, in bottle, an additional duty - - 2 0

Part II.

Not exceeding 27 degrees proof spirit -20

Exceeding 27 degrees and not exceeding 42 degrees - 4 0

Every degree or fraction of a degree above 42 degrees

an additional duty -.04

Sparkling, an additional duty.0 3

Still, in bottle, an additional duty - -10

Power to

vary or

amend

exemption

orders.

Short title

and repeal.

Section 1.

304 Ch. 20. Isle, of Man (Customs) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Section 6. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rate of Duty

Description of Tobacco. per lb.

Part I.

Upon tobacco unmanufactured, namely :— s. d.

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof—

Unstripped - - - 8 10

Stripped ---- 8 101

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof—

Unstripped.9 91

Stripped - - - 9 10

Upon tobacco manufactured, namely—

Cigars - '.10 10

Cigarettes.- -137

Cavendish or Negrohead. 1210

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured in bond - 11 21

Other manufactured tobacco - - 11 2|

Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof.10 7

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in

every 100 lbs. weight thereof - - 12 JO

Part II.

Upon tobacco unmanufactured, namely :—

Containing 10 lbs. or more of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof—

Unstripped ---- 6 9

Stripped ---- 0 of

Containing less than 10 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof—

Unstripped -.7 CJ

Stripped - -- -- -- 7 Of

Upon tobacco manufactured, namely :—

Cigars - - -12111

Cigarettes.- -10 5£

Cavendish or Negrohead - - - 910|

Cavendish or Negrohead manufactured in bond - 8 7|

Other manufactured tobacco - 8 7$

Snuff containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in every

100 lbs. weight thereof -.8 If

Snuff not containing more than 13 lbs. of moisture in

every 100 lbs. weight thereof 9 10|

1927.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 20.

305

THIRD SCHEDULE. Section 7.

Matches.

Containers in which there are not more than 10 5. cl.

matches—

For every 1,000 such containers - 6 2

Containers in which there are more than 10 matches,

but not more than 20 matches—

For every 1,000 such containers - - 12 4

Containers in which there are more than 20 matches,

but not more than 50 matches—

For every 144 such containers - - 4 4

In respect of every additional 25 matches, or part of

25 matches, over 50 in a container—

For every 144 such containers, an additional

duty of.22

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 17.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

61 & 62 Vict.

The Isle of Man (Customs)

Subsection (1) of section

c. 27.

Act, 1898.

one so far as relates to

tobacco.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 39.

The Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1899.

The whole Act.

4 Edw. 7. c. 25.

The Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1904.

The whole Act.

9 Edw. 7. c. 45.

The Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1909.

Section two so far as

relates to tobacco.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

The Isle of Man (Customs)

The proviso to subsec-

c. 56.

Act, 1925.

tion (1) of section ten.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

The Isle of Man (Customs)

Section twelve.

c. 27.

Act, 1926.

Subsection (6) of section

thirteen.

U

306

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Licences to

be taken out

by moneylenders.

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Law with respect to persons

carrying on business as Moneylenders.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Every moneylender, whether carrying on

business alone or as a partner in a firm, shall take out

annually in respect of every address at which he carries

on his business as such, an excise licence (in this Act

referred to as " a moneylender’s excise licence "), which

shall expire on the thirty-first day of July in every year,

and, subject as hereinafter provided, there shall be

charged on every moneylender’s excise licence an excise

duty of fifteen pounds, or if the licence be taken out not

more than six months before the expiration thereof, of

ten pounds.

Provided that—

(a) the duty charged on any moneylender’s excise

licence which will expire on the thirty-first

day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight, shall, notwithstanding that the licence

may be taken out more than six months

before the expiration thereof, be a duty of

ten pounds; and

(b) where moneylender’s excise licences are taken

out by two or more moneylenders in respect

of any address or addresses at which they

carry on their business as partners in a firm,

the Commissioners of Customs and Excise

shall remit, or if the duty has been paid

repay, to the firm a sum equal to the aggregate of the duties charged on such number of the licences taken out as exceeds the number

of the addresses in respect of which they are

taken out; and

1927.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

(c) where it is proved to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners of Customs and Excise that

there is in force a licence for carrying on

the business of a pawnbroker at any premises

in respect of which a moneylender’s excise

licence is taken out by the person carrying on

the business, the Commissioners shall remit,

or if the duty has been paid repay, to that

person such part of the duty charged on the

moneylender’s excise licence as is equal to

the amount of the duty paid in respect of the

licence for carrying on the business of a

pawnbroker, or where in any such case

moneylender’s excise licences are taken out

by partners in a firm in respect of the

premises, the remission or repayment shall

be made to the firm.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act, moneylenders’ excise licences shall be in such form as the

Commissioners of Customs and Excise may direct,

and shall be granted on payment of the appropriate

duty by any officer of Customs and Excise authorised

by the Commissioners to grant them, and regulations

made by the said Commissioners may make provision

as to the procedure to be followed in making application for moneylenders’ excise licences:

Provided that a moneylender’s excise licence shall

be taken out by a moneylender in his true name, and

shall be void if it be taken out in any other name, but

every moneylender’s excise licence shall also show the

moneylender’s authorised name and authorised address.

(3) If any person—

(a) takes out a moneylender’s excise licence in

any name other than his true name; or

(b) carries on business as a moneylender without

having in force a proper moneylender’s excise

licence authorising him so to do, or, being

licensed as a moneylender, carries on business

as such in any name other than his authorised name, or at any other place than his

authorised address or addresses; or

(c) enters into any agreement in the course of his

business as a moneylender with respect to the

308

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Certificate

required for

grant of

moneylender’s

excise

licence.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 58.

advance or repayment of money, or takes

any security for money, in the course of his

business as a moneylender, otherwise than in

his authorised name;

he shall be guilty of a contravention of the provisions

of this Act and shall for each offence be liable to an

excise penalty of one hundred pounds:

Provided that, on a second or subsequent conviction

of any person (other than a company) for an offence

under this subsection, the court may, in lieu of or in

addition to ordering the offender to pay the penalty

aforesaid, order him to be imprisoned for a term not

exceeding three months, and an offender being a company shall on a second or subsequent conviction be liable

to an excise penalty of five hundred pounds.

2.—(1) A moneylender’s excise licence shall not be

granted except to a person who holds a certificate granted

in accordance with the provisions of this section authorising the grant of the licence to that person, and a

separate certificate shall be required in respect of every

separate licence. Any moneylender’s excise licence

granted in contravention of this section shall be void.

(2) Certificates under this section (in this Act referred

to as " certificates ") shall be granted by the petty

sessional court having jurisdiction in the petty sessional

division in which the moneylender’s business is to be

carried on, so, however, that within any part of the

metropolitan police district for which a police court is

established, a certificate shall not be granted except by a

police magistrate.

(3) Every certificate granted to a moneylender shall

show his true name and the name under which, and the

address at which, he is authorised by the certificate to

carry on business as such, and a certificate shall not

authorise a moneylender to carry on business at more

than one address, or under more than one name, or

under any name -which includes the word "bank, " or

otherwise implies that he carries on banking business,

and no certificate shall authorise a moneylender to carry

on business under any name except—

(a) his true name; or

(b) the name of a firm in which he is a partner, not

being a firm required by the Registration of

1027.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

300

Business Names Act, 1916, to be registered;

or

(c) a business name, whether of an individual or of

a firm in which he is a partner, under which

he or the firm has, at the passing of this Act,

been registered for not less than three years

both as a moneylender under the Moneylenders 63 & G4 Vict.

Act, 1900, and under the Registration of c. 61.

Business Names Act, 1916.

(4) A certificate shall come into force on the date

specified therein, and shall expire on the next following

thirty-first day of July.

(5) A Secretary of State shall make rules with

respect to the procedure to be followed in making

applications for certificates (including the notices to be

given of intention to make such an application), and

certificates shall be in such form as may be prescribed by

rules so made.

(6) A certificate shall not be refused except on

some one or more of the following grounds—

(a) that satisfactory evidence has not been produced of the good character of the applicant,

and in the case of a company of the persons

responsible for the management thereof;

(b) that satisfactory evidence has been produced

that the applicant, or any person responsible or

proposed to be responsible for the management

of his business as a moneylender, is not a fit and

proper person to hold a certificate;

(c) that the applicant, or any person responsible or

proposed to be responsible for the management

of his business as a moneylender, is by order of

a court disqualified for holding a certificate;

(d) that the applicant has not complied with the

provisions of any rules made under this section

with respect to applications for certificates.

(7) Any person aggrieved by the refusal of a petty

sessional court to grant a certificate may appeal to a

court of quarter sessions in manner provided by the

Summary Jurisdiction Acts as if the refusal were an

order of a court of summary jurisdiction.

310

Suspension

and forfeiture of

moneylenders ’

certificates.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 4.

Ch. 21. Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

3. — (1) Where any person, being the holder of a

certificate, is convicted of any offence under this Act or

under section two or four of the Betting and Loans

(Infants) Act, 1892, or the Moneylenders Act, 1900, the

court—

(a) may order that any certificates held by that

person, and in the case of a partner in a firm by

any other partner in the firm, shall either be

suspended for such time as the court thinks fit,

or shall be forfeited, and may also, if the

court thinks fit, declare any such person, or

any person responsible for the management of the moneylending business carried on by the

person convicted, to be disqualified for obtaining a certificate for such time as the court

thinks fit; and

(b) shall cause particulars of the conviction and of

any order made by the court under this subsection to be endorsed on every certificate held

by the person convicted or by any other

person affected by the order, and shall cause

copies of those particulars to be sent to the

authority by whom any certificate so endorsed

was granted, and to the Commissioners of

Customs and Excise:

Provided that, where by order of a court a certificate held by any person is suspended or forfeited,

or any person is disqualified for obtaining a certificate,

he may, whether or not he is the person convicted,

appeal against the order in the same manner as any

person convicted may appeal against his conviction,

and the court may, if it thinks fit, pending the appeal,

defer the operation of the order.

(2) Any certificate required by a court for endorsement in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this

section shall be produced, in such manner and within

such time as may be directed by the court, by the

person by whom it is held, and any person who, without

reasonable cause, makes default in producing any certificate so required shall, in respect of each offence, be

liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding

five pounds for each day during which the default

continues.

1927.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

311

(3) Where a certificate held by any person is ordered

to be suspended or to be forfeited under the foregoing

provisions of this section, any moneylender’s excise

licences granted to that person, whether in pursuance

of that or any other certificate, shall be suspended

during the period for which the certificate is ordered

to be suspended or become void, as the ease may be.

4.—(1) Subsection (2) of section two of the Companies (Particulars as to Directors) Act, 1917 (which

requires certain particulars to be published in trade

catalogues, trade circulars, show cards and business

letters) shall apply with the necessary modifications to

every company licensed under this Act notwithstanding

that the company was registered or had established a

place of business within the United Kingdom on or

before the twenty-second day of November, nineteen

hundred and sixteen.

(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of the last

foregoing section and of section eighteen of the Registration of Business Names Act, 1916, a moneylender

shall not, for the purposes of his business as such, issue

or publish, or cause to be issued or published, any advertisement, circular, business letter, or other similar

document which does not show—

(a) in such manner as to be not less conspicuous

than any other name, the authorised name of the moneylender; and

(b) except in the case of an advertisement published

in a newspaper, any name, other than his

authorised name, under which the moneylender,

and in the case of a firm any partner therein,

was before the commencement of this Act

registered as a moneylender under the Moneylenders Act, 1900;

and any moneylender who acts in contravention of this

subsection shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding twenty pounds in respect of each

offence.

(3) If a moneylender, for the purposes of his business

as such, issues or publishes, or causes to be issued

or published, any advertisement, circular or document

of any kind whatsoever containing expressions which

might reasonably be held to imply that he carries on

Names to

be stated

on documents

issued by

moneylenders.

7 & 8 Geo. 6.

c. 28.

312

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Restrictions

on money-

lending

advertisements.

banking business, he shall on summary conviction be

liable to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and

on a second or subsequent conviction, in lieu of or in

addition to such a fine as aforesaid, to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding three months, or, in the case of a

second or subsequent conviction of an offender being a

company, to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds.

5.—(1) No person shall knowingly send or deliver

or cause to be sent or delivered to any person except in

response to his written request any circular or other

document advertising the name, address or telephone

number of a moneylender, or containing an invitation—

(a) to borrow money from a moneylender;

(b) to enter into any transaction involving the

borrowing of money from a moneylender;

(c) to apply to any place with a view to obtaining

information or advice as to borrowing any

money from a moneylender.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, no person shall

publish or cause to be published in any newspaper or

other printed paper issued periodically for public circulation, or by means of any poster or placard, an advertisement advertising any such particulars, or containing any

such invitation, as aforesaid:

Provided that an advertisement in conformity with

the requirements of this Act relating to the use of names

on moneylenders’ documents may be published by or on

behalf of a moneylender in any newspaper or in any such

paper as aforesaid or by means of a poster or placard

exhibited at any authorised address of the moneylender,

if it contains no addition to the particulars necessary

to comply with the said requirements, except any of the

following particulars, that is to say any authorised address

at which he carries on business as a moneylender and

the telegraphic address and telephone number thereof,

any address at which he formerly carried on business,

a statement that he lends money with or without

security, and of the highest and lowest sums that he is

prepared to lend, and a statement of the date on which

the business carried on by him was first established.

(3) No moneylender or any person on his behalf

shall employ any agent or canvasser for the purpose of

inviting any person to borrow money or to enter into

1027.-

Momylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

313

any transaction involving the borrowing of money from a

moneylender, and no person shall act as such agent or

canvasser, or demand or receive directly or indirectly any

sum or other valuable consideration by way of commission or otherwise for introducing or undertaking to

introduce to a moneylender any person desiring to

borrow money.

(4) Where any document issued or published by

or on behalf of a moneylender purports to indicate the

terms of interest upon which he is willing to make loans

or any particular loan, the document shall either express

the interest proposed to' be charged in terms of a rate

per cent, per annum or show the rate per cent, per

annum represented by the interest proposed to be

charged as calculated in accordance with the provisions

of the First Schedule to this Act.

(5) Any person acting in contravention of any of the

provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanour

and shall in respect of each offence be liable, on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months or a fine not exceeding one

hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and

fine, and, on summary conviction to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine.

(6) Where it is shown that a money-lending transaction was brought about by a contravention of any of the provisions of this section, the transaction shall, notwithstanding that the moneylender was duly licensed

under this Act, be illegal, unless the moneylender proves

that the contravention occurred without his consent or

connivance.

6 . — (1)No contract for the repayment by a

borrower of money lent to him or to any agent on his

behalf by a moneylender after the commencement of this Act or for the payment by him of interest on money

so lent and no security given by the borrower or by any

such agent as aforesaid in respect of any such contract

shall be enforceable, unless a note or memorandum in

writing of the contract be made and signed personally

by the borrower, and unless a copy thereof be delivered

or sent to the borrower within seven days of the making

of the contract; and no such contract or security shall

Form of

moneylenders ’

contracts.

314

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Prohibition

of compound

interest and

provision

as to

defaults.

Obligation

of moneylender to

supply information

as to state

of loan and

copies of

documents

relating

thereto.

be enforceable if it is proved that the note or memorandum aforesaid was not signed by the borrower before

the money was lent or before the security was given as

the case may be.

(2) The note or memorandum aforesaid shall contain all the terms of the contract, and in particular

shall show the date on which the loan is made, the

amount of the principal of the loan, and, either the

interest charged on the loan expressed in terms of a

rate per cent, per annum, or the rate per cent, per

annum represented by the interest charged as calculated

in accordance with the provisions of the First Schedule

to this Act.

7. Subject as hereinafter provided, any contract

made after the commencement of this Act for the loan

of money by a mo'neylender shall be illegal in so far as

it provides directly or indirectly for the payment of

compound interest or for the rate or amount of interest

being increased by reason of any default in the payment

of sums due under the contract:

Provided that provision may be made by any such

contract that if default is made in the payment upon the

due date of any sum payable to the moneylender under

the contract, whether in respect of principal or interest,

the moneylender shall be entitled to charge simple

interest on that sum from the date of the default until

the sum is paid, at a rate not exceeding the rate payable

in respect of the principal apart from any default, and

any interest so charged shall not be reckoned for the

purposes of this Act as part of the interest charged in

respect of the loan. ‘

8. —(1) In respect of every contract for the repayment of money lent by a moneylender whether made

before or after the commencement of this Act, the moneylender shall, on any reasonable demand in writing being

made by the borrower at any time during the continuance of the contract and on tender by the borrower of the sum of one shilling for expenses, supply to the

borrower or, if the borrower so requires, to any person

specified in that behalf in the demand, a statement signed

by the moneylender or his agent showing—

(a) the date on which the loan was made, the amount

of the principal of the loan and the rate per

cent, per annum of interest charged; and

1927.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

315

(b) the amount of any payment already received

by the moneylender in respect of the loan and

the date on which it was made; and

(c) the amount of every sum due to the moneylender, but unpaid, and the date upon which it

became due, and the amount of interest accrued

due and unpaid in respect of every such sum;

and

(d) the amount of every sum not yet due which

remains outstanding, and the date upon which

it will become due.

(2) A moneylender shall, on any reasonable demand

in writing by the borrower, and on tender of a reasonable

sum for expenses, supply a copy of any document

relating to a loan made by him or any security therefor,

to the borrower, or if the borrower so requires, to any

person specified in that behalf in the demand.

(3) If a moneylender to whom a demand has been

made under this section fails without reasonable excuse

to comply therewith within one month after the demand

has been made, he shall not, so long as the default

continues, be entitled to sue for or recover any sum due

under the contract on account either of principal or

interest, and interest shall not be chargeable in respect

of the period of the default, and if such default is made

or continued after proceedings have ceased to lie in

respect of the loan, the moneylender shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds

for every day on which the default continues.

9. —(1)Where a debt due to a moneylender in respect Provisions

of a loan made by him after the commencement of this as to bank-

Act includes interest, that interest shall, for the purposes ru P*?y proof the provisions of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, relating ° r

to the presentation of a bankruptcy petition, voting at lenders ’

meetings, compositions and schemes of arrangement, and loans,

dividend, be calculated at a rate not exceeding five per 4 & 5 Geo. 5.

cent, per annum, but nothing in the foregoing provision c. 59.

shall prejudice the right of the creditor to receive out

of the estate, after all the debts proved in the estate

have been paid in full, any higher rate of interest to

which he may be entitled.

The provisions of this subsection shall, in relation

to such a debt as aforesaid, have effect in substitution

316

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Amendments of

63 & 64

Vict. c. 51.

s. 1.

for the provisions of subsection (1) of section sixty-six

of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914.

(2) No proof of a debt due to a moneylender in

respect of a loan made by him shall be admitted for any

of the purposes of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, unless the

affidavit verifying the debt is accompanied by a statement showing in detail—

(a) the amount of the sums actually lent to the

debtor and the dates on which they were lent,

and the amount of every payment already

received by the moneylender in respect of the

loan and the date on which every such payment

was made; and

(b) the amount of the balance which remains unpaid

distinguishing the amount of the principal from

the amount of interest included therein, the

appropriation between principal and interest

being made in accordance with the provisions

of this Act where the interest is not expressed

by the contract for the loan in terms of a rate;

and

(c) where the amount of interest included in the

unpaid balance represents a rate per cent, per

annum exceeding five per cent., the amount

of interest which would be so included if it

were calculated at the rate of five per cent, per

annum.

(3) General rules may be made under section one

hundred and thirty-two of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914,

for the purpose of carrying into effect the objects of this section.

10 . — (1)Where, in any proceedings in respect of any

money lent by a moneylender after the commencement

of this Act or in respect of any agreement or security

made or taken after the commencement of this Act

in respect of money lent either before or after the

commencement of this Act, it is found that the interest

charged exceeds the rate of forty-eight per cent, per

annum, or the corresponding rate in respect of any other

period, the court shall, unless the contrary is proved,

presume for the purposes of section one of the Moneylenders Act, 1900, that the interest charged is excessive

and that the transaction is harsh and unconscionable,

1927.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Cir. 21.

317

but this provision shall be without prejudice to the

powers of the court under that section where the court

is satisfied that the interest charged, although not

exceeding forty-eight per cent, per annum, is excessive.

(2) Where a court reopens a transaction of a moneylender under the said section one of the Moneylenders

Act, 1900, the court may require the moneylender to

produce any certificate granted to him in accordance

with the provisions of this Act, and may cause such

particulars as the court thinks desirable to be endorsed

on any such certificate, and a copy of the particulars to

be sent to the authority by whom the certificate was

granted.

(3) The powers of a court under the said section one

of the Moneylenders Act, 1900, with respect to the reopening of the transactions of moneylenders, shall extend

to any transaction effected under a special contract made

in accordance with the provisions of section twenty-four

of the Pawnbrokers Act, 1B72, and accordingly, for the

purposes of the first mentioned section the provisions of

paragraph (a) of section six of the Moneylenders Act, 1900,

shall not apply with respect to any such transaction.

(4) The powers of a court under subsection (2) of the

said section one of the Moneylenders Act, 1900 (which

enables a court at the instance of the borrower, surety,

or other person liable, to exercise its powers under that

section with respect to the re-opening of the transactions

of moneylenders, although no proceedings are taken for

the recovery of the money lent, and notwithstanding

that the time for repayment may not have arrived),

may in the event of the bankruptcy of the borrower be

exercised at the instance of the trustee in bankruptcy,

notwithstanding that he may not be a person liable

in respect of the transaction.

(5) The powers of a court under the said subsection (2) of section one of the Moneylenders Act, 1900,

may be exercised notwithstanding that the moneylender’s

right of action for the recovery of the money lent is

barred.

11 . — (1)Subject as hereinafter provided, no action

by a moneylender for the recovery of money lent by him

or for enforcing any agreement or security relating to

any such money shall be brought in any inferior court

other than a county court:

35 & 36 Vint,

c. 33.

Courts to

which proceedings on

money-

lending

transactions

318

are to be

taken.

Prohibition

of charge for

expenses

on loans

by moneylenders.

Limitation

of time for

proceedings

in respect of

money lent

by moneylenders.

Ch. 21. Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Provided that His Majesty may by Order in Council

direct that any inferior court specified in the Order shall

have the same jurisdiction as respects such actions as

aforesaid as it would have had but for the provisions of this subsection, and any such Order may contain such

provisions as appear to His Majesty expedient with

respect to the making of rules of court' for regulating

the procedure to be followed in the case of any

such action, and may be revoked or varied by any

subsequent Order made in like manner.

(2) Before any Order in Council is made under this

section, a draft thereof shall be laid before each House of

Parliament for a period of not less than twenty-one days

during the, session of Parliament, and if either House

before the expiration of the said period presents an

address to His Majesty against the draft or any part

thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon,

but without prejudice to the making of a new draft

order.

12. Any agreement between a moneylender and a

borrower or intending borrower for the payment by the

borrower or intending borrower to the moneylender of

any sum on account of costs, charges or expenses

incidental to or relating to the negotiations for or the

granting of the loan or proposed loan shall be illegal,

and if any sum is paid to a moneylender by a borrower

or intending borrower as for or on account of any such

costs, charges or expenses, that sum shall be recoverable

as a debt due to the borrower or intending borrower,

or, in the event of the loan being completed, shall, if

not so recovered, be set ofi against the amount actually

lent and that amount shall be deemed to be reduced

accordingly. '

13 . — (1)No proceedings shall lie for the recovery

by a moneylender of any money lent by him after the

commencement of this Act or of any interest in respect

thereof, or for the enforcement of any agreement made

or security taken after the commencement of this Act in

respect of any loan made by him, unless the proceedings

are commenced before the expiration of twelve months

from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

Provided that—

(a) if during the period of twelve months aforesaid

or at any time within any subsequent period

1927.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

319

during which proceedings may by virtue of this proviso be brought, the debtor acknowledges in writing the amount due and gives

a written undertaking to the moneylender

to pay that amount, proceedings for the

recovery of the amount due may be brought

at any time within a period of twelve months

from the date of the acknowledgment and

undertaking;

(b) the time limited by the foregoing provisions

of this section for the commencement of

proceedings shall not begin to run in respect

of any payments from time to time becoming

due to a moneylender under a contract for

the loan of money until a cause of action

accrues in respect of the last payment becoming due under the contract;

(c) if at the date on which the cause of action

accrues or on which any such acknowledgment and undertaking as aforesaid is given

by the debtor, the person entitled to take

the proceedings is non compos mentis, the

time limited by the foregoing provisions

of this section for the commencement of

proceedings shall not begin to run until that

person ceases to be non compos mentis or

dies, whichever first occurs; and

(d) if at the date on which the cause of action

accrues or on which any such acknowledgment and undertaking as aforesaid is given

by the debtor, the debtor is beyond the seas,

the time limited by the foregoing provisions

of this section for the commencement of

proceedings shall not begin to run until he

returns from beyond the seas, so, however,

that section eleven of the Mercantile Law 19 & 20Viet.

Amendment Act, 1856 (which relates to the 97.

limitation of actions against joint debtors

where some are beyond seas) shall have effect

as if this section were included among the

enactments therein referred to as fixing a

period of limitation.

(2) Without prejudice to the powers of a court

under section one of the Moneylenders Act, 1900, if at

320

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Special

provisions

as to pawnbroker’s

loans.

the time when proceedings are taken by a moneylender

in respect of a default in the payment of any sum due

to him under a contract for the loan of money, any

further amount is outstanding under the contract but

not yet due, the court may determine the contract and

order the principal outstanding to be paid to the

moneylender with such interest thereon, if any, as the

court may allow up to the date of payment.

14 . — (1)The provisions of sections six, twelve and

thirteen of this Act shall not apply in relation to any loan

by a pawnbroker on a pledge, or in relation to any debt

in respect of such a loan, or any interest thereon, notwithstanding that the loan is not made in the course of the business carried on by the pawnbroker in accordance

with the Acts for the time being in force in relation to

pawnbrokers, so long as the following conditions are

complied with in respect of the loan :—

(a) The pawnbroker shall deliver or send to the

pawner within seven days a note or memorandum containing all the terms of the contract,

and in particular showing the date on which

the loan is made, the amount of the principal

of the loan, the interest charged on the loan

expressed in terms of a rate per cent, per

annum, and any other charges payable by the

pawner under the contract, and the rate of

interest charged shall not exceed the rate of

twenty per cent, per annum;

(b) Subject as hereinafter provided, the pawner shall

not be charged any sum on account of costs,

charges, or expenses incidental to or relating

to the negotiations for or the granting of the

loan or proposed loan, except a charge for the

preparation of documents relating to the loan

not exceeding the sum of one shilling, and a

charge equal to the actual amount of any

stamp duty paid by the pawnbroker upon any

such document:

Provided that a pawnbroker shall not be deemed

to have failed to comply with the foregoing conditions

by reason of his having made in good faith and in

accordance with the terms of the contract for the loan—

(i) a reasonable charge in respect of the storage

or care of any pledge which is not physically

1927.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

321

delivered to him or which, although so delivered,

is of such weight or size that it would not under

the Post Office regulations for the time being

in force be received for transmission by parcel

post; or

(ii) a charge for interest at a rate not exceeding

twenty per cent, per annum upon any sum

reasonably expended by the pawnbroker in

respect of the storage or care of the pledge; or

(iii) a charge not exceeding one shilling for rendering

any account of the sale of any pledge; or

(iv) a charge not exceeding one shilling in respect

of any inspection of the pawnbroker’s books.

(2) Any charge authorised by this section for the

preparation of documents relating to a loan, or in respect

of stamp duty upon any such document, may be

deducted by the pawnbroker from the amount of the

loan, and, if so deducted, shall be deemed for the

purposes of this Act to be included in the principal.

15.—(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpreu-

requires, the following expressions have the meanings tion, &c.

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" Authorised name " and " authorised address "

mean respectively the name under which and the

address at which a moneylender is authorised by

a certificate granted under this Act to carry on

business as a moneylender;

" Business name" means the name or style under

which any business is carried on, whether in

partnership or otherwise;

" Company" means any body corporate being a

moneylender;

" Firm" means an unincorporate body of two or

more individuals, or one or more individuals and

one or more corporations, or tv r o or more corporations, who have entered into partnership with one

another with a view to carrying on business for

profit;

" Interest " does not include any sum lawfully

charged in accordance with the provisions of this Act by a moneylender for or on account of costs,

charges, or expenses, but save as aforesaid,

includes any amount, by whatsoever name called,

X

qoo

O——.

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Notice and

information

to be given

on assignment of

moneylenders ’

debts.

in excess of the principal, paid or payable to a

moneylender in consideration of or otherwise in

respect of a loan;

" Principal" means in relation to a loan the amount

actually lent to the borrower.

(2) Where by a contract for the loan of money by a

moneylender the interest charged on the loan is not

expressed in terms of a rate, any amount paid or payable

to the moneylender under the contract (other than simple

interest charged hi accordance with the proviso to section

seven of this Act) shall be appropriated to principal and

interest in the proportion that the principal bears to

the total amount of the interest, and the rate per cent,

per annum represented by the interest charged as

calculated in accordance with the provisions of the

First Schedule to this Act shall be deemed to be the

rate of interest charged on the loan.

16.—(1) Where any debt in respect of money

lent by a moneylender whether before or after the

commencement of this Act or in respect of interest

on any such debt or the benefit of any agreement made

or security taken in respect of any such debt or interest

is assigned to any assignee, the assignor (whether he is

the moneylender by whom the money was lent or any

person to whom the debt has been previous^ assigned)

shall, before the assignment is made—

(a) give to the assignee notice in writing that the

debt, agreement or security is affected by the

operation of this Act; and

(b) supply to the assignee all information necessary

to enable him to comply with the provisions of this Act relating to the obligation to supply

information as to the state of loans and copies

of documents relating thereto,

and any person acting in contravention of any of the

provisions of this section shall be liable to indemnify

any other person who is prejudiced by the contravention,

and shall also be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall in

respect of each offence be liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two

years, or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds,

or to both such imprisonment and fine, and shall be

liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a

1927.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

323

term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

(2) In this section the expression "assigned "

means assigned by any assignment inter vivos other

than an assignment by operation of law, and the expressions "assignor" and "assignee" have corresponding meanings.

17 . — (1)Subject as hereinafter provided, the pro- Application

visions of this Act shall continue to apply as respects any of Act as

debt to a moneylender in respect of money lent by him respects

after the commencement of this Act or in respect of assl S nees -

interest on money so lent or of the benefit of any agreement made or security taken in respect of any such

debt or interest, notwithstanding that the debt or the

benefit of the agreement or security may have been

assigned to any assignee, and, except where the context

otherwise requires, references in this Act to a moneylender shall accordingly be construed as including any

such assignee as aforesaid:

Provided that—

(a) notwithstanding anything in this Act—

(i) any agreement with, or security taken

by, a moneylender in respect of money

lent by him after the commencement of this Act shall be valid in favour of any

bona fide assignee or holder for value

without notice of any defect due to the

operation of this Act and of any person

deriving title under him; and

(ii) any payment or transfer of money or

property made bona fide by any person,

whether acting in a fiduciary capacity or

otherwise, on the faith of the validity of

any such agreement or security, without

notice of any such defect shall, in favour

of that person, be as valid as it would

have been if the agreement or security had

been valid; and

(iii) the provisions of this Act limiting

the time for proceedings in respect of

money lent shall not apply to any proceedings in respect of any such agreement or

security commenced by a bona fide assignee

324

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

Application

to Scotland.

or holder for value without notice that the

agreement or security was affected by the

operation of this Act, or by any person

deriving title under him,

but in every such case the moneylender shall

be liable to indemnify the borrower or any

other person who is prejudiced by virtue of this section, and nothing in this proviso shall

render valid an agreement or security in

favour of, or apply to proceedings commenced

by, an assignee or holder for value who is

himself a moneylender; and

(b) for the purposes of this Act and of the

Moneylenders Act, 1900, the provisions of

section one hundred and ninety-nine of the

Law of Property Act, 1925, shall apply as if

the expression "purchaser " included a person

making any such payment or transfer as

aforesaid.

(2) Nothing in this section shall render valid for

any purpose any agreement, security, or ‘other transaction which would, apart from the provisions of this Act, have been void or unenforceable.

18. This Act shall apply to Scotland subject to

the following modifications—

(a) Certificates under section two of this Act shall

be granted by the licensing court under the

Licensing (Scotland) Acts, 1903 to 1921, within

whose jurisdiction the premises in which the

moneylender’s business is to be carried on are

situated, and may be granted either at the

general half-yearly meeting of such court, or at

any adjournment thereof, which adjournment

they may make from time to time for the

purposes of this Act, or at some other meeting

specially convened for that purpose, and an

appeal against the refusal to grant such a

certificate shall lie to the court of appeal under

the said Acts:

(b) The power to make rules under subsection (5)

of section two of this Act shall include power

to make rules with respect to the procedure to

be followed in appeals under the foregoing

paragraph of this section:

1027.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

325

(c) The provisions of subsection (3) of section

twenty-seven of the Licensing (Scotland) Act, 3 Edw. 7.

1903 (which relates to the prescribing of fees), c - 25 -

shall extend to the prescribing of fees payable

to clerks of licensing courts and of courts of

appeal for anything done under this Act:

(< d)References to the presentation of a bankruptcy

petition shall be construed as references to the

presentation of a petition for sequestration;

" scheme of arrangement " shall mean deed of

arrangement; references to the admission of

proof of debts shall be construed as references

to the ranking of claims or debts; and

"affidavit" shall mean oath:

(e) The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913, shall be 3&4 Geo.5.

substituted for the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, except c. 20.

where subsection (1) of section sixty-six thereof

is referred to; and Act of Sederunt under section

one hundred and ninety of the said Act of 1913

shall be substituted for general rules under

section one hundred and thirty-two of the said

Act of 1914:

(f) Where decree is granted by any court in favour

of a moneylender for any sum of money in

respect of a loan by him, the court may, either

at the time of granting such decree or at any

time thereafter prior to the payment of such

sum and on the application of either party,

make an order that such sum shall be payable

by instalments of such amount and subject to

such conditions as the court shall think fit:

(g) Section eleven of this Act shall not apply:

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any

Act contained, summary execution or diligence

shall not be competent upon any bill of exchange

or promissory note or upon any bond or obligation registered in the books of any court, where

such bill, promissory note, bond or obligation

has been granted to or in favour of or is held

by a moneylender.

19 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Moneylenders Short title,

Act, 1927, and the Moneylenders Act, 1900, and this Act citation,

may be cited together as the Moneylenders Acts, 1900 to construe-

1097 tion, repeal.

326

Ch. 21.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

extent and

commencement.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 38.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 63.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the Moneylenders Act, 1900,

shall be construed as references to that Act as amended

by this Act, and this Act shall be construed as one with

that Act, and the provisions of this Act as to moneylender’s excise licences and offences in relation thereto

shall also be construed as one with the Acts relating to

duties of excise and the management of those duties.

(3) The enactments set out in the Second Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified

in^the third column of that Schedule:

Provided that section one of the Moneylenders

Act, s 1911, shall continue in force as respects any agreement with or security taken by a moneylender before

the commencement of this Act, or any payment or

transfer of money or property made, whether before or

after the commencement of this Act, on the faith of the

validity of any such agreement or security.

(4) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(5) Except as hereinafter provided this Act shall

come into force on the first day of January, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight:

Provided that—

(a) subject to the provisions of any regulations

or rules made under this Act, licences and

certificates may be granted to moneylenders

at any time after the first day of October,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven; and

(b) Orders in Council may be made under the

provisions of this Act relating to courts to

which proceedings on moneylenders’ transactions are to be taken at any time after the

passing of this Act,

so, however, that no such licence or Order in Council

shall come into force until the commencement of this Act.

Nothing in the foregoing proviso shall be construed

to limit or otherwise affect the provisions of section

thirty-seven of the Interpretation Act, 1889.

1027.

Moneylenders Act, 1927.

Ch. 21.

327

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

and 1.).

Calculation of Interest where the

Interest charged on a Loan is not expressed

in terms of a Rate.

1. The amount of principal outstanding at any time shall

be taken to be the balance remaining after deducting from the

principal the total of the portions of any payments appropriated

to principal in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

2. The several amounts taken to be outstanding by way of

principal during the several periods ending on the dates on

which payments are made shall be multiplied in each case by

the number of calendar months during which those amounts

are taken to be respectively outstanding, and there shall be

ascertained the aggregate amount of the sum so produced.

3. The total amount of the interest shall be divided by

one-twedth part of the aggregate amount mentioned in paragraph 2 of this Schedule, and the quotient, multiplied by one

hundred, shall be taken to be the rate of interest per cent, per

annum.

4. If having regard to the intervals between successive

payments it is desired so to do, the calculation of interest may

be made by reference to weeks instead of months, and in such

a case the foregoing paragraphs shall have effect as though in

paragraph 2 the word "weeks" were substituted for the words

" calendar months, " and in paragraph 3 the words "one-fifty-

second, " were substituted for the words "one-twelfth."

5. Where any interval between successive payments is not

a number of complete weeks or complete months, the foregoing

paragraphs shall have effect as though one day were one-seventh

part of a week or one-thirtieth part of a month, as the case

may be.

328

Ch. 21, 22.

Moneylenders Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Section 10.

Illegal

strikes and

lock-outs.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

63 & 64 Vict.

The Moneylenders

Section two; section three; in

c. 51.

Act, 1900.

paragraph (e) of section six

the words "registration

under "

I & 2 Geo. 5.

The Moneylenders

The whole Act.

c. 38.

Act, 1911.

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to declare and amend the law relating to

trade disputes and trade unions, to regulate the

position of civil servants and persons employed

by public authorities in respect of membership

of trade unions and similar organisations, to

extend section five of the Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act, 1875, and for other

purposes connected with the purposes aforesaid.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It is hereby declared—

(a) that any strike is illegal if it—

(i) has any object other than or in addition

to the furtherance of a trade dispute within

the trade or industry in which the strikers

are engaged; and

(ii) is a strike designed or calculated to

coerce the Government either directly or by

inflicting hardship upon the community; and

1927. Trade Disputes and Ch. 22. 329

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

(b) that any lock-out is illegal if it—

(i) has any object other than or in addition

to the furtherance of a trade dispute within

the trade or industry in which the employers

locking-out are engaged; and

(ii) is a lock-out designed or calculated to

coerce the Government either directly or by

inflicting hardship upon the community:

and it is further declared that it is illegal to commence,

or continue, or to apply any sums in furtherance or

support of, any such illegal strike or lock-out.

For the purposes of the foregoing provisions—

(a) a trade dispute shall not be deemed to be

within a trade or industry unless it is a

dispute between employers and workmen,

or between workmen and workmen, in that

trade or industry, which is connected with

the employment or non-employment or the

terms of the employment, or with the conditions of labour, of persons in that trade

or industry; and

(b) without prejudice to the generality of the

expression " trade or industry " workmen

shall be deemed to be within the same trade

or industry if their wages or conditions of

employment are determined in accordance

with the conclusions of the same joint industrial council, conciliation board or other

similar body, or in accordance with agreements made with the same employer or

group of employers.

(2) If any person declares, instigates, incites others

to take part in or otherwise acts in furtherance of a

strike or lock-out, declared by this Act to be illegal,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding ten pounds or to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months, or on conviction on indictment

to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years:

Provided that no person shall be deemed to have

committed an offence under this section or at common

law by reason only of his having ceased work or refused

to continue to work or to accept employment.

330 Ch. 22. Trade Disputes and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

(3) Where any person is charged before any court

with an offence under this section, no further proceedings

in respect thereof shall be taken against him without the

consent of the Attorney-General except such as the court

may think necessary by remand (whether in custody or

on bail) or otherwise to secure the safe custody of the

person charged, but this subsection shall not apply to

Scotland, or to any prosecution instituted by or on

behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions.

6 Edw. 7. (4) The provisions of the Trade Disputes Act, 1906,

c. 47. shall not, nor shall the second proviso to subsection (1)

10 & 11 of section two of the Emergency Powers Act, 1920, apply

Geo. 5. c. 55. to any act done in contemplation or furtherance of a

strike or lock-out which is by this Act declared to be

illegal, and any such act shall not be deemed for the

purposes of any enactment to be done in contemplation

or furtherance of a trade dispute:

Provided that no person shall be deemed to have

committed an offence under any regulations made under

the Emergency Powers Act, 1920, by reason only of his

having ceased work or having refused to continue to

work or to accept employment.

Protection 2.—(1) Xo person refusing to take part or to con-

of persons tinue to take part in any strike or lock-out which is by this

refusing to ^ct declared to be illegal, shall be, by reason of such refusal

illegal or reason of any action taken by him under this

strikes or section, subject to expulsion from any trade union or

lock-outs. society, or to any fine or penalty, or to deprivation of

any right or benefit to which he or his legal personal

representatives would otherwise be entitled, or liable to

be placed in any respect either directly or indirectly

under any disability or at any disadvantage as compared

with other members of the union or society, anything to

the contrary in the rules of a trade union or society

notwithstanding.

(2) Xo provisions of the Trade Union Acts, 1871

to 1917, limiting the proceedings which may be entertained by any court, and nothing in the rules of a trade

union or society requiring the settlement of disputes in

any manner shall apply to any proceeding for enforcing

any right or exemption secured by this section, and in

any such proceeding the court may, in lieu of ordering a

person who has been expelled from membership of a

1927.

Trade Disputes and

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

Ch. 22.

331

trade union or society to be restored to membership,

order that he be paid out of the funds of the trade union

or society such sum by way of compensation or damages

as the court thinks just.

(3) As respects any strike or lock-out before the

passing of this Act but since the first day of May,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, which, according to

the law as declared by this Act, was illegal, this section

shall have effect as if it had been in operation when the

strike or lock-out took place.

3. — (1) It is hereby declared that it is unlawful for

one or more persons (whether acting on their own behalf

or on behalf of a trade union or of an individual

employer or firm, and notwithstanding that they may be

acting in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute)

to attend at or near a house or place where a person

resides or works or carries on business or happens to be,

for the purpose of obtaining or communicating information or of persuading or inducing any person to work or

to abstain from working, if they so attend in such

numbers or otherwise in such manner as to be calculated

to intimidate any person in that house or place, or to

obstruct the approach thereto or egress therefrom, or to

lead to a breach of the peace; and attending at or near

any house or place in such numbers or in such manner

as is by this subsection declared to be unlawful shall be

deemed to be a watching or besetting of that house or

place within the meaning of section seven of the

Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act, 1875.

(2) In this section the expression "to intimidate "

means to cause in the mind of a person a reasonable

apprehension of injury to him or to any member of his

family or to any of his dependants or of violence or

damage to any person or property ', and the expression

" injury " includes injury to a person in respect of his

business, occupation, employ'ment or other source of

income, and includes any actionable wrong.

(3) In section seven of the Conspiracy, and Protection

of Property Act, 1875, the expression "intimidate " shall

be construed as having the same meaning as in this

section.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, it shall

not be lawful for one or more persons, for the purpose of

Prevention

of intimidation, &c.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 86.

332

Ch. 22.

Provisions

as to political fund.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 30.

Trade Disputes and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

inducing any person to work or to abstain from working,

to watch or beset a house or place where a person resides

or the approach to such a house or place, and any person

who acts in contravention of this subsection shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding three months.

4. — (1) It shall not be lawful to require any member

of a trade union to make any contribution to the political

fund of a trade union unless he has at some time after the

commencement of this Act and before he is first after the

thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven, required to make such a contribution

delivered at the head office or some branch office of the

trade union, notice in writing in the form set out in the

First Schedule to this Act of his willingness to contribute

to that fund and has not withdrawn the notice in manner

hereinafter provided; and every member of a trade union

who has not delivered such a notice as aforesaid, or who,

having delivered such a notice, has withdrawn it in

manner hereinafter provided, shall be deemed for the

purposes of the Trade Union Act, 1913, to be a member

who is exempt from the obligation to contribute to the

political fund of the union, and references in that Act

to a member who is so exempt shall be construed

accordingly:

Provided that, if at any time a member of a trade

union who has delivered such a notice as aforesaid

gives notice of withdrawal thereof, delivered at the head

office or at any branch office of the trade union, he shall

be deemed for the purposes of this subsection to have

withdrawn the notice as from the first day of January

next after the delivery of the notice of withdrawal.

For the purposes of this subsection, a notice may be

delivered personally or by any authorised agent and any

notice shall be deemed to have been delivered at the

head or a branch office of a trade union if it has been

sent by post properly addressed to that office.

(2) All contributions to the political fund of a trade

union from members of the trade union who are liable

to contribute to that fund shall be levied and made

separately from any contributions to the other funds of the trade union and no assets of the trade union, other

than the amount raised by such a separate levy as

1927. Trade Disputes and Ch. 22. 333

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

aforesaid, shall be carried to that fund, and no assets

of a trade union other than those forming part of the

political fund shall be directly or indirectly applied or

charged in furtherance of any political object to which

section three of the Trade Union Act, 1913, applies;

and any charge in contravention of this subsection shall

be void.

(3) All rules of a trade union made and approved

in accordance with the requirements of section three

of the Trade Union Act, 1913, shall be amended so as

to conform to the requirements of this Act, and as so

amended shall be approved by the Registrar of Friendly

Societies (in this Act referred to as "the Registrar")

within six months after the commencement of this Act

or within such further time as the Registrar may in

special circumstances allow, and if the rules of any trade

union are not so amended and approved as aforesaid

they shall be deemed not to comply with the requirements of the said section.

(4) Notwithstanding anything in this Act, until the

thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven, it shall be lawful to require any member

of a trade union to contribute to the political fund of the trade union as if this Act had not been passed.

(5) If the Registrar is satisfied, and certifies, that

rules for the purpose of complying with the provisions of this section, or for the purposes of the Trade Union Act,

1913, as amended by this Act, which require approval

by the Registrar have been approved by a majority

of the members of a trade union voting for the

purpose, by the executive or other governing body of

such a trade union, or by a majority of delegates of such

a trade union voting at a meeting called for the purpose,

the Registrar may approve those rules and those rules

shall thereupon have effect as rules of the union notwithstanding that the provisions of the rules of the union

as to the alteration of rules or the making of new rules

have not been complied with.

(6) Section sixteen of the Trade Union Act, 1871 34 & 35 Vict.

(which provides for the transmission to the Registrar of c. 31.

annual returns by registered trade unions), shall apply

to ever} 7 unregistered trade union so far as respects the

334

Ch. 22.

Trade Disputes and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

receipts, funds, effects, expenditure, assets and liabilities

of the political fund thereof.

Regulations 5. — (1) Amongst the regulations as to the conditions

astoorgani- 0 f service in His Majesty’s civil establishments there

sations of shall be included regulations prohibiting established

lished civil clv servants from being members, delegates, or repre-

servante sentatives of any organisation of which the primary

may be object is to influence or affect the remuneration and

members. conditions of employment of its members, unless the

organisation is an organisation of which the membership

is confined to persons employed by or under the Crown

and is an organisation which complies with such provisions as may be contained in the regulations for

securing that it is in all respects independent of, and

not affiliated to, any such organisation as aforesaid the

membership of which is not confined to persons employed

by or under the Crown or any federation comprising

such organisations, that its objects do not include

political objects, and that it is not associated directly

or indirectly with any political party or organisation:

Provided that the regulations made in compliance

with the provisions of this section shall not prevent—

(a) any person who is at the commencement of this Act an established civil servant from remaining a

member of any trade union or organisation not

composed wholly or mainly of persons employed

by or under the Crown of which he had, at the

commencement of this Act, been a member for

more than six months, if under the rules thereof

there had on the fourth day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven, accrued or begun

to accrue to him a right to any future payment

during incapacity, or by way of superannuation,

or on the death of himself or his wife, or as

provision for his children; or

(b) any person employed at the commencement of this Act by or under the Crown who thereafter

becomes an established civil servant from

remaining, so long as he is not appointed to

a position of supervision or management, a

member of any trade union or organisation, not

composed wholly or mainly of persons employed

by or under the Crown, of which he is a member

1927. Trade Disputes and Ch. 22. 335

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

at the date when he so becomes an established

civil servant, if under the rules thereof there

has at that date accrued, or begun to accrue, to

him a right to any future payment during

incapacity, or by way of superannuation, or on

the death of himself or his wife, or as provision

for his children; or

(c) a person who in addition to being an established

civil servant is, apart from his service as such,

also engaged in some other employment or

occupation from being a member, delegate, or

representative of any trade union or organisation,

of which the primary object is to influence or

affect the remuneration or conditions of employment of persons engaged in that employment or

occupation.

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, any established civil servant who contravenes the regulations

made under this section shall be disqualified for being

a member of the Civil Service:

Provided that, in the case of a first offence, a civil

servant shall forthwith be warned by the head of his

department, and the said disqualification shall not

take effect if within one month after such warning

the civil servant ceases to contravene the said regulations.

(3) In this section—

(a) the expression "established civil servant "

means a person serving in an established

capacity in the permanent service of the

Crown, and includes any person who, having

been granted a certificate by the Civil Service

Commissioners, is serving a probationary

period preliminary to establishment; and

(b) the expression "conditions of employment "

means in relation to persons other than

persons employed by or under the Crown the

conditions of employment of persons employed

under a contract of service.

6.—(1) It shall not be lawful for any local or other Provisions

public authority to make it a condition of the employ- as to

ment or continuance in employment of any person that P ers ? ns

x - J 1 employed

336

Ch. 22.

by local

and other

public

authorities.

Restraint of

application

of funds of

trade

unions, &c.,

in contravention of

s. 1 of Act.

Trade Disputes and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

he shall or shall not be a member of a trade union, or to

impose any condition upon persons employed by the

authority whereby employees who are or who are not

members of a trade union are liable to be placed in any

respect either directly or indirectly under any disability

or disadvantage as compared with other employees.

(2) It shall not be lawful for any local or other

public authority to make it a condition of any contract

made or proposed to be made with the authority, or of the consideration or acceptance of any tender in connection with such a contract, that any person to be

employed by any party to the contract shall or shall not

be a member of a trade union.

(3) Any condition imposed in contravention of this

section shall be void.

(4) There shall be added to section five of the

Conspiracy, and Protection of Property Act, 1875, the

following provision, that is to say:—

" If any person employed by a local or other

" public authority wilfully breaks a contract of

" service with that authority, knowing or having

" reasonable cause to believe that the probable

" consequence of his so doing, either alone or in

" combination with others, will be to cause

" injury or danger or grave inconvenience to the

" community, he shall be liable, on summary

" conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds

" or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

" three months."

7. Without prejudice to the right of any person

having a sufficient interest in the relief sought to sue or

apply for an injunction to restrain any application of the funds of a trade union in contravention of the

provisions of this Act, an injunction restraining any

application of the funds of a trade union in contravention of the provisions of section one of this Act may be

granted at the suit or upon the application of the

Attorney-General.

In the application of this section to Scotland, there

shall be substituted therein for references to an injunction

references to an interdict, and for the reference to the

Attorney-General a reference to the Lord Advocate.

1927. Trade Disputes and Ch. 22. 337

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

8.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Trade Short title,

Disputes and Trade Unions Act, 1927, and shall be construo-

construed as one with the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to t, ion > inter "

1917, and this Act and the Trade Union Acts, 1871 to extent'and

1917, may be cited together as the Trade Union Acts, repea i

1871 to 1927.

(2) For the purposes of this Act—

(a) the expression "strike" means the cessation of

work by a body of persons employed in any

trade or industry acting in combination, or

a concerted refusal, or a refusal under a

common understanding of any number of

persons who are, or have been so employed,

to continue to work or to accept employment;

(b) the expression "lock-out" means the closing of

a place of employment or the suspension of

work, or the refusal by an employer to continue to employ any number of persons

employed by him in consequence of a dispute,

done with a view to compelling those persons,

or to aid another employer in compelling

persons employed by him, to accept terms or

conditions of or affecting employment; and

(c) a strike or lock-out shall not be deemed to be

calculated to coerce the Government unless

such coercion ought reasonably to be expected

as a consequence thereof.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland,

except that the provisions of this Act relating to civil

servants shall apply to civil servants employed in Northern

Ireland in the administration of services with respect to

which the Parliament of Northern Ireland has not power

to make laws.

(4) The enactments mentioned in the Second

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent

specified in the third column of that Schedule.

Y

338

Ch. 22.

Section 4.

Trade Disputes 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

and Trade Unions Act, 1927.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Political Fund Contribution Notice.

Name of Trade Union.

Name of member’s branch (if any) .

Political Fund (Contribution Notice).

I hereby give notice that I am willing, and agree, to contribute to the Political Fund of the

Union and I understand that I shall, in consequence, be liable

to contribute to that Fund and shall continue to be so liable

unless I deliver at the head office, or some branch office, of the

Union a written notice of withdrawal: I also understand that

after delivering such a notice of withdrawal I shall still continue

to be liable to contribute to the political fund until the next

following first day of January.

A

B

Address..

Membership number (if any)

day of

19.

1927. Trade Disputes and Ch. 22, 23. 339

Trade Unions Act, 1927.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 8.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

Trade Union Act,

In subsection (1) of section

e. 30.

1913.

three the words from "and

" for the exemption" to

"objects to contribute";

subsection (2) of section four;

section five; section six;

the Schedule.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to incorporate the Commissioners of Crown

Lands; to amend the Law relating to the powers

and duties of the said Commissioners in respect

of the possessions and land revenues of the Crown

under their management; to provide for the

transfer to the Gloucester Diocesan Board of

Finance of certain moneys held by the said

Commissioners for ecclesiastical purposes in

that diocese; and for purposes connected with

the matters aforesaid.

[29th July 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Incorporation of Commissioners of Crown Lands.

1.—(1) The persons for the time being holding office Incorpora-

as Commissioners of Crown Lands shall by that name Won of

be a body corporate for all purposes, and as such may Comnns-

exercise all the powers and shall perform all the duties oTcrown

which immediately before the commencement of this Act Lands.

340

Ch. 23.

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 21.

Powers of

sale.

were to be exercised and performed by any person as a

Commissioner of Crown Lands.

(2) The Commissioners of Crown Lands shall have

an official seal which shall be officially and judicially

noticed, and the seal of the Commissioners shall be

authenticated, and any document requiring to be signed

by or on behalf of the Commissioners shall be signed

by a Commissioner, or by a secretary of the Office of the Commissioners of Crown Lands, or by some person

authorised by the Commissioners to act on behalf of a

secretary of that Office.

(3) Any document purporting to be sealed or signed

in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this section

shall, unless the contrary be proved, be deemed to have

been duly sealed or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners of Crown Lands without proof of the official

character or handwriting of the person appearing to have

authenticated the seal or signed the document.

(4) References in any Act which are, by virtue of

section four of the Forestry (Transfer of Woods) Act,

1923, and of the Forestry (Title of Commissioners of

Woods) Order, 1924, to be construed as references to

the Commissioners of Crown Lands or to any such

Commissioner shall be construed as references to those

Commissioners as incorporated by this Act, and all

property, rights and powers which, immediately before

the commencement of this Act, were by virtue of any

document vested in any person as a Commissioner of

Crown Lands or, having been so vested in any person as

a Commissioner of Crown Lands or as a Commissioner

of Woods, had devolved upon his legal personal representatives, are hereby transferred to, and vested in the

Commissioners of Crown Lands on behalf of His Majesty

in the same manner as if that body corporate had been

contracted with instead of such Commissioner as aforesaid, and as if the name thereof had been inserted in the

document instead of the name of such Commissioner as

aforesaid.

Powers as to Sale of Crown Lands.

2. The Commissioners of Crown Lands—

(i) May sell any Crown land or any easement,

right or privilege of any kind over or in

relation to Crown land; and

1927.

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

341

(ii) Where any Crown land comprises a manor,

may sell the seignory of any freehold land

within the manor, with or without any

exception or reservation of all or any mines

or minerals, or of any rights or powers relative

to mining purposes, so as in everjr such case

to effect an extinguishment of the manorial

incidents.

3. — (1) Save as hereinafter provided, every sale Regulations

shall he made for the best consideration in money that respecting

in the opinion of the Commissioners of Crown Lands sa es *

can reasonably be obtained.

(2) A sale may be made in consideration wholly

or partially of a perpetual rent, or a terminable rent

consisting of principal and interest combined, payable

yearly or half yearly to be secured upon the land sold,

or the land to which the easement, right or privilege

sold is to be annexed in enjoyment or an adequate part

thereof:

In the case of a terminable rent, the conveyance

shall distinguish the part attributable to principal and

that attributable to interest, and the part attributable to

principal shall be carried to the account of the capital

of the land revenue of the Crown:

Provided that, unless the part of the terminable

rent attributable to interest varies according to the

amount of the principal repaid, the Commissioners of

Crown Lands shall, during the subsistence of the rent,

accumulate the income of the said capital money in the

way of compound interest by investing it and the

resulting income thereof in securities authorised for

the investment of capital money and shall add the

accumulations to capital.

(3) The rent to be reserved on any such sale shall

be the best rent that, in the opinion of the Commissioners

of Crown Lands, can reasonably be obtained, regard

being had to any money paid as part of the consideration,

or laid out, or to be laid out, for the benefit of any

Crown land, and generally to the circumstances of the

case, but a peppercorn rent, or a nominal or other rent

less than the rent ultimately payable, may be made

payable during any period not exceeding five years from

the date of the conveyance.

342

Ch. 23.

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to

lease.

Regulations

respecting

leases

generally.

(4) Where a sale is made in consideration of a

rent, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(i) The conveyance shall contain a covenant by

the purchaser for payment of the rent, and,

without prejudice to any other right or method

of recovery, the statutory powers and remedies

for the recovery of the rent shall apply;

(ii) A duplicate of the conveyance shall be executed

by the purchaser and delivered to the Commissioners of Crown Lands, of which execution

and delivery the execution of the conveyance

by the Commissioners of Crown Lands shall be

sufficient evidence;

(iii) A statement, contained in the conveyance or in

an indorsement thereon, signed by the Commissioners of Crown Lands, respecting any

matter‘of fact or of calculation under this Act

in relation to the sale, shall, in favour of the

purchaser and of those claiming under him, be

sufficient evidence of the matter stated.

(5) A sale may be made in one lot or in several

lots, and either by auction or by private contract, and

may be made subject to any stipulations respecting

title, or evidence of title, or other things.

(6) On a sale the Commissioners of Crown Lands

may fix reserve biddings and may buy in at an auction.

Poicers as to Leasing Crown Lands.

4. The Commissioners of Crown Lands may lease any

Crown land, or any easement, right, or privilege of any

kind over or in relation to the land, for any purpose

whatever, whether involving waste or not, for any term

not exceeding one hundred years from the date on which

the lease is made or, in the case of a lease made in pursuance of a previous contract, from the date on which

the contract was made.

5. — (1) Save as hereinafter provided, every lease—

(i) shall be by deed, and be made to take effect

in possession not later than twelve months

after its date or in reversion after an existing

lease having not more than twenty-one years

to run at the date of the new lease;

1927.

Croum Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

343

(ii) shall reserve the best rent that, in the opinion

of the Commissioners of Crown Lands, can

reasonably be obtained, regard being had to

any fine taken, and to any money laid out or

to be laid out for the benefit of any Crown

land, and generally to the circumstances

of the case;

(iii) shall contain a covenant by the lessee for

payment of the rent, and a condition of

re-entry on the rent not being paid within

a time therein specified not exceeding thirty

days.

(2) A counterpart of every lease shall be executed

by the lessee and delivered to the Commissioners of

Croum Lands, of which execution and delivery the

execution of the lease by the Commissioners of Crown

Lands shall be sufficient evidence.

(3) A statement, contained in a lease or in an

indorsement thereon, signed by the Commissioners of

Crown Lands, respecting any matter of fact or of

calculation under this Act in relation to the lease, shall,

in favour of the lessee and of those claiming under him,

be sufficient evidence of the matter stated.

(4) The Commissioners of Croum Lands shall have

power to take a fine of such amount as they think fit on

the grant of any lease under any power conferred by

this Act, but a fine received on the grant of any such

lease for any term exceeding thirty years shall be

carried to the account of the capital of the land revenue

of the Crown.

(5) A lease at the best rent that, in the opinion of the Commissioners of Croum Lands, can be reasonably

obtained without fine and whereby the lessee is not

exempted from punishment for waste, may be made

where the term does not extend beyond three years

from the date of the writing, by any writing under hand

only containing an agreement instead of a covenant by

the lessee for payment of rent.

6.—(1) Every building lease shall be made partly

in consideration of the lessee, or some person by whose

direction the lease is granted, or some other person,

having erected or agreeing to erect buildings, new or

additional, or having improved or repaired or agreeing

Regulations

respecting

building

leases.

344

Ch. 23.

Crown Lands Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

to improve or repair buildings, or having executed or

agreeing to execute on the land leased, an improvement

authorised in accordance with the provisions of this Act for or in connexion with building purposes.

(2) A peppercorn rent or a nominal or other rent

less than the rent ultimately payable, may be made

payable for the first five years or any less part of the

term.

(3) Where the land is contracted to be leased in lots,

the entire amount of rent to be ultimately payable may

be apportioned among the lots in any manner:

Provided that—

(i) the annual rent reserved by any lease shall not

be less than ten shillings; and

(ii) the total amount of the rents reserved on all

leases for the time being granted shall not be

less than the total amount of the rents which,

in order that the leases may be in conformity

Avith this Act, ought to be reserved in

respect of the Avhole land for the time being

leased.

Regulations

respecting

mining

leases.

7.—(1) In a mining lease—

(i) the rent may be made to be ascertainable by

or to vary according to the acreage Avorked,

or by or according to the quantities of any

mineral or substance gotten, made merchantable, converted, carried aAvay, or disposed of,

in or from the land comprised in the lease,

or any other land, or by or according to any

facilities given in that behalf; and

(ii) the rent may also be made to vary according

to the price of the minerals or substances

gotten, or any of them, and such price may

be the saleable value, or the price or value

appearing in any trade or market or other

price list or return from time to time, or may

be the marketable value as ascertained in

any manner prescribed by the lease (including

a reference to arbitration), or may be an

a\'erage of any such prices or A'alues taken

during a specified period; and

(iii) a fixed or minimum rent may be made

payable, AAith or Avithout power for the lessee.

1927.

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

345

in case the rent, according to acreage or

quantity or otherwise, in any specified period

does not produce an amount equal to the

fixed or minimum rent, to make up the

deficiency in any subsequent specified period,

free of rent other than the fixed or minimum

rent.

(2) A lease may be made partly in consideration of the lessee having executed, or agreeing to execute, on

the land leased an improvement authorised in accordance

with the provisions of this Act, for or in connexion

with mining purposes.

Miscellaneous Powers as to Crown Lands.

8. A sale, exchange, lease or other authorised

disposition, may be made either of land, with or without

an exception or reservation of all or any of the mines

and minerals therein, or of any mines and minerals, and

in any such case with or without a grant or reservation

of powers of w orking, wayleaves or rights of way, rights

of water and drainage, and other powers, easements,

rights, and privileges for or incident to or connected

with mining purposes, in relation to any Crown land.

9. —(1) For the development, improvement, or

general benefit of any Crowm land the Commissioners of

Crown Lands may make a grant in fee simple or

absolutely, or a lease for any term authorised by this Act,

for a nominal price or rent, or for less than the best price

or rent that can reasonably be obtained, or gratuitously,

to any statutory authority, of any water or streams or

springs of water in, upon, or under the Crown land, and

of any rights of taking, using, enjoying and conveying

w r ater, and of laying, constructing, maintaining, and

repairing mains, pipes, reservoirs, dams, weirs and other

works of any kind proper for the supply and distribution

of w T ater, and of any part of the Crowm land required

as a site for any of the aforesaid works, and of any

easement, right or privilege over or in relation to the

Crown land or any part thereof in connexion with any

of the aforesaid works.

(2) This section does not authorise the creation of

any greater rights than could have been created by a

Separate

dealing with

surface and

minerals,

with or

without

wayleaves,

&c.

Power to

grant water

rights to

statutory

bodies.

346

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Ch. 23. Crown Lands Act, 1927.

person absolutely entitled for his own benefit to the

land affected.

(3) In this section " statutory authority" means an

authority or company for the time being empowered by

any Act of Parliament, public general, or local or private,

or by any order or certificate having the force of an

Act of Parliament, to provide with a supply of water any

town, parish or place in which the Crown land or any

part thereof is situated.

(4) All money, not being rent, received on the

exercise of any power conferred by this section shall be

carried to the account of the capital of the land revenues

of the Crown.

Power to

grant land

for public

and charitable purposes.

10. —(1) For the development, improvement, or

general benefit of any Crown land the Commissioners

of Crown Lands may, with the consent of His Majesty

signified under the Royal Sign Manual, make a grant

in fee simple, or absolutely, or a lease for any term

authorised by this Act, for a nominal price or rent, or

for less than the best price or rent that can reasonably

be obtained, or gratuitously, of any Crown land, with

or without any easement, right or privilege over or in

relation to any Crown land, for all or any one or more

of the following purposes, namely :—

(i) For the site, or the extension of any existing

site, of a place of religious worship, residence for

a minister of religion, school house, town hall,

market house, public library, public baths,

museum, hospital, infirmary, or other public

building, literary or scientific institution, drill

hall, working-men’s club, parish room, reading

room or village institute, with or without in any

case any yard, garden, or other ground to be

held with any such building; or

(ii) For the construction, enlargement, or improvement of any railway, canal, road (public or

private), recreation ground, dock, sea-wall,

embankment, drain, watercourse, or reservoir;

or

(iii) For any other public or charitable purpose in

connexion with any Crown land, or tending to

the benefit of the persons residing, or for whom

dwellings may be erected, on any Crown land:

1927-

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

347

Not more than one acre shall in any particular

case be conveyed for any purpose mentioned in paragraphs (i) and (iii) of this subsection, nor more than five

acres for any purpose mentioned in paragraph (ii) of this subsection, unless the full consideration be paid or

reserved in respect of the excess.

(2) All money, not being rent, received on the

exercise of any power conferred by this section shall be

carried to the account of the capital of the land revenues

of the Crown.

11 .—(1)On or after or in connexion with a sale Dedication

or grant for building purposes, or a building lease, or f° r streets,

the development as a building estate of any Crown land, °P en s P aces ’

the Commissioners of Crown Lands, for the general

benefit of the residents on the Crown land, or on any

part thereof— *

(i) may, with the consent of His Majesty signified

in writing under the Royal Sign Manual,

cause or require any parts of the Crown land

tb be appropriated and laid out for streets,

roads, paths, squares, gardens, or other open

spaces, for the use, gratuitously or on payment,

of the public or of individuals, with sewers,

drains, watercourses, fencing, paving, or other

works necessary or proper in connexion therewith; and

(ii) may provide that the parts so appropriated shall

be conveyed to or vested in trustees, or any

company or public body, on trusts or subject to

provisions for securing the continued appropriation thereof to the purposes aforesaid, and the

continued repair or maintenance of streets and

other places and works aforesaid, with or without provision for appointment of new trustees

when required; and

(iii) may execute any general or other deed necessary

or proper for giving effect to the provisions

of this section and thereby declare the mode,

terms, and conditions of the appropriation, and

the manner in which and the persons by whom

the benefit thereof is to be enjoyed, and the

nature and extent of the privileges and conveniences granted.

348

Ch. 23.

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to

make agreements in

connexion

with town

planning

schemes.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 16.

Power to

exchange

houses in

Royal

Parks, &c.

for other

houses.

(2) All money, not being rent, received on the exercise of any power conferred by this section shall be

carried to the account of the capital of the land revenues

of the Crown.

12. For the purpose of co-operating with any local

authority preparing a town planning scheme under the

Town Planning Act, 1925, or with the responsible

authority for any town planning scheme made under

that Act, the Commissioners of Crown Lands may,

subject to the approval of the Treasury, enter into

agreements with respect to any Crown land adjacent

to land included or proposed to be included in the

scheme, for securing that the Crown land shall, so far

as may be provided by any such agreement, be laid out

and used in conformity with the general objects of the

scheme.

13 . — (1)With the consent of His Majesty, signified

in writing under the Royal Sign Manual, the Treasury

may by order—

(a) empower the Commissioners of Crown Lands to

lease any house under their management within

the Royal forests, parks or chases to which the

powers of the Commissioners as to leasing do

not at the time being extend; or

(b) transfer from the Commissioners of Works to the

Commissioners of Crown Lands the management

of any house within any of the Royal forests,

parks or chases which is, at the time being,

under the management of the first-mentioned

Commissioners.

(2) Upon the making of any order under this section,

the provisions of this Act relating to powers as to leasing

Crown lands shall by virtue of the order extend to any

house in respect of which the order is made.

(3) Arrangements may, subject to the approval of the Treasury, be made by the Commissioners of Crown

Lands for placing at the disposal of His Majesty

any house forming part of the possessions and land

revenues of the Crown under their management, in

exchange for any house which the Commissioners are

empowered to lease by virtue of an order made under

1927.

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

349

this section, and any arrangements so made shall make

such provision for equalising the exchange as the Treasury

thinks proper: upon any house being placed at the

disposal of His Majesty in accordance with arrangements

made under this subsection the powers of the Commissioners as to leasing shall cease to extend to the

house, but without prejudice to the power of the

Treasury to make any subsequent order under this

section in respect thereof.

(4) In this section the expression "house " includes

any garden or portion of ground attached to and usually

occupied with the house or otherwise required for the

amenity or convenience thereof.

14 . — (1)Subject to the provisions of this Act

relating to Treasury authorisation, the Commissioners of

Crown Lands—

(i) may contract to make any sale or other

disposition authorised by this Act; and

(ii) may vary or rescind, with or without consideration, the contract, but so that the

contract as varied be in conformity with this Act; and

Power for

Commissioners of

Crown

Lands to

enter into

contracts.

(iii) may contract to make any lease, and in

making the lease may vary the terms, with

or without consideration, but so that the

lease be in conformity with this Act; and

(iv) may accept a surrender of a contract for a

lease or a grant in fee simple at a rent, in

like manner and on the like terms in and on

which they might accept a surrender of a

lease, and thereupon may make a new or

other contract for or relative to a lease or

leases, or a grant or grants in fee simple

at a rent, in like manner and on the like

terms in and on which they might make a

new or other lease or grant, or new or other

leases or grants, where a lease or a grant in

fee simple at a rent had been executed; and

(v) may enter into a contract for or relating to

the execution of any improvement authorised

in accordance with the provisions of this

350

Ch. 23.

Crown Lands Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Power to

pay for

improvements out

of capital.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 18.

Amendments of

10 Geo. 4.

c. 50.

Act, and may vary or rescind any such

contract; and

(vi) may, in any other case, enter into a contract

to do any act for carrying into effect any of the purposes of this Act, and may vary or

rescind any such contract.

(2) All money, not being rent, received on the

exercise by the Commissioners of Crown Lands of the

powers conferred by this section, shall, unless the

Treasury otherwise directs, be carried to the account of the capital of the land revenues of the Crown.

Powers as to Improvements.

15 . The Treasury may by any general or special

directions given by them authorise the Commissioners

of Crown Lands to charge as a principal sum to the

account of the capital of the land revenues of the Crown

the costs, charges and expenses incurred by them in

the making or execution of, or in connection with and

for the benefit of Crown lands of any of the works

mentioned in the Third Schedule to the Settled Land Act,

1925, or of any works for any of the purposes mentioned

in that schedule, and any operation incident to or

necessary or proper in the execution of any of those

works, or necessary or proper for carrying into effect

any of those purposes, or for securing the full benefit of

any of those works or purposes; and the Treasury may

if they think fit direct that any sums paid out of capital

in accordance with such authorisation as aforesaid shall

be repaid out of the income of the land revenues of the

Crown within such time and by such instalments as

they may direct.

Amendments of Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1894.

16 . — (1)Section seventy-seven of the Crown Lands

Act, 1829, and so much of any other enactment as

confers an exemption from stamp duty in respect of

any instrument or other document whatsoever on the

ground that it is made or executed by or with the

Commissioners of Crown Lands, shall cease to have

effect.

1927.

Crown Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

351

(2) Section eighty of the Crown Lands Act, 1829

(which requires any person appointed to be a receiver

of the issue, revenues and profits of the possessions

and land revenues of the Crown to be by profession

a surveyor of lands or land steward, and accustomed

to act as such, or otherwise skilled in the management

and cultivation of lands and to reside in the district

for which he is appointed), and section eighty-five of the said Act (which requires any person appointed to

be a receiver as aforesaid to give security) shall cease

to have effect.

17 . —(1) So much of section seven of the Crown

Lands Act, 1851, as requires officers appointed after the

commencement of that Act for the Department of the

Commissioners of Crown Lands to be appointed by the

Treasury, shall cease to have effect, and all such officers

may subject to the consent of the Treasury be appointed

by the Commissioners of Crown Lands.

(2) For the purpose of removing doubts, it is

hereby declared that the powers of management conferred upon the Commissioners of Crown Lands by

section twenty-three of the Crown Lands Act, 1851, with

respect to all such houses, gardens and portions of

ground within any of the Royal Parks referred to in

that section and mentioned in the foregoing provisions

of that Act as were at the date of the passing of that

Act leased or agreed to be leased, shall be deemed

always to have included power, notwithstanding anything in section twenty-five of the Crown Lands Act,

1829, to grant from time to time upon the termination

of any lease a new lease of any such house, garden or

portion of ground as aforesaid.

18 . For the purpose of removing doubts, it is hereby

declared that the power conferred by section five of the

Crown Lands Act, 1852, on the Commissioners of Crown

Lands to make a sale, exchange, or other conveyance of

Crown lands subject to conditions includes power to

make any such conveyance subject to a condition of

re-entry exer ciseable for any reason, and any right arising

from a breach of such a condition may, notwithstanding

anything in any Act, be exercised either before or after

the expiration of the period authorised by the rule

relating to perpetuities.

Amendments of

14 & 15 Vict.

c. 42.

Explanation

of 15 & 16

Vict. c. 62.

s. 5.

352

Ch. 23.

Croivn Lands Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of 57 & 58

Vict. e. 43.

s. 5.

Transfer to

Gloucester

Diocesan

Board of

Finance of

trust funds

held by

Commis-

sioners of

Crown

Lands and

Bishop of

Gloucester

under 5 & 6

Vict. c. 65.

19. The power conferred on the Commissioners of

Crown Lands by section five of the Crown Lands Act,

1894, to make, with the consent of the Treasury, out of the income of the land revenues of the Crown, donations

of money for any religious or educational purposes

connected with land under the management of the Commissioners, or for the purposes of any hospital, infirmary,

or cemetery, shall be extended so as to permit the

making, with the like consent, of such donations

for any charitable or other purposes tending to the benefit

of persons residing or employed on land under the

management of the Commissioners.

Miscellaneous.

20. Whereas under an Act passed in the fifth and

sixth years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen

Victoria intituled an Act to divide the Forest of Dean

in the County of Gloucester into Ecclesiastical districts,

a sum of one thousand three hundred and thirty-three

pounds six shillings and eightpence two and a half per

cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities is held by the Commissioners of Crown Lands and the Bishop of Gloucester

upon trust to apply the dividends thereof as a fund

for the maintaining and repairing of the fabrics of the

chapels of Christ Church, Holy Trinity, Saint Paul, and

of a chapel at Cinderford, in the respective Ecclesiastical

districts in that Act mentioned:

And whereas it is expedient that the said investments

should be transferred to the Gloucester Diocesan Board

of Finance:

Be it therefore enacted as follows:—

(1) The Commissioners of Crown Lands and

the said Bishop may transfer the said sum

of Bank Annuities, together with any sums

in their hands representing accumulated interest thereon, to the Gloucester Diocesan

Board of Finance, and thereupon the said

sums shall be held and administered by that

Board upon and subject to the same trusts

as it was theretofor held and administered

by the Commissioners of Crown Lands and

the said Bishop:

1927.

Grown Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

353

Provided that the said Board may at any

time at their discretion vary the investment

of the said sum into or for any investments

in which trustees are by law authorised to

invest trust money.

(2) A request in writing addressed to the Bank

of England under the seal of the said Commissioners and under the hand and seal of the said Bishop shall be sufficient authority

to the Bank for the said transfer.

General.

21. —(1) No purchase or sale, except a purchase or Treasury

sale where the purchase money does not exceed one authorisa-

thousand pounds, and no exchange, lease or grant (not tion -

being a sale excepted as aforesaid) shall be made by the

Commissioners of Crown Lands under any of the powers

conferred on them by the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to

1906, or this Act, without the authority of the Treasury.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the authority of the Treasury may be given either generally for any class

of case or for any particular purchase, sale, exchange,

lease or grant, and may be signified under the hand of a

secretary to the Treasury or of some person authorised

in that behalf by the Treasury.

22. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpre-

requires, the following expressions have the meanings tation.

hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say :—

" Building purposes " include the erecting and

the improving of, and the adding to, and the

repairing of buildings; and a " building lease "

is a lease for any building purposes or purposes

connected therewith;

" Crown land" means the possessions and land

revenues of the Crown under the management of the Commissioners of Crown Lands;

" Disposition " and " conveyance " include a lease,

release, and every other assurance of property

or of an interest therein by any instrument

except a will, and " convey " has a corresponding meaning;

" Land " includes land of any tenure, and mines

and minerals whether or not held apart from

Z

354

Ch. 23.

Crown Lands Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

the surface, buildings or parts of buildings

(whether the division is horizontal, vertical or

made in any other way) and other corporeal

hereditaments; also a manor, an advowson,

and a rent and other corporeal hereditaments,

and an easement, right, privilege, or benefit

in, over, or derived from land, and any estate

or interest in land not being an undivided

share in land;

" Lease " includes an agreement for a lease;

" Manor " includes lordship, and reputed manor

or lordship; and " manorial incident " has the

12 & 13 same meaning as in the Law of Property Act,

Geo. 5. c. 16. 1922;

" Mines and minerals " mean mines and minerals

whether already opened or in work or not, and

include all minerals and substances in, on, or

under the land, obtainable by underground or by

surface working; and "mining purposes" include the sinking and searching for, winning,

working, getting, making merchantable, smelting

or otherwise converting or working for the

purposes of any manufacture, carrying away,

and disposing of mines and minerals, in or under

the Crown land, or any other land, and the

erection of buildings, and the execution of

engineering and other works suitable for those

purposes; and a " mining lease " is a lease for

any mining purposes or purposes connected

therewith, and includes a grant or licence for

any mining purposes;

" Property " includes any thing in action, and any

interest in real or personal property;

" Rent " includes yearly or other rent, and toll,

duty, royalty, or other reservation, by the

acre, or the ton, or otherwise; and, in relation

to rent, " payment " includes delivery; and

" fine " includes premium or fore-gift, and any

payment, consideration, or benefit in the nature

of a fine, premium, or fore-gift.

(2) The powers conferred on the Commissioners of

Crown Lands by this Act shall be in addition to and

not in derogation of the powers conferred on them by

the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1906, and, except where

1927.

Grown Lands Act, 1927.

Ch. 23.

355

the context otherwise requires, references in those Acts

to the powers of the Commissioners as to sale, exchange

and leasing of Crown lands, and as to improvements,

and references therein to sales, exchanges and leases

authorised by those Acts, shall be construed as including

references to the powers conferred, and to sales,

exchanges and leases authorised by this Act.

23. Subject as hereinafter provided, the powers conferred by this Act upon the Commissioners of Crown

Lands shall not extend to any land being part or parcel

of the Royal forests, parks or chases:

Provided that the provisions of this Act as to leasing

Crown lands shall extend to any houses, gardens and

portions of ground to which the powers of the Commissioners as to leasing extended immediately before

the commencement of this Act or to which they are

extended by virtue of an order made under this Act.

24 . It is hereby declared that nothing in this Act

affects any rights, exemptions, powers or duties of the

Board of Trade or of the Forestry Commissioners or,

except as otherwise expressly provided, of the Commissioners of Works, under any enactment repealed by this Act or otherwise.

25. In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) the power to sell shall be construed to include

power to grant a feu, and

(b) the expression "easement " shall mean " servitude, " and

(c) a reference to the Town Planning (Scotland)

Act, 1925, shall be substituted for the

reference to the Town Planning Act, 1925.

26 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Crown Lands

Act, 1927; and the Crown Lands Acts, 1829 to 1906 and

this Act may be cited together as the Crown Lands

Acts, 1829 to 1927.

(2) The enactments set out in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the

third column of that Schedule.

Saving as

to Royal

forests, & c -

Saving a 9 to

Board of 1

Trade and

Forestry

Commissioners.

Application

to Scotland.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 17.

Short title,

citation and

repeals.

356

Ch. 23.

Crown Lands Act, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE.

Section 26.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and j

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

10 Geo. 4.

The Crown Lands

Section sixteen; section twenty-

c. 50.

Act, 1829.

two; section twenty-three;

section twenty-four; section

twenty-five; section twenty-

six; section twenty-seven; section twenty- eight; section

twenty-nine; section thirty;

section thirty-one; section-

thirty-two; section thirty-

three; section thirty - four;

section sixty; section seventy-

seven; section eighty; section

eighty-five.

8 & 9 Vict.

The Crown Lands

In section five the words "without

c. 99.

Act, 1845.

stamp."

14 & 15 Vict.

The Crown Lands

In section seven the words "by

c. 42.

Act, 1851.

" the Commissioners of Her

" Majesty’s Treasury."

29 & 30 Vict.

The Crown Lands

Section one; section three.

e. 62.

Act, 1866.

36 & 37 Vict.

The Crown Lands

Section four.

c. 36.

Act, 1873.

48 & 49 Vict.

The Crown Lands

Section three.

c. 79.

Act, 1885.

57 & 58 Vict.

The Crown Lands

Section two.

c. 43.

Act, 1894.

6 Edw. 7.

The Crown Lands

Section four.

c. 28.

Act, 1906.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

The Crown Lands

The whole Act.

c. 8.

Act, 1913.

1927.

Government of India Ch. 24, 25.

(Statutory Commission) Act, 1927.

357

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend section 84a of the Government

of India Act with respect to the time for the

appointment of a Statutory Commission thereunder.

[23rd November 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In section 84 a of the Government of India Act

(which relates to the appointment of a statutory commission for the purpose of inquiring into the working

of the system of government and other matters), for

the words "At the expiration of ten years " there shall

be substituted the words "Within ten years."

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Government

of India (Statutory Commission) Act, 1927.

(2) Subsection (2) of section forty-five of the

Government of India Act, 1919 (which relates to the

printing of the Government of India Act), shall have

effect as if herein re-enacted and in terms made

applicable to the amendment of the Government of

India Act effected by this Act.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine

hundred and twenty-eight, and to appropriate

the further Supplies granted in this Session of

Parliament.

[22nd December 1927.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland in Parliament assembled,

Time for

appointment of

statutory

commission.

Short title

and printing.

9 & 10 Geo.

c. 101.

358 Ch. 25. Appropriation (No. 2) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully

granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament,

have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, as

follows:—

Grant out op Consolidated Fund.

issue of 1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

3, 990,000 Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making

out of the good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of

dated Fund ^he y ear ending on the thirty-first day of March, one

thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight, the sum of

three million nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds.

Power for 2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

the Treasury by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank

to borrow. Q | England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the

Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums

not exceeding in the whole three million nine hundred

and ninety thousand pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills

issued under this section shall be a date not later than

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred

40 & 41 Vict, and twenty-eight, and section six of the Treasury Bills

o. 2. Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall

not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce

of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than

the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money

was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer,

and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund,

and be available in any manner in which such Fund is

available.

1927.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 25.

359

Appropriation op Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act out of the said

Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply

granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by

Schedule (A), in the aggregate, to the sum of three

million nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, are

appropriated for the services and purposes expressed in

Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed

hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any

money directed under section two of the Public Accounts

and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set

forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. —(1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on

military services is not made to exceed the aggregate

sums appropriated by this Act and by the Appropriation Act, 1927, for those services, any surplus arising on

any vote for those services, either by an excess of the

sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the

vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act

as appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of

expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the

Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up

any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department,

or in defraying expenditure in the same department

which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to

the service of the department by this Act, and which

it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone

until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the

usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the

sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary

application of a surplus under this section, and showing

the circumstances under -which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts of the

Appropriation of sums

voted for

supply services.

54 & 55 Vict,

o. 24.

Treasury

may, in certain cases of

exigency,

authorise

expenditure

unprovided

for; provided that

the aggregate grants

for the army

services be

not exceeded.

17 & 18

Geo. 5. c. 11.

360

Ch. 25.

Short title.

Section 3.

Section 3.

Appropriation (No. 2) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

military services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the

Treasury under this section may be submitted for the

sanction of Parliament.

5. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1927.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ s. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - - 3, 990,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)— Appropriation of Grants.

1927.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations in Aid.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

Part 1.—Army (Supplementary), 1927

3, 090,000 0 0

- 75,000 0 0'

Part 2.—(Supplementary), 1927

900,000 0 0

Total

3, 990,000 0 0

— 75,000 0 0 *

* Deficit.

1927. Appropriation (No. 2) Ch. 25.

Act, 1927.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out op the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1928 :—

£ s. d.

Under this Act ---- 3, 990,000 0 0

Total. 3, 990,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 1.

Army (Supplementary), 1927.

Schedule of further amount granted to meet the excess cost

involved in the employment of extra troops in China during

the year ending 31st March 1928, not provided for in the

Army Estimates of the year.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropria-

Grants.

tions in Aid.

Vote 1.—Pay, &c., of the Army

386,000

Vote 2.—Territorial Army and Reserve

Forces ----

Cr. 48,000

Vote 3.—Medical Services -

94,000

Vote 5.—Quartering and Movements

1, 334,000

— *98,000

Vote 6. —Supplies, Road Transport and

Remounts ----

301,000

15,000

Vote 7.—Clothing -

116,000

Vote 8.—General Stores -

105,000

8,000

Vote 9.—Warlike and Engineer Technical Stores -

121,000

Vote 10.—Works, Buildings and Lands -

499,000

Vote 11.—Miscellaneous Effective Services -

170,000

Vote 12.—War Office - -

12,000

3, 090,000

— *75,000

1

361

SCHED. (A.)

SCHED. (B.)

Part 1.

* Deficit.

362

Ch. 25, 26.

SCKRD. (B.)

Fast 2.

Power to

refer cases

of persons

convicted

on or before

31st October 1926.

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 15.

Appropriation (No. 2) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 2.

Civil (Supplementary), 1927.

Schedule of Supplementary Sum granted to defray the

Charge for the Service herein particularly mentioned for the

Year ending on the 31st day of March 1928, viz.:—

CIVIL.

Class VI. Supply Grants.

Sum not exceeding

For a subsidy on sugar and molasses manufactured from beet grown in Great

Britain ---- 900,000

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Criminal

Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, with regard to the

power of the Secretary of State to refer a case,

or any point arising therein, to the High Court

of Justiciary.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, as follows:—

1. Notwithstanding anything contained in section

nineteen of the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926,

the power conferred on the Secretary of State by section

sixteen of that Act to refer a case, or any point arising

therein, to the High Court of Justiciary shall be exer-

ciseable in the case of a person convicted on or before

the thirty-first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-six, in like manner as if he had been convicted

after that date.

2. This Act may be cited as the Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act, 1927.

Short title.

1927.

Protection of Animals

(. Amendment) Act, 1927.

Ch. 27, 28.

363

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the Protection of Animals

Act, 1911.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For the proviso of section eight of the Protection

of Animals Act, 1911, there shall be substituted the

following proviso, that is to say :—

Provided that, in any proceedings under

paragraph (b) of this section, it shall be a defence

that the poison was placed by the accused for

the purpose of destroying insects and other

invertebrates, rats, mice, or other small ground

vermin, where such is found to be necessary in

the interests of public health, agriculture, or the

preservation of other animals, domestic or wild,

or for the purpose of manuring the land, and that

he took all reasonable precautions to prevent injury

thereby to dogs, cats, fowls, or other domestic

animals and wild birds.

Poisoned

grain and

flesh, &o.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 27.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Protection Short title

of Animals (Amendment) Act, 1927, and shall be con- and extent,

strued as one with the Protection of Animals Act, 1911,

and that Act and this Act may be cited together as the

Protection of Animals Acts, 1911 to 1927.

(2) Tin's Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain

local loans out of the Local Loans Fund.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

3G4 Ch. 28, 29. Public Works Loans 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

(No. 2) Act, 1927.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grants for 1 . — (1) There may be issued by the National Debt

public loans. Commissioners for the purpose of local loans by the

Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums

not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-five

million pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a

period ending on the day on which a further Act granting

money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation

50 & 51 Vict, and in accordance with the provisions of the National

c. 16. Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887.

[Short title.] 2. This Act may be cited as the Public Works

Loans (No. 2) Act, 1927.

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to restrict blind booking and advance

booking of cinematograph films, and to secure

the renting and exhibition of a certain proportion of British films, and for purposes connected

therewith.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Restrictions on Blind Booking and Advance

Booking of Films.

Restrictions

on blind

booking of

films.

1.—(1) As from the commencement of this Act,

no agreement shall be entered into to rent, or imposing

an obligation when called on to rent, for public

exhibition in Great Britain any film to which this Act

applies unless every such film to which the agreement

relates has been registered under this Act or a valid

application for the registration thereof has been made:

Provided that—

(a) this provision shall not apply to a film which

has been exhibited to exhibitors or to the

1927. Cinematograph Films Ch. 29. 365

Act, 1927.

public in Great Britain before the commencement of this Act; and

(b) in the case of a serial film or a series of films

within the meaning of this Act, it shall be

sufficient if any three parts thereof have been

registered or a valid application for the registration of three parts thereof has been made.

(2) In the case of a film which has not been previously

exhibited to exhibitors or to the public in Great Britain,

this section shall not operate so as to prohibit the making

prior to the registration or application for registration

thereof of an agreement for the exhibition of the film in

one theatre only on a number of consecutive days.

2. —(1) As from the commencement of this Act, no Restrictions

agreement shall be entered into for the exhibition to the on advance

public in Great Britain at a date later than the expira- booking,

tion of the authorised period from the date of the agreement of any film to which this Act applies:

Provided that, in the case of a serial film or a series

of films within the meaning of this Act, the authorised

period shall apply only in respect of the date of exhibition

of the first three parts.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the authorised

period shall—

(a) in the case of an agreement made before the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, be twelve months;

(b) in the case of an agreement made on or after

the first day of October, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, and before the first day of

October, nineteen hundred and thirty, be nine

months;

(c) in the case of an agreement made on or after the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and

thirty, be six months.

3. If any person enters into an agreement in con- Penalty on

travention of this Part of this Act, or if any person contraven-

exhibits to the public in Great Britain a film the right tions -

to exhibit which has been acquired by him under any

such agreement, he shall be guilty of an offence and

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

fifty pounds, and any agreement in contravention of this

Part of this Act, wffierever made, shall be invalid.

366

Provisions

as to existing agreements.

Prohibition

against

exhibition of

unregistered

films.

Registration

of films.

Ch. 29. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

4. Any agreement entered into after the twenty-

fifth day of September, nineteen hundred and twenty-

six, and before the commencement of this Act which, if

entered into after the commencement of this Act would

be an invalid agreement under the foregoing provisions

of this Part of this Act, shall, if and so far as it affects

any films to which this Act applies to be delivered for

public exhibition in Great Britain after the thirty-first

day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,

cease to have effect on that day.

Part II.

Registration of Films.

5. —(1) On and after the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, no film to which this Act

applies, or, in the case of a serial film or a series of

films, no part thereof, shall be exhibited to the public

in Great Britain unless the film or the part thereof

exhibited has been registered in accordance with this

Part of this Act:

Provided that—

(a) a film in respect of which a provisional application for registration has been made may,

before registration, be exhibited at a series of

public exhibitions held at one theatre only on

consecutive days;

(b) the prohibition contained in this section shall

not apply to a film which has been exhibited

in Great Britain before the commencement

of this Act.

(2) If any person exhibits a film, or, in the case of a

serial film or a series of films, any part thereof, in

contravention of this section, he shall be guilty of an

offence and liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds for each day on which the film

or part has been so exhibited.

6. —(1) The Board of Trade shall keep a register of

films to which this Act applies, and shall enter therein

such particulars as may be prescribed; and the register

shall specify whether the film is registered as a British

film or a foreign film;

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

367

Provided that a film which ha3 been exhibited to

exhibitors or to the public in Great Britain before the

first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven, shall not be registered unless the Board of Trade,

after consultation ■with the advisory committee hereinafter mentioned, determine that the registration of the

film shall be allowed.

(2) The Board of Trade shall publish weekly in the

Board of Trade Journal lists of the films registered in

accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(3) An application to register a film shall be made

by or on behalf of the maker or renter of the film, and

shall be accompanied by the prescribed fee, and by such

information as the Board of Trade may require, and in

particular, where the application is for the registration

of the film as a British film, such information as may

be necessary to determine whether the film is a British

film.

(4) An application shall not be a valid application

unless the film has been trade shown, nor if more than

fourteen days have elapsed since it was trade shown:

Provided that—■

(a) a provisional application may be made before

a film has been trade shown, and in such case

on the film being trade shown within six

weeks after the lodging of the provisional

application, the provisional application shall

as from the date of the trade show become a

valid application;

(b) an application made more than fourteen days

after the film was trade shown may be

accepted by the Board as a valid application

if satisfied that the delay was due to special

circumstances and was not intentional.

(5) On the registration of a film, the Board shall

issue to the applicant a certificate of registration, and

the certificate shall state the length of the film and

whether the film is registered as a British film or a

foreign film.

7 . —(1) The register of films kept under this Act Inspection

shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any of register, 1

person on payment of the prescribed fee, and any person &0,

inspecting the register may make copies or extracts from

the register.

368 Ch. 29. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

(2) Any person may on payment of the prescribed

fee require to be furnished with a copy of any entry in

the register certified to be a true copy by an officer of the

Board of Trade appointed to keep the register.

(3) The registration of a film may be proved by the

production of a copy of the Board of Trade Journal

containing a notification of the registration of the film,

or of the certificate of registration, or of a certified copy

of the entry in the register relating to the film; and a

certificate purporting to be a certificate of registration or

a copy of any entry purporting to be certified as a true

copy by such officer as aforesaid shall in all legal

proceedings be evidence of the matters stated therein

without proof of the signature or authority of the person

signing it.

Correction 8.—(1) If the Board of Trade at any time have

of register, reason to believe that the length of a film has been or

has become incorrectly registered, or that a film has been

incorrectly registered as a British film, they may call for

such evidence as they think fit as to the correctness or

otherwise of the registration, and if satisfied that the film

has been or is incorrectly registered, they shall correct the

register and issue an amended certificate of registration.

(2) On the issue of an amended certificate, the former

certificate shall cease to have effect, except that the

Board of Trade may in any particular case allow the

film to be counted for the purposes of the provisions of

Part III. of this Act relating to renters’ and exhibitors ’

quotas as being of the length originally registered, or as

a British film, as the case may be.

Power to 9.—(1) If any person is aggrieved by the refusal

require of the Board of Trade to register a film, or to register a

reference to fj[m as a British film, or by a decision of the Board to

ig Court. correc t the registration of a film, the matter shall, subject

to rules of court, be referred by the Board of Trade to the

High Court for determination, and the decision of the

Court on any such reference shall be final and no appeal

shall he therefrom to any other court.

(2) Where the person aggrieved is a person whose

principal place of business is in Scotland, this section

shall apply as if the reference to the High Court were

a reference to the Court of Session.

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

369

10 . If the length of a film is altered to the extent

of more than ten per cent, thereof after an application

for registration thereof has been lodged or after the

registration thereof, it shall be the duty of the maker of the film or, if at the time of the alteration the film has

been acquired by a renter, the renter, to send to the

Board of Trade notice of the alteration, and if he fails

to do so, he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds.

11 . —(1) On every copy of a registered film there

shall be marked in the prescribed manner :—

(a) the registered number of the film;

(b) the person in whose name the film is registered;

(c) the registered length of the film;

(d) the words "registered as a British film " or

" registered as a foreign film, " as the case

may be:

Provided that it shall not be necessary to comply

with the above requirements in respect of any film if,

whenever a copy thereof is issued to an exhibitor for

exhibition to the public in Great Britain, an invoice containing such particulars as aforesaid is sent by the

renter to the exhibitor.

(2) If after copies of a film have been so marked or

invoices have been so sent, the registration of the film is

corrected in manner provided by this Part of this Act,

then—

(a) in the former case, a corresponding alteration

shall be made in all copies of the film; and

(b) in the latter case, new invoices containing the

correct particulars shall be sent.

(3) If any person fails to comply with any of the

provisions of this section, or issues a copy of any registered film incorrectly marked or any invoice containing

incorrect particulars, he shall be guilty of an offence, and

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding twenty pounds in respect of each copy.

A a

Provisions

as to altera *

tions of the

length of

films.

Marking of

registered

films.

370

Special provisions as to

serial films,

&c.

Provisions

as to

renters '

quota.

Ch. 29. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

12 . In the case of a serial film or a series of films,

the provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply subject

to the following modifications :—

(i) The separate parts of the film or series of films

shall be separately registered and each part shall

be treated as a separate film:

(ii) Where three parts of the film or series have

been trade shown, any other part may be

registered without having been trade shown

and notwithstanding that more than fourteen

days have elapsed since the said three parts

were trade shown:

Provided that, if the Board are at any time of

opinion that it is no longer desirable to dispense

with a trade show in the case of the remaining

parts of serial films and series of films, they may

make an order to that effect, and on the making

of the order this paragraph shall cease to apply.

Part III.

Provisions for securing Quota of British Films.

Renters' Quota.

13.—(1) In the year commencing on the first day

of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and ending

on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and in each of the nine succeeding years,

any person engaged in the business of renting registered

films to exhibitors for the purpose of public exhibition in

Great Britain (hereinafter referred to as a renter) shall

acquire for the purposes of such renting a total length

of registered British films representing at least such proportion of the total length of all registered films so

acquired by him in the year as is specified as respects

the year in Part I. of the First Schedule to this Act, and

such proportion is hereinafter referred to as the renters ’

quota, and if the films so acquired include both long films

(that is to say, films the rt gi.stered h ngth of which is

three thousand feet or upwards) and short films (that is

to say, films the registered length of which is less than

three thousand feet), the requirements of this section

must be satisfied as respects the long films so acquired

as well as respects all films so acquired.

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

371

(2) If in any such year a renter fails to comply

with the requirements of this Part of this Act as to the

renters’ quota, he shall be guilty of an offence, unless such

a certificate as is hereinafter mentioned has been issued

by the Board of Trade, or unless he proves to the

satisfaction of the court that the reasons for non-

compliance were reasons beyond his control.

(3) In this section, " registered British film " means

a British film which either at the time of its acquisition

by the renter is, or later within the same year becomes,

a' registered British film; and " registered film " means

a film which either at the date of its acquisition by the

renter is, or later within the same year becomes, a

registered film.

(4) If a fi l m is not registered at the time of its

acquisition by a renter, and is registered after the expiration of the year in which it is so a cquired, the film shall,

for the purposes of this Part of this Act, be treated as

if it had been acquired by the renter in the year in which

it is registered.

(5) Where a renter has in any such year acquired

any registered films and subsequently in the same year

his business as a renter, by assignment or will, or on

intestacy, or by operation of law, becomes vested in some

other licensed renter, that other renter and not the first-

mentioned renter shall for the purposes of the provisions

of this Part of this Act as to the renters’ quota be

deemed to have acquired the films.

14. Any number of renters, none of whom, or of Power of

whom not more than one, during any such year acquires small

for the purpose of renting to exhibitors more than six renters to

long registered films as hereinbefore defined, may, if the comljino '

Board of Trade consent, combine for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act relating to the

renters’ quota the total length of registered British films

so acquired by them in that year and the total length

of all registered films so acquired by them in that year,

and in such case if the total length of such registered

British films bears the proper proportion to the total

length of all such registered films, and the total length

of such long registered British films bears the proper

proportion to the total length of all such long registered

films, each renter shall as respects that year be deemed

372

Ch. 29.

Provisions

applicable

where same

film rented

by different

persons for

different

areas.

Prohibition

of counting

film more

than once

for quota

purposes.

Prohibition

against

carrying on

business of

renter unless

licensed.

Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

to have satisfied the provisions of this Part of this Act

as to the renters’ quota.

15. Any renter, whose business is limited to the

renting of films for exhibition exclusively in a limited

geographical area within Great Britain, may for the

purposes of his renters’ quota count any registered

British film for the renting of which in that area he

has acquired the exclusive right and which has not

been previously exhibited to the public in that area,

notwithstanding that the film has been already counted

for the purposes of the renters’ quota by some other

renter, being a renter who has acquired the exclusive

right to rent it for exhibition in some other limited

area, or in Great Britain exclusive of the first-mentioned

area.

16. No British film shall be counted more than once

for the purposes of the provisions of this Part of this Act

with respect to the renters’ quota, nor, save as hereinbefore expressly provided, shall any British film be

counted for the purposes aforesaid by more than one

renter:

Provided that, if a renter in any year acquires any

old British films and also acquires old foreign films, he

shall be entitled to count the old British films for the

purposes of the renters’ quota—

(a) if the only films acquired by him during the

year are old films; or

(b) if he has acquired films other than old films

during the year and the requirements of this

Part of this Act as to renters’ quota would

have been satisfied as respects those other films

had they been the only films acquired by him

during the year.

For the purposes of this proviso, the expression

" old, " in relation to a film, means acquired by a renter

not less than one year after the close of the [year in

which it was acquired by another renter.

17. —(1) On and after the first day of April, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, and until the thirty'-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-eight, no person

shall carry on the business of renting registered films for

exhibition to the public in Great Britain unless he holds

a licence for the purpose from the Board of Trade:

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

373

Provided that, where an application for such a

licence has been made, it shall be lawful for the applicant

to carry on such business as aforesaid pending the determination of the application.

(2) No film to which this Act applies shall, during

the period aforesaid, be exhibited to the public in Great

Britain unless—

(a) the film has been acquired by the exhibitor from

a person entitled to carry on such business as

aforesaid; or

(b) the exhibitor is himself a person who is entitled

to carry on such business as aforesaid and has

acquired the film for the purpose of renting it

for public exhibition in Great Britain.

(3) If any person carries on such business as aforesaid

or exhibits any film in contravention of this section, he

shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for

each day during which he so carries on the business or

exhibits the film, as the case may be.

18 . — (1)Every person who at any time during any Returns and

year ending on the thirty-first day of March was a records,

licensed renter shall furnish to the Board of Trade

before the first day of the following May, or such later

date as in any particular case the Board of Trade may

allow, a return giving such particulars as may be prescribed with respect to the registered films acquired by

him during the year in question, in order to enable the

Board of Trade to ascertain whether the requirements

of this Part of this Act with respect to the renters ’

quota have been satisfied by him during the year to

which the return relates:

Provided that, if any licensed renter in the course

of any such year ceases to carry on business as a renter,

the return shall be made within one month from the

time when he so ceases to carry on the business, unless

previously and in the same year his business as a renter

has become vested in some other licensed renter.

(2) Every person required to make a return under

the last foregoing subsection shall, before the first day

of May in the year following the year in which the

return was made, furnish to the Board of Trade a

supplementary return relative to the year to which the

374

Ch. 29.

Provisions

as to exhibitors ’

quota.

Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

original return related, giving such particulars as could

not have been given in the original return owing to

bookings for exhibitions not having been completed.

(3) Any such return as aforesaid may be used for the

purpose of ascertaining whether the films entered in the

return as having been acquired by the renter making the

return were in fact acquired by him for the purpose of

renting them to exhibitors for exhibition to the public in

Great Britain.

(4) Every licensed renter shall also keep a book

and shall as soon as practicable record therein the title,

registered number, and registered length of every film

acquired by him (distinguishing between British and

foreign films), the theatres at which each film has been

booked for exhibition and the dates for which such

bookings are made, and shall when so required produce

the book for inspection by any person authorised in that

behalf by the Board of Trade.

Exhibitors' Quota.

19.—(1) In the year commencing on the first day of

October, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and ending

on the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, and in each of the nine succeeding years,

every person who carries on the business of exhibiting

registered films to the public in Great Britain shall

exhibit at each theatre during the period in any year

during which he so exhibits films at that theatre at least

such proportion of registered British films as is mentioned

with respect to the year in question in Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act, and such proportion is

hereinafter referred to as the exhibitors’ quota, and, if

the films so exhibited include both long films and short

films as hereinbefore d(fined, the requirements of this

section must be satisfied as respects the long films so

exhibited as well as respects all the films so exhibited.

(2) The proportion of British registered films exhibited during such period as aforesaid at any theatre

shall be ascertained by comparing—

(a) the aggregate arrived at by adding together the

products of the total number of feet of each

registered British film which has been exhibited

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

375

during the normal hours in the ordinary programme multiplied by the number of times the

film has been so exhibited during the said

period; and

(b) the aggregate arrived at by adding together the

products of the total number of feet of each

registered film which has been so exhibited

multiplied by the number of times the film has

been so exhibited during the said period.

(3) If in any year an exhibitor fails to comply with

the requirements of this Part of this Act in respect of

any theatre, he shall be guilty of an offence, unless such

a certificate as is hereinafter mentioned has been issued

by the Board of Trade, or unless he proves to the

satisfaction of the court that the reasons for non-

compliance were reasons beyond his control.

20. —(1) On and after the first day of October, Prohibition

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and until the against

thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty- carrying °"

eight, no person shall carry on the business of exhibiting ex hibitor

registered films to the public in any theatre unless he unless

holds a licence for the purpose in respect of that licensed,

theatre from the Board of Trade:

Provided that, where an application for such a

licence has been made, it shall be lawful for the applicant

to carry on the business in any theatre to which the

application relates pending the determination of the

application.

(2) If any person carries on such business as aforesaid

in contravention of this section, he shall b9 guilty of an

offence, and shall be liable on summary conviction to

a fine not exceeding ten pounds for each day on

which he so carries on the business.

21. —(1) Every person who at any time during any Returns and

year ending on the thirtieth day of September was a records,

licensed exhibitor shall furnish to the Board of Trade

before the first day of the following November a return

giving such particulars as may be prescribed with respect

to the registered films exhibited by him in each theatre

during the year in question, and the dates and number

of times on which they were exhibited, in order to enable

the Board of Trade to ascertain whether the requirements

of this Part of this Act with respect to the exhibitors ’

376 Ch 29. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

quota have been satisfied by him in respect of the

theatre during the year to which the return relates:

Provided that, if any licensed exhibitor in the course

of any such year ceases to exhibit at any theatre, the

return with respect to that theatre shall be made within

one month from the time when he so ceases to exhibit

thereat.

(2) Every licensed exhibitor shall also keep in

respect of each theatre at which he exhibits films a book,

and shall as soon as practicable record therein the title,

registered number and registered length of each film

exhibited by him at the theatre to the public (distinguishing between British and foreign registered films), the dates

of all exhibitions of each film and the number of times

of e xhi bition of each film each day during the normal

hours in the ordinary programme, and every such book

shall be open to inspection by any person authorised in

that behalf by the Board of Trade.

The book relating to any theatre shall be kept at

that theatre so long as the exhibitor continues to exhibit

thereat.

Provisions 22. In the case of any exhibitor who in any such

as to year as aforesaid does not exhibit in any one theatre

itinerant on more than six days nor in more than one theatre at

exhibitors, the same time, the provisions of this Part of this Act

shall apply subject to the following modifications:—

£ (a) It shall not be necessary for any such exhibitor

to comply with the provisions as to the

exhibitors’ quota as respects any particular

theatre, if, had all the exhibitions given by him

in the year been exhibitions at the same theatre,

those provisions would have been complied

with;

(h) It shall not be necessary for the exhibitor to

make a return to the Board of Trade after

ceasing to exhibit at any particular theatre, or

to keep a separate record book in respect of

each theatre at which he exhibits;

(c) A licence to carry on the business of exhibiting

films to the public shall suffice, and it shall not

be necessary for the exhibitor to obtain a licence

in respect of each theatre at which he exhibits.

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

377

General.

23.—(1) The Board of Trade shall examine every Examina-

return furnished to them under this Part of this Act, and tion of

for the purpose of such examination may call on the returns,

renter or exhibitor making the return for such information and explanations as they may think necessary, and

may authorise any person appointed by them for the

purpose to examine the record books kept by the renter

or exhibitor.

(2) Where on submission by the renter or exhibitor

or otherwise it appears to the Board of Trade after

consultation with the advisory committee hereinafter

mentioned in any case where the Board of Trade contemplate the refusal of a certificate that though the

requirements of this Part of this Act with respect to the

renters’ quota or the exhibitor's’ quota, as the case may

be, have not been complied with, the reasons for non-

compliance were reasons beyond the control of the renter

or exhibitor, they shall issue a certificate to that effect.

24.—(1) Any offence of failing to comply with the

provisions of this Part of this Act as to the renters’ quota

or exhibitors’ quota may be prosecuted summarily or on

indictment, and—

(a) if the accused is proceeded against summarily,

he shall on conviction if a renter be liable to a

fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, and if

an exhibitor to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds;

and

Proceedings

for failure

to comply

with provisions as to

quotas.

(b) if the accused is proceeded against on indictment, he shall on conviction be liable to a fine

not exceeding five hundred pounds.

(2) In the case of a conviction on indictment, the

court, in addition to imposing any such fine as

aforesaid, —

(a) where the offender is a renter, may, if of opinion

that the offence was deliberate, and if the offence

is a third offence, order that his licence be

revoked, and may order that no licence shall be

issued to him, or to any person with whom he

is financially associated, or to any person who

acquires his business, or to any person who

took part in the management of his business

378 Ch. 29. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

and was knowingly a party to the offence, for

such period in each case as may be specified in

the order:

Provided that, where any such order is

made, the order shall not operate so as to

prevent the renter carrying out for a period

not exceeding six months any obligations under

any contract entered into by him before the

institution of the proceedings;

(b) where the offender is an exhibitor, may, if of

opinion that the offence was deliberate, and if the

offence is a third offence, order his licence under

this Act in respect of the theatre with respect to

which the offence was committed to be revoked,

and may order that for such period in each case

as may be specified in the order no licence in

respect of that theatre shall be issued to him

or to any person with whom he is financially

associated, or to any person who took part in

the management of his business and was

knowingly a party to the offence, or to any

person whose licence in respect of any theatre

has been revoked during the twelve months

previous to the date of the conviction.

(3) Summary proceedings for the offence of not

complying with the requirements of this Part of this Act as to the renters’ quota or as to the exhibitors’ quota

may, notwithstanding anything in the Summary Jurisdiction Acts, be instituted at any time within two years

after the commission of the offence in the case of a

renter, and one year after the commission of the offence

in the case of an exhibitor.

Provisions 25.—(1) A licence under this Act shall be granted

as to by the Board of Trade to any person applying for the

licences. licence if the applicant is not disqualified for holding the

licence applied for, and if the application is accompanied

by such information verified in such manner as the Board

may reasonably require in order to satisfy themselves

that the applicant is not disqualified for holding the

licence applied for and by the prescribed fee.

(2) A person shall not be qualified to hold a licence

under this Part of this Act unless he has a place of

business within Great Britain and has sent notice

379

1927. Cinematograph Films Ch. 29.

Act, 1927.

thereof and of any change therein to the Board of

Trade.

(3) A licence granted under this section shall remain

in force until the expiration of the year ending on the

thirty-first day of March or the thirtieth day of

September, as the case may be, in respect of which it

is granted, unless previous to that date the holder

thereof ceases to be qualified for holding the licence.

26.—(1) If any person required to make a return

under this Part of this Act fails to make the return

within the time within which he is required to make the

return, or on being so required fails to give any information

or explanation respecting the return which it is in his

power to give, he shall be guilty of an offence, and shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding

five pounds for every day during which the default

continues.

(2) If any person who is required to keep a book

and record therein such particulars as are mentioned in

this Part of this Act fails to do so, or when required

by a person authorised in that behalf by the Board of

Trade to produce the book for inspection at any reasonable time fails to do so, he shall be guilty of an offence

and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine

not exceeding twenty pounds.

Part IV.

General.

27.—(1) The films to which this Act applies are all

cinematograph films other than—

(a) films depicting wholly or mainly news and

current events;

(b) films depicting wholly or mainly natural scenery;

(c) films being wholly or mainly commercial advertisements;

(d) films used wholly or mainly by educational

institutions for educational purposes;

(e) films depicting wholly or mainly industrial or

manufacturing processes;

(f) scientific films, including natural history films.

Penalties

for failure

to make

returns and

keep record

books.

Films to

which Act

applies.

380 Ch. 29. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Provided that—

(i) if it appears to the Board of Trade, on application by the maker or renter, that, having

regard to the special exhibition value of the

film, any film of any such class as aforesaid

should be allowed to be registered and to

count for the purposes of the renters’ quota

and exhibitors’ quota, they may allow the

film to be registered and so counted; and

(ii) any film being a British film and a film of

class (b ), (d ), (e) or (/) of the classes above

mentioned shall without being trade shown

be registrable as if it were a film to which

this Act applies, and, if so registered, shall

be deemed to be a registered film for the

purposes of the provisions of this Act other

than those relating to the renters’ quota.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, " serial film or

series of films" means a serial film or series of films

comprising a number of parts not exceeding twenty-six,

each part not exceeding two thousand feet in length,

intended to be exhibited at successive dates at intervals

not exceeding fourteen days.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, a film shall be

deemed to be a British film if, but not unless, it complies

with all the following requirements :—

(i) It must have been made by a person who was

at the time the film was made a British subject,

or by two or more persons each of whom was

a British subject, or by a British company;

(ii) After the thirty-first day of December, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, the studio scenes

must have been photographed in a studio in

the British Empire;

(iii) The author of the scenario must have been a

British subject at the time the film was made;

(iv) Not less than seventy-five per cent, of the

salaries, wages and payments specifically paid

for labour and services in the making of the

film (exclusive of payments in respect of copyright and of the salary or payments to one

foreign actor or actress or producer, but inclusive of the payments to the author of the

1927. Cinematograph Films Ch. 29. 3S1

Act, 1927.

scenario) has been paid to British subjects or

persons domiciled in the British Empire, but it

shall be lawful for the Board of Trade* to relax

this requirement in any case where they are

satisfied that the maker had taken all reasonable

steps to secure compliance with the requirement,

and that his failure to comply therewith was

occasioned by exceptional circumstances beyond

his control, but so that such power of relaxation

shall not permit of the percentage aforesaid being

less than seventy per cent.

(4) Every film which is not a British film shall for

the purposes of this Act be deemed to be a foreign film.

(5) For the purposes of this section—

The expression "British company" means a

company constituted under the laws of any

part of the British Empire, the majority of the directors of which are British subjects;

The expression "British Empire"includes territories

under His Majesty’s protection and such (if

any) of the territories in respect of which a

mandate on behalf of the League of Nations

has been accepted by His Majesty as His

Majesty may from time to time by Order in

Council direct shall be treated as if they were

included in His Majesty’s dominions for the

purposes of this Act.

28. H any person— Penalties for

(a) in connection with an application for regis- ^tion

tration of any film under this Act; or

(b) for the purpose of obtaining. a licence under

this Act for himself or any other person; or

(c) in or in connection with any return required

by this Act, or in the record book kept in

pursuance of this Act;

knowingly makes any statement or gives any information

which is false in any material particular, he shall be

guilty of an offence under this Act and shall be liable on

summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not

exceeding tlrree months or to a fine not exceeding fifty

pounds.

382

Power of

Board of

Trade to

make regulations.

Advisory

committee.

Ch. 29. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

29. —(1) The Board of Trade may make regulations

for prescribing anything which under this Act is to be

prescribed, and generally for carrying this Act into effect,

and in particular may, subject to the consent of the

Treasury so far as they relate to fees, by regulations

prescribe—

(a) the particulars to be entered in the register;

(b) the form of applications for registration;

(c) the particulars and evidence necessary for establishing the British nature of a film;

(d) the fees to be paid on applications for registration, for inspections of the register, and for

certified copies of the register;

(e) the form of the returns to be made, and of the

records to be kept under this Act;

(f) the fees to be paid on applications for licences

under this Act.

(2) Fees shall be so fixed, and from time to time if

necessary be so readjusted, that the aggregate amount

produced thereby as from the commencement of this Act up to any date would be approximately equal to

the expenses incidental to the carrying out of this Act

up to the same date; and the fees payable on application

for registration and for licences shall not exceed those

specified in the Second Schedule to this Act.

(3) Regulations under paragraph (c) shall provide

that the particulars required as to salaries, wages and

payments shall be certified by an accountant being a

member of an incorporated society of accountants.

30. —(1) Until the- expiration of the quota period,

for the purpose of advising them on the administration

of the provisions of this Act, the Board of Trade shall

constitute an advisory committee consisting of—

(a) two representatives of film makers;

(b) two representatives of film renters;

(c) four representatives of film exhibitors;

(d) five members, of whom one shall be chairman,

and including a woman, being persons having

no pecuniary interest in any branch of the film

industry.

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

383

(2) The term of office of a person appointed to be a

member of the advisory committee shall be such period

not exceeding three years as may be fixed at the time of

his appointment, but a retiring member shall be eligible

for reappointment.

31. — (1) Proceedings for any offence under this Act Institution

may in England and Wales be instituted by or on behalf of proceed-

of the Board of Trade, but not otherwise. in S H -

(2) Any process or notice required to be served on

any person for the purposes of this Act shall, if that

person is out of Great Britain but has a place of business

within Great Britain, be sufficiently served if addressed

to"that person and left at or sent by post to such place

ofgbusiness as aforesaid.

32. — (1) For the purposes of this Act, unless the interpreta-

context otherwise requires, — tion.

The expression "trade shown " in relation to a film

means either—

(a) displayed within the administrative

county of London to exhibitors of films

or their agents in a building and under

conditions allowing for the satisfactory viewing of the film after announcement to such

persons at least seven days before the display,

the display not being open to any member of the public on payment; or

(b) displayed to the general public in one

theatre only on the first occasion on winch

the film is displayed in Great Britain either

to exhibitors or to the public, and being the

first of a series of public exhibitions of the

film held on a number of consecutive days:

The expression "maker " in relation to any film

means the person by whom the arrangements

necessary for the production of the film are

undertaken:

The expression "producer " in relation to any film

means the person responsible for the organisation and direction of the scenes to be depicted

on the film:

The expression "renting " in relation to films means

renting or otherwise issuing films to exhibitors

384

Ch. 29.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 30.

Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

at a rent or for other consideration, or making

other arrangements with exhibitors for the

exhibition thereof:

The expression "acquire " in relation to a renter

includes the makhig or obtaining possession

of films for the purpose of renting them:

The expression "length " in relation to a film means

the total length of film as offered for projection

at public exhibitions thereof:

The expression "theatre " includes any premises in

respect of which a licence is required to be issued

under the Cinematograph Act, 1909, or would

be so required if the film were an inflammable

film, except that it does not include—

(a) any church, chapel, or other place of

religious worship, or any hall or other premises used in connection with and for the

purposes of any such church, chapel, or place

of religious worship unless the number of

performances (exclusive of religious services)

at any such church, chapel, place, or premises

which consist of or comprise the exhibition

of registered films exceed six in any year

ending on the thirtieth day of September; or

(b) any premises performances at which

consist partly of the exhibition of films, but

so that at no one performance in any such

year does the total length of the registered

film or films exhibited exceed two thousand

feet.

(2) Where compliance on the part of a renter or

exhibitor with the provisions of this Act as to quota

was not commercially practicable by reason of the

character of the British films available or the excessive

cost of such films, non-compliance with those provisions

on that ground shall for the purposes of this Act be

treated as due to reasons beyond his control.

(3) Anything required or authorised under this Act

to be done by or to the Board of Trade may be done by or

to the President or secretary or assistant secretary of the Board, or any person authorised in that behalf by the

President of the Board.

1927.

Cinematograph Films

Act, 1927.

Ch. 29.

ass

33.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Cinematograph

Films Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland,

and for the purposes of the Government of Ireland

Act, 1920, the enactment -of legislation for purposes

similar to the purposes of this Act shall not be deemed

to be beyond the powers of the Parliament of Northern

Ireland by reason only that such legislation may affect

trade with places outside Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall come into operation on the first

day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

(4) Part I. and Part II. of this Act shall continue

in force until the thirtieth day of September, nineteen

hundred and thirty-eight, and no longer.

SCHEDULES.

/ 4&

OF THS 1

BOMBAY

FIRST SCHEDULE.

1 O

STANCH

OF the f

Part I.

Renters’ Quota.

As respects the year ending 31st March 1929

99

99

99

1930 -

10

99

99

99

1931 -

10

99

99

99

1932 -

12.V

99

99

99

1933 -

15

99

99

99

1934 -

in

99

99

99

1935 -

in-

99

99

99

1936 -

20

99

99

99

1937 -

20

9>

99

99

1938 -

20

Part II.

Exhibitors ’

Quota.

respects the year

endin

g 30th September 1929

5

99

99

1930

n

99

99

99

1931

n

if

99

99

1932

10

9 9

99

99

1933

in

99

99

99

1934

15

99

99

99

1935

15

99

99

99

1936

20

5 *

99

99

1937

20

99

99

99

1938

20

71- per cent.

per cent.

13 b

Short title,

extent,

commencement, and

duration.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 67.

Sections 13

and 19.

386

Section 29.

Rights of

insured

persons to

benefit.

Rates of

contribution

in case of

young men

and young

women.

Ch 29, 30. Cinematograph Films 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Maximum Fees.

Maximum Fee.

£ s.

On an application for the registration of a film - - 1 1

On an application for a renter’s licence - 5 5

On an application for an exhibitor’s licence - - 1 1

for each theatre in respect of which a licence is applied for.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act' to amend the Unemployment Insurance

Acts, 1920 to 1926.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. An insured contributor who is unemployed shall,

if he proves that the statutory conditions are fulfilled

in his case and if he is not disqualified under the

Unemployment Insurance Acts for the receipt of benefit,

be entitled, subject to the provisions of those Acts, to

receive benefit.

2.—(1) The following provisions shall have effect

with respect to the contributions payable under the

Unemployment Insurance Acts in respect of employed

persons who have attained the age of eighteen years but

have not attained the age of twenty-one years (in this Act referred to as "young men and young women "):—

(a) As from and after the second day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, until the expiration of the extended period the contributions

payable as aforesaid by young men and young

women and their employers shall be at the

respective rates set out in the First Schedule to

this Act:

1927.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

387

(b) As from and after the second day of July, nine *

teen hundred and twenty-eight, until the

expiration of the extended period, the rates of

contribution on which the amount of the contribution payable under the Unemployment

Insurance Acts out of moneys provided by

Parliament is to be calculated, shall, so far as

relates to young men and young women, be the

rates set out in the Second Schedule to this Act

instead of the rates applicable to men and

women under the Second Schedule to the

Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926.

(2) In this section, the expression "extended period "

has the same meaning as in section four of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be taken to prejudice the operation of section fifteen or section sixteen

of the principal Act.

3. The Minister shall once at least in every five

years, and if he thinks proper so to do may at shorter

intervals, cause an investigation to be made, in such

manner as the Treasury may approve, into the financial

condition of the unemployment fund, and the Minister

shall cause to be laid before Parliament a report of any

investigation made under this section.

4. —(1) As from the commencement of this Act,

benefit shall, subject to the provisions of this section,

be at the weekly rates set out in the Third Schedule to

this Act:

Provided that—

(a) young men and young women who are in

receipt of an increase of benefit in respect of

dependants; and

(b) during the period between the commencement

of this Act and the fifth day of July, nineteen

hundred and twenty-eight, young men and

young women (whether in receipt of such an

increase or not)

shall be entitled to benefit at the same rate as persons

who have attained the age of twenty-one years.

(2) The enactments which provide that the weekly

rate of benefit shall be increased in respect of certain

dependants shall apply to the weekly rate of benefit

Bb 2

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 9.

15 & 16,

Geo. 5. c. 69.

Periodical

investigation into

condition of

unemployment fund.

Pates of

unemploy-

ment

benefit.

388

CH. 30.

Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

authorised by this section subject to the following

modifications:—

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 7.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 30.

(a) subsection (1) of section one of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922, shall be amended as

follows—

(i) for the words "a widower or an

" unmarried man has residing with him any

" female person for the purpose of having

" the care of his dependent children and is

" maintaining that person, or has and has had

" living with him as his wife any female

" person " there shall be substituted the

words " either a man or a woman (but not

" being a person entitled to an increase under

" this section otherwise than in respect of

" his or her dependent children) has residing

" with him or her and is wholly or mainly

" maintaining a female person who has the

" care of the dependent children of the

" person entitled to benefit ";

(ii) for the words "five shillings " there

shall be substituted the words "seven

shillings ";

(b) in subsection (2) of the said section one for the

words " decided by the Minister " there shall be

substituted the words "determined in the same

" manner as a claim for benefit ";

(c) in the definition of "a dependent child" in subsection (1) of section sixteen of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922, for the words "at

" the cost of " there shall be substituted the

word " by ";

(//) subsection (2) of section two of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924, shall be

amended as follow's—

(i) for the words "an unmarried person "

there shall be substituted the words "a

person ";

(ii) after the W'ords " widowed mother "

there shall be inserted the words "widow r ed

" stepmother, mother who has never been

" married or mother wdiose husband is per-

" manently disabled and unable to work ";

(iii) paragraph (b) shall cease to have effect.

1927. Unemployment Insurance Ch. 30.

Act, 1927.

5.—(1) Section seven of the principal Act shall be

amended as follows:—

(a) the following shall be substituted for the first

of the statutory conditions for the receipt of

benefit by insured contributors—

" (i) that not less than thirty contributions have been paid in respect of him as an

insured contributor in respect of the two years

immediately preceding the date on which

application for benefit is made ":

(b) in provisos (b) and (c) of subsection (1) after the

words " an offer of employment " there shall

be inserted the words "in his usual occupation "

and for the words "usual employment" in the

said proviso (6) there shall be substituted the

words " usual occupation ":

(c) in paragraph (a) of subsection (2) for the words

" has ordinarily been followed " there shall be

substituted the words "could ordinarily have

been followed."

(2) The following provisions shall have effect in

relation to the said statutory conditions:—

(i) in calculating the said thirty contributions no

account shall be taken of any contributions

paid in respect of any person in respect of

any period during which he was not bona fide

employed;

(ii) after the lapse of such an interval from the

date on which an insured contributor becomes

unemployed as, in the circumstances of the

case, is reasonable, employment shall not be

deemed to be unsuitable by reason only that

it is employment of a kind other than employment in the usual occupation of the insured

contributor, if it is employment at a rate of

wage not lower, and on conditions not less

favourable, than those generally observed by

agreement between associations of employers

and of employees or, failing any such agreement, than those generally recognised by good

employers.

389

Amendment

as to

statutory

conditions

for receipt

of benefit.

390

Ch. 30.

Amendment

as to disqualifications for

receipt of

benefit.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 30.

Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

(3) The question whether the first statutory condition continues to be fulfilled in the case of any insured

contributor shall be reviewed at the beginning of each

of the second, third and fourth benefit quarters, and if

either at the beginning of any benefit quarter or at any

time during the second, the third or the fourth benefit

quarter it is determined that the first statutory condition

is fulfilled in the case of any insured contributor, that con-

dition shall be deemed to continue to be fulfilled in the

case of that contributor until the beginning of the next

following benefit quarter or until the end of the benefit

year, whichever is the earlier.

(4) If an insured contributor proves in the prescribed

manner that he was during any periods, falling within

the period of two years mentioned in the first statutory

condition, incapacitated for work by reason of some

specific disease or by bodily or mental disablement,

the said condition shall have effect as if for the said

period of two years there were substituted a period of

two years increased by the said periods of incapacity,

but so as not to exceed in any case four years.

(5) If an insured contributor who is, or who has at

any time during the two years immediately preceding

the date of an application for benefit been, in receipt of a

pension paid out of moneys provided by Parliament in

respect of a disability contracted by him during the late

war proves that the non-fulfilment in his case of the first

statutory condition is due to that disability, he shall,

if he proves that not less than ten contributions were

paid in respect of him as an insured contributor during

the said period of two years, be treated for all the purposes of the Unemployment Insurance Acts as if he had

proved that that condition was fulfilled in his case.

6. Subsection (1) of section four of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924, shall have effect

as if there were substituted for the words "members

of which " the words "of which immediately before the

" commencement of the stoppage there were members

" employed at the premises at which the stoppage is

" taking place any of whom, " and as if all the words

after "in the dispute" were omitted.

1927. Unemployment Insurance Ch. 30.

Act, 1927.

7 . In section five of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1923 (which defines a continuous period of unemployment), as amended in the Second Schedule to the

Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924, for the

w r ords " six weeks " there shall be substituted the

words " ten weeks."

8. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

the Minister may, with the consent of the Treasury,

authorise the payment out of the unemployment fund

of grants towards expenses incurred in respect of the

attendances at approved courses of instruction of the

persons to whom this section applies.

(2) This section applies to persons who have attained

the age of sixteen years and are under the age of eighteen

and either—

(a) are insured' persons required by the insurance

officer to attend such courses; or

(b) not being persons so required are, in the opinion

of the Minister, persons normally employed, or

likely to be employed, in an insurable occupation.

(3) Grants under this section shall not exceed fifty

per cent, of any amount which may be paid in respect

of the attendances in question out of the moneys provided

by Parliament.

(4) All sums paid out of the unemployment fund

under this section shall be applied as an appropriation

in aid of moneys provided by Parliament for the expenses

of the Minister, and the provisions of this subsection

shall be in addition to and not in derogation of section

twelve of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, as

amended by section eight of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1922.

(5) In this section, the expression "approved "

means approved for the purposes of paragraph (v) of

subsection (1) of section seven of the principal Act.

9. —(1) If it is found at any time that any person,

by reason of the non-disclosure or misrepresentation by

him of a material fact (whether the non-disclosure or the

misrepresentation was or was not fraudulent) has received

any sum by way of benefit while the statutory conditions

or any other conditions for the receipt of benefit imposed

by any enactment were not fulfilled in his case, or while

391

Amendment

as to meaning

of continuous

period of unemployment.

13 Geo. 6. c. 2.

Power to

make grants

out of unemployment

f und towards cost

of approved

courses of

instruction.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 30.

Repayment

of sums

improperly

received by

way of

benefit.

392 Ch. 30. Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

he was disqualified for receiving benefit, he shall be

liable to repay to the unemployment fund, or in a

case where the payment was made under section six of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1923, by a local

education authority, to the local education authority, a

sum representing the amount so received by him.

11 & 12 (2) Section thirteen of the Unemployment Insurance

Geo. 5. c. 15. 2) Act, 1921, shall have effect as if a reference to

subsection (1) of this section were substituted therein

for the reference to subsection (5) of section twenty-two

of the principal Act.

Amendment

of s. 17 of

principal

Act.

10.—(1) Section seventeen of the principal Act shall,

as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and

twenty-nine, be amended as follows:—

(i) The following shall be substituted for paragraph

(a) of the proviso to subsection (1)—

" (a) unless he is satisfied that under the

rules of the society or other association—

(i) the payments thereby authorised represent a provision for unemployment which

exceeds the provision represented by unemployment benefit at the rate payable under

this Act by at least three shillings per week

in the case of men of the age of twenty-one

years or upwards, two shillings and sixpence

per week in the case of women of that age,

one shilling and sixpence per week in the case

of young men and boys and one shilling and

threepence per week in the case of young

women and girls; and

(ii) the aggregate amount of the excess

payable in a year is at least seventy-five

shillings in the case of men of the age of

twenty-one years or upwards, sixty shillings

in the case of women of that age, thirty-

seven shillings and sixpence in the case of

young men and boys and thirty shillings in

the case of young women and girls; and

(iii) the excess is payable in at least ten

weeks in the year; and

1927.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

Cn. BO.

393

(iv) the excess will, subject to the prescribed exceptions and to the limitation of the period for which provision for unemployment is under the rules payable to members

of the society or association, be payable on

each occasion on which a member of the

society or association would be entitled to

receive unemployment benefit if the arrangement had not been made ";

(ii) After subsection (1) there shall be inserted the

following new subsection:—

" (1a) Such an arrangement as aforesaid shall

not, subject to any prescribed exceptions, apply

to a member of the society or other association

during any period in respect of which he is not

under the rules of the society or association

entitled to the excess payment mentioned in

the foregoing provisions of this section."

(2) Notwithstanding anything in any Act, it shall

not be necessary for the Minister at any time before the

first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine, to require any society or other association to

make, for the purposes of proviso (a) to subsection (1)

of the said section seventeen, any greater provision for

benefit than would have been required to be made for

those purposes under the principal Act as originally

enacted.

11 . The power of the Minister under section eighteen Abolition

of the principal Act to make special orders approving or of power

making special schemes shall cease:ma e

special

Provided that nothing in this section shall affect schemes,

the operation of any scheme approved under the said

section before the commencement of this Act or the

power of the Minister under subsection (9) of the said

section to vary or amend the scheme so approved.

12 . Where under any provisions of the Unemploy- Taking of

ment Insurance Acts or any regulations made thereunder, evidence on

the Minister is required or authorised to hold, or to oath at

appoint any person to hold, an inquiry, the witnesses

shall, if the Minister thinks fit or any one of the parties 1

so demands, be examined on oath, and the person who

394 Ch. 30. Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

holds the inquiry shall have power to administer oaths

for the purpose.

Amendment 13 . The fixed number of contributions for the

of s. 41 of purposes of section forty-one of the principal Act (which

principal makes special provision with respect to discharged seamen,

Act - marines, soldiers and airmen) shall, in the case of men

discharged after the commencement of this Act, be thirty,

and for the purposes of the Unemployment Insurance

Acts the contributions credited under the said section to

any man, whether discharged before or after the commencement of this Act, shall be deemed to have been

paid in respect of him at the rate of one contribution

per week over a period ending with the week in which

his discharge takes place.

Transitional 14 . —(1) In the case of a person who immediately

provisions, before the commencement of this Act satisfied the

requirements for the receipt of benefit under section one

of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924, as

amended by section one of the Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1925, benefit may, during such period as may

be necessary for the examination of the qualifications

of that person for the receipt of benefit under this Act,

but not in any case after the expiration of six months

from the commencement of this Act, be paid to him

as if this Act had not passed.

(2) If at any time within twelve months after the

commencement of this Act an insured contributor who

has attained the age of eighteen years, but in whose

case the first statutory condition is not fulfilled makes

an application for benefit and in addition to proving

that the statutory conditions (other than the first such

condition) are fulfilled in his case, also proves—

(a) that not less than eight contributions were paid

in respect of him as an insured contributor

during the period of two years immediately

preceding the date of the application for

benefit, or that not less than thirty contributions

have at any time been paid in respect of him

as an insured contributor; and

(b) that he is normally employed in such employment as would make him an employed person

within the meaning of the principal Act (in this Act referred to as "insurable employment")

1927.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

395

and that he will normally seek to obtain his

livelihood by means of insurable employment;

and

(c) that he has, during the two years immediately

preceding the date of the application for benefit,

been employed in an insurable employment to

such an extent as was reasonable, having regard

to all the circumstances of the case and in

particular to the opportunities for obtaining

insurable employment during that period,

he shall, notwithstanding that the first statutory condition is not fulfilled in his case, be treated for all the

purposes of the Unemployment Insurance Acts as if he

had proved that that condition was fulfilled in his case,

and shall continue to be so treated throughout any

benefit year which is current in or commences within

the period of twelve months from the commencement of this Act, and references in subsections (3), (4) and (5)

of section five of this Act to the first statutory condition

shall be deemed to include a reference to the conditions

contained in paragraphs (a), (6) and (c) of this subsection:

Provided that paragraph (a) of this subsection shall

not apply in the case of a person who is, or has at any

time during the two years immediately preceding the

date of the application for benefit been, in receipt of a

pension paid out of moneys provided by Parliament in

respect of a disability contracted during the late w T ar, if

ho proves that the nonfulfilment in his case of the

condition contained in the said paragraph (a) w\as due

to that disability.

In the case of any person formerly engaged in war

service, the undergoing of training for an insurable

occupation shall, where the cost of the training is

defrayed out of funds administered by the Minister of

Labour or by the Minister of Pensions, be treated for

the purposes of paragraph (c) of this subsection as

employment in insurable employment.

In the foregoing provision, the expression "person

formerly engaged in war service, " has the same meaning

as in the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922.

(3) A benefit year which at the commencement of this Act is current in the case of any insured contributor

shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, continue

306 Ch. 30. Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

until the date on which it would have expired if this Act

had not passed.

15 . The amendments specified in the second column

of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, being minor

amendments of the principal Act, and of enactments

amending that Act, shall be made in the provisions of

that Act or those enactments specified in the first

column of that Schedule.

Interpreta- 16 . —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

tion, repeal, requires, the following expressions have the meanings

shortTit'lc' 1’hcrel) y respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—•

and com- " Benefit" means unemployment benefit:

"Benefit year" means in relation to any insured

contributor a period of twelve months commencing on the date on which that contributor,

having made an application for benefit, proves

for the first time, either after the commencement

of this Act, or after the termination of his last

preceding benefit year, as the case may be, that

the first statutory condition is fulfilled in his

case:

" Benefit quarter" means a period consisting of

either the first, second, third or fourth period

of three months in a benefit year:

" Insured contributor" means a person insured

under the principal Act:

" The Minister" means the Minister of Labour:

" The principal Act" means the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920:

" The Unemployment Insurance Acts" means the

Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1926.

(2) The enactments set out in the Fifth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule as from the dates

on which the corresponding provisions of this Act

respectively come into operation.

(3) The provisions of this Act amending section

forty-one of the principal Act shall have effect so as to

amend that section (as amended by any subsequent

enactment, including any Order in Council made under

Minor

amendments.

1027. Unemployment Insurance Ch. 30 307

Act, 1927.

the Government of Ireland Act, 1920) in its application 10 & 11

to Northern Ireland, but save as aforesaid this Act shall Geo. 5. c. C7.

not apply to Northern Ireland.

(4) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1927, and shall be construed as one with

the Unemployment Insurance Acts, and those Acts and

this Act may be cited together as the Unemployment

Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1927, and any reference in this Act to the Unemployment Insurance Acts, or to any of

those Acts or to any provision in any of those Acts

shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be construed

as a reference to those Acts, that Act or that provision

in that Act, as the case may be, as amended by this Act.

(5) This Act shall, except as otherwise expressly

provided, come into operation on the nineteenth day of

April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

(6) The Unemployment Insurance Act, 192(1, shall 1G & 17

continue in force until the date of the commencement Geo. 5.c 12.

of this Act and shall then expire, notwithstanding

anything in any other Act of the present Session.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Section 2.

Rates of Contributions in Case of Young

Men and Young Women.

From the employed person for each week—

In the case of young men -6 d.

In tho case of young women - 5 d.

From the employer for each week—

In the case of young men - Id.

In the case of young women - 6 d.

398

Ch. 30.

Section 2.

Section 4.

Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rates on which, so far as relates to

Young Men and Young Women, the Contribution

PAYABLE OUT OF MONEYS PROVIDED

by Parliament is to be calculated.

Insured Contributors.

In the case of a young man.5 \d.

In the case of a young woman .... 32-/.

Exempt Persons.

In the case of a young man, being an exempt

person - .2 \d.

In the case of a young woman, being an exempt

person.2 d.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Weekly Rates of Unemployment Benefit.

Class of persons to whom rate applies. Rate of benefit.

s. d.

1. Persons of the Age of 21 Years and towards—

Men.17 0

Women.150

2. Persons who have attained the Age of 20 Years

BUT ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 21 YEARS-r-

Young men - 14 0

Young women- - - 12 0

3. Persons who have attained the Age of 19 Years

BUT ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 20 YEARS -

Young men ---- 12 0

Young women- .... 10 0

4. Persons who have attained the Age of 18 Years

BUT ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 19 YEARS—

Young men - 10 0

Young w omen .... 80

5. Persons who have attained the Age of 16 Years

BUT ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS-

Boys

Girls

6 0

5 0

1927.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

399

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 15.

Minor Amendments.

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920:

Section 3 - - In subsection (1) after the words

"within the meaning of this Act"

there shall be added the words "or

" (d) a person who is employed in

" an occupation which is of a

" seasonal nature and does not

" ordinarily extend over moro

" than eighteen weeks in any

" year and who is not ordi-

" narily employed in any other

" occupation, employment in

" which would make him an

" employed person within the

" meaning of this Act."

Section 4 - For the words "by order " in subsection (1) there shall be substituted the

words " by special order, " and subsection (2) shall cease to have effect.

Section 5 - In subsection (7) the words from " and

" regulations made" to "provisions

" of this Act", both inclusive, shall

cease to have effect.

Section 8 - Subsection (4) shall cease to have effect.

Section 11 - - The section shall, as from the expiration of three months from the commencement of this Act, have effect as

though subsection (4) were omitted

therefrom and as though the following subsections were inserted after

subsection (2) :—

" (2a) Where an insured contributor has during such period (not

in any case exceeding six months)

as may be prescribed, received

benefit for periods amounting in

the aggregate to thirteen weeks,

the claim of that insured contributor to benefit shall, notwithstanding amdhing in this section,

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920

— cont.

Section 11— coni. be reviewed by the court of referees,

and the court shall make a recommendation to the insurance officer

with respect to the claim as if it

had been referred to the court by

the insurance officer:

Provided that the insurance

officer may, pending the making

of a recommendation by the court

of referees, give an interim determination with respect to the claim,

so, however, that benefit shall

not be paid under any such determination for more than Bix weeks.

(2b) The insurance officer may,

in any case in which he considers

it expedient so to do, instead of

himself determining any question,

refer it to a court of referees."

In subsection (5) the word "leave "

shall be substituted for the word

"consent, " and the following words

shall be added at the end of the said

subsection:—

" The court of referees shall give

leave under this subsection in any

case in which it appears to the

court reasonable so to do having

regard to the importance of the

principle involved in the case or

any other special circumstances."

In subsection (8) the words "without

" prejudice to the retention of any

" benefit which may have been re-

" ceived under the decision or recom-

" mendation which has been revised "

shall be repealed, and after the

words " where upon " there shall be

inserted the words "an interim de-

" termination by an insurance officer

" or upon "

1927.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

401

4th Sch.

— emit.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920

— cont.

Section 22 - - In subsection (3) for the words "the

" year preceding the date when the

" information was so laid " there

shall be substituted the words "the

" two years preceding the date of

" the offence, ’ 5 and after the words

" to have failed or neglected to pay"

there shall be inserted the words:—

" Any sum ordered by a court in

England to be paid to the unemployment fund under the foregoing

provision shall be recoverable as a

penalty."

At the end of subsection (3) there shall

be inserted the following new paragraph :—-

" If the employer, being a company, fails to pay to the unemployment fund any sum which

it has been ordered to pay under

this subsection, that sum, or such

part thereof as remains unpaid,

shall be a debt due to the unemployment fund jointly and severally

from any directors of the company who knew, or could reasonably be expected to have known, of the failure or neglect to pay the

contribution or contributions in

question, and proceedings for the

recovery of the said sum summarily

as a civil debt may be commenced

at any time within twelve months

from the date of the order for

payment made on the company."

In subsection (4) after the words

"twenty pounds" there shall be

inserted the words "or to imprison-

" ment for a term not exceeding

" three months, or to both such fine

" and imprisonment."

C c

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

402

Ch. 30 .

4th Sch.

— cont.

Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo 5

Act, 1927.

Enactment to be

amended.

Amendment.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920

— cont.

Section 23 -

Section 24 -

Section 26 -

Section 30 -

At the end of subsection (1) there shall

be added the following paragraph :—

" So much of this subsection as

authorises inspectors and other

authorised officers to institute., prosecute or conduct proceedings for

offences under this Act shall extend

to proceedings for the recovery

summarily as a civil debt of any

sum due, whether by virtue of this Act or otherwise, to the unemployment fund."

In subsection (2) for the words "six

months" there shall be substituted

the words "twelve months."

The following subsection shall be added

at the end:—

" (3) Proceedings under this

section may, notwithstanding any

provision in any enactment, be

brought at any time within one

year after the date on which the

employed person, but for the failure

or neglect of the employer, would

have been entitled to receive the

benefit which he has lost."

In subsection (1) the words "twelve

months" shall be substituted for

the words "four months, " and subsection (4) shall have effect as though

there were inserted at the end thereof

the words "and as though in each

" of the said paragraphs (e) twelve

" months were substituted for four

" months."

For the words "who would in the

" opinion of the Minister be entitled

" to receive or to continue to receive

" unemployment benefit if he became

" or remained unemployed " there

shall be substituted the words "in

" whose case the first statutory eon-

" dition is fulfilled."

1927.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

403

4th Sch.

— cont.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920

— cont.

Section 47 - - At the end of paragraph (6) of subsection (1) there shall be inserted the

following words:—

" and where in consequence of an

arrangement made by a poor law

authority a person is engaged in

work provided by a local authority he shall not, if a contribution

towards his remuneration is made

by the poor law authority, be

deemed to be such an employed

person.

Provided that the foregoing provision with respect to persons

engaged in work provided by a

local authority shall not apply in

the case of any person who has

previously been in receipt of unemployment benefit and is employed

in full-time work provided by the

authority.

For the purpose of this provision

a person shall not be deemed to

have been employed in full-time

work unless he has worked for such

number of hours in each week as

would normally have been worked

by him if he had been employed on

the same work otherwise than under

such an arrangement as aforesaid."

First Schedule:

Part II. - - In paragraph (d)for the words "any local

" or other public authority " there

shall be substituted the words "any

" Government department (including

" any department or office declared

" by a Mini ster of the Crown to be

" under his ultimate control) or public

" or local authority " and at the end

of the said paragraph there shall be

inserted the words "and where a

" person serving under any employer

" in employment which is excepted

Cc 2

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

404

Ch. 30.

4th Sch.

— emit.

Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Enactment to be

amended.

Amendment.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1920

— cent.

First Schedule—

cant.

Part II. — cant.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1921:

Section 5 - In subsection (3), after the word

"shall, " there shall be inserted the

words " unless otherwise provided

" for."

Second Schedule - The words from " and the following

words" to "shall not apply" shall

cease to have effect, but without

prejudice to the operation of any

certificate granted before the commencement of this Act under paragraph (d) of Part II. of the First

Schedule to the principal Act.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1921:

Section 11 - - For the words "local or other public

" authority " there shall be substituted

the words "public or local authority."

Section 12 - - This section shall cease to have effect

as from the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1922:

Section 14 - - In subsection (1) after the words" relief

to " there shall be inserted the words

" or on account of."

" under this paragraph ceases to serve

" under that employer and on so

" ceasing enters other employment

" which is so excepted, he shall, on

" entering the new employment, be

" treated for the purpose of the power

" of the Minister to certify under this

" paragraph as if he had completed

" three years’ service in the new

" employment."

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1923:

Section 9 - After the word "fund " there shall be

inserted the words "or to a local

" education authority."

1927.

Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

405

Enactment to be 4th Sch.

amended. Amendment. — cont -

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924:

First Schedule The follow ing shall be substituted for

paragraph 4:—

" Any time during which a person

fails to fulfil the statutory conditions or is under the provisions

of the principal Act disqualified for

receiving benefit shall be excluded

in the computation of continuous

periods of unemployment under

this Part of this Schedule unless

that person proves that the failure

to fulfil the condition or the disqualification was due to incapacity

for work arising from some specific

disease or bodily or mental disablement."

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1925.

Section 4 - - In paragraph (d) of subsection (1) after

the words "or a woman " there shall

be inserted the words "or a young

" man or a young woman."

FIFTH SCHEDULE. Section 16.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment

Subsection (2) of section four,

c. 30.

Insurance Act, 1920.

subsection (4) of section

eight, subsections (1), (2),

(4) and (11) of section

eighteen and subsection (5)

of section twenty-two, and

as from the expiration of

three months from the

commencement of this Act

subsection (4) of section

eleven.

406

Ch. 30, 31. Unemployment Insurance 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

5th Sch.

■— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1

Extent of Repeal.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 1.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1921.

Section four.

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment

Section twelve, as from the

c. 15.

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1921.

first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-

nine.

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment

Section thirteen, subsections

e. 7.

Insurance Act, 1922.

(2) and (3) of section sixteen, and, as from the first

day of January, nineteen

hundred and twenty-nine,

section nine.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. G.

The Unemployment

Insurance (No. 3)

Act, 1924.

The whole Act.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

The Unemployment

Section one except subsec-

c. 30.

Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924.

tions (4) and (5), subsection

(1) of section two, subsection (2) of section three,

subsection (1) of section

eight, subsections (3) and

(4) of section seventeen,

and paragraph 3 (5) of the

First Schedule.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 69.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act, 1925.

Sections one and two.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the effect

of surcharges by district auditors, appeals from

decisions of district auditors, and the recovery

of sums certified to be due by district auditors.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Disqualification of

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, every

person who, at any audit, has been surcharged with an

1927.

Audit (Local Authorities)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 31.

407

amount exceeding five hundred pounds by a district persons

auditor shall for a period of five years commencing at surcharged

the expiration of the period allowed for making an

appeal or application with respect to the surcharge p ounc j s .

under the provisions of this Act or, if such an appeal

or application is made, commencing cn the date on

which such an appeal or application is finally disposed

of or abandoned or fails by reason of the non-prosecution thereof, be disqualified for being elected or appointed

or being a member of any local authority, and if he is

a member of a local authority his office shall thereupon

become vacant:

Provided that this section shall not apply to a

surcharge in respect of any expenditure or loss incurred

before the thirty-first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven.

(2) Where more than one-third of the members of a

local authority become disqualified at the same time by

virtue of this Act, then until the number of the members

in office is increased to not less than two-thirds of the

full number of members of the local authority—

(a) the quorum of the local authority shall be

determined by reference to the number of the

members of the local authority remaining

qualified instead of by reference to the full

number of members of the local authority;

(b) no provision preventing a returning officer

holding an election to fill a casual vacancy shall

apply to any vacancy in the office of members

of that local authority.

(3) If any person acts as a member of any local

authority when disqualified under this section, he shall

for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

2.—(1) Any person who is aggrieved by a decision Appeals

of a district auditor on any matter with respect to which a gainst

he made representations at the audit, and any person yj C1S1 ?." 8

aggrieved by a disallowance or surcharge of a district au 1 ors '

auditor may, where the, disallowance or surcharge or

other decision relates to an amount exceeding five

hundred pounds, appeal to the High Court, and may in

any other case appeal either to the High Court or to

408 Ch. 31. Audit (Local Authorities) 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

the Minister of Health, (hereinafter referred to as the

"Minister") and the Court or Minister shall have power

to confirm, vary or quash the decision of the auditor,

and to remit the case to the auditor with such directions

as the Court or Minister thinks fit for giving effect to

the decision on appeal, and if the decision of the auditor

is quashed, or is varied so as to reduce the amount of the surcharge to five hundred pounds or less, the

appellant shall not be subject to the disqualification

imposed by this Act.

Where an appeal is made to the Minister under this

subsection, he may at any stage of the proceedings, and

shall, if so directed by the High Court, state in the form

of a special case for the opinion of the Court any

question of law arising in the course of the appeal but

save as aforesaid the decision of the Minister shall not

be subject to appeal to any Court.

(2) In the case of a surcharge the person surcharged

may, whether or not he appeals under the last preceding

subsection, apply to the tribunal (whether the High

Court or the Minister) to which he appeals or, if he

does not appeal, to the tribunal (whether the High

Court or the Minister) to which he might have appealed,

for a declaration that in relation to the subject matter

of the surcharge he acted reasonably or in the belief

that his action was authorised by law, and the Court

or Minister, if satisfied that there is proper ground for

doing so, may make a declaration to that effect, and

where such a declaration is made the person surcharged,

if by reason of the surcharge he is subject to the

disqualification imposed by this Act, shall not be subject to that disqualification, and the Court or Minister

may, if satisfied that the person surcharged ought fairly

to be excused, relieve him either wholly or partly from

personal liability in respect of the surcharge; the decision

of the Court or Minister under this subsection shall be

final and shall not be subject to appeal.

(3) Provision may be made by rules of court for

regulating appeals and applications to the High Court

under this section, and those rules shall provide for

limiting the time within which such appeals and applications may be made, and for securing that where an

application is made public notice of the hearing shall

be [given, and for enabling any ratepayer or owner of

1927.

Audit (Local Authorities)

Act, 1927.

Ch. 31.

409

property in the area of the authority to whose accounts

the surcharge relates, to appear at the hearing and

object.

(4) Where under this section an appeal or application is made to the Minister, the appellant or applicant

shall be entitled, if he so desires, to a personal hearing

by a person appointed for the purpose by the Minister.

(5) The provisions as to the payment of costs

applicable to appeals under any enactment repealed by

this Act shall apply to appeals and applications to the

Court under this section.

(6) Where any proceedings in the High Court under

section thirty-five of the Poor Law Amendment Act,

1844, or under that section as applied by any other

enactment, for the removal into the High Court of any

disallowance or surcharge were instituted before the

fourteenth day of February, nineteen hundred and

twenty-seven, and the surcharge in respect of which the

proceedings were instituted has not been enforced at the

passing of this Act, no proceedings for the enforcement

thereof shall be taken.

3.—(1) Notwithstanding anything contained in any

enactment relating to audit by district auditors, any

sum which is certified by a district auditor to be due

shall be recoverable either summarily or otherwise as a

civil debt, and in any proceedings for the recovery of

such a sum any certificate purporting to be signed by a

district auditor shall, unless the contrary is proved, be

deemed to be a certificate signed by a district auditor,

and a certificate signed by a district auditor shall be

conclusive evidence of the facts certified, and a certificate

purporting to be signed by the treasurer of the local

authority concerned that the sum certified to be due has

not been paid to him shall be sufficient evidence of nonpayment, unless it is proved that the sum certified to be

due has been paid to the treasurer subsequently to the

date of the treasurer’s certificate.

(2) The provisions as to the payment of costs

applicable to the proceedings under the enactments

repealed by this Act for the recovery of sums certified

by a district auditor to be due shall apply to proceedings

under this section.

7 & 8 Vict,

c. 101.

Recovery of

sums certified by the

auditor.

410

Short title,

application,

repeal and

extent.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 83.

Section 4.

Ch. 31. Audit (Local Authorities) 17 & IS Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

4.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Audit (Local

Authorities) Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall not, save as provided by sub-

section (6) of section two of this Act, apply to any

accounts if and so far as they relate to expenditure or loss

incurred before the thirty-first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven.

(3) In this Act, the expression "local authority "

has the same meaning as in the Local Loans Act, 1875,

and includes any committee of a local authority, and a

joint committee of, or a joint board representative of,

two or more local authorities.

(4) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act to the extent specified in the third column of

that Schedule are hereby repealed:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect the

enactments repealed in their application to any accounts

if and so far as they relate to expenditure or loss incurred

before the thirty-first day of October, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven.

(5) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or

Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

Extent of Repeal.

38 & 39 Vict.

The Public Health Act,

In section two hundred and

c. 55.

1875.

forty-seven, paragraph (8).

17 & 18 Geo.

The Poor Law Act,

Subsections (2) and (3) of

5. c. 14.

1927.

section one hundred and

fifty-four and section one

hundred and fifty-five except so far as they relate

to the payment of costs.

Subsections (1), (2), and (3)

of section one hundred

and fifty-seven.

Subsection (3) of section one

hundred and sixty.

1927.

Destructive Insects

and Pests Act, 1927.

Ch. 32.

411

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend the Destructive Insects and Pests

Acts, 1877 and 1907.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.— (1) An order under the Destructive Insects Act, Amend-

1877, as amended by the Destructive Insects and Pests ments of

Act, 1907 (which Act as so amended is hereinafter _f c P’ v

referred to as the principal Act), may—

(a) enable any inspector authorised by the Minister 7 Edw. 7.

of Agriculture and Fisheries to remove or e - 4.

destroy, or cause to be removed or destroyed,

any crop infected with an insect which has

been introduced into Great Britain specified in

the order, being a destructive insect within the

meaning of the principal Act, or any crop to

or by means of which the insect is likely to

spread, and generally to take such steps as he

may think expedient in connection with any

crop for preventing the spreading of any such

destructive insect, and to enter on any lands

for any of the purposes aforesaid, or for any

examination or inquiry authorised by the order,

or any other purpose of the order;

(b) impose in respect of any certificate given in

pursuance of the order after an inspection such

fee or other charge as, with the consent of the

Treasury, may be prescribed by the Minister;

(c) impose as a maximum penalty in respect of a

second or subsequent offence against the order

a fine of fifty pounds.

(2) The [Minister may out of moneys provided by .

Parliament pay compensation (to be ascertained in

accordance with the provisions of the principal Act) in

respect of any crop removed or destroyed by or under

the instructions of an inspector authorised by him, and

any other expenses incurred by him in the execution of the principal Act:

412 Ch. 32, 33. Destructive Insects 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

and Pests Act, 1927.

Provided that the amount of the compensation and

expenses so paid shall not in any one year, without the

consent of the Treasury, exceed the sum of two thousand

pounds.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts, proceedings for an offence against an

order under the principal Act may, where the offence is

an offence in connection with the movement, sale,

consignment or planting of potatoes, be instituted at any

time within twelve months from the day on which the

alleged offence was committed.

(4) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section three of the

principal Act, and in paragraph (3) thereof the words

" in ordinary circumstances, " are hereby repealed,

(5) For the purposes of the principal Act, the

expression " insect " shall include bacteria and other

vegetable or animal organisms, and any agent causative of

a transmissible crop disease; and the expression "crop "

shall include seed, plant, or any part thereof.

Short title 2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Destructive

and extent. Insects and Pests Act, 1927, and shall be construed as

one with the principal Act, and the Destructive Insects

and Pests Acts, 1877 and 1907, and this Act may be

cited together as the Destructive Insects and Pests Acts,

1877 to 1927.

(2) In the application of this Act to Scotland the

Board of Agriculture for Scotland shall be substituted

for the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to amend certain enactments relating to

mental defectives.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Ch. 33.

413

1927. Mental Deficiency

Act, 1927.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The following section shall be substituted

for section one of the Mental Deficiency Act, 1913 (in

this Act referred to as "the principal Act")—

" 1.—(1) The following classes of persons who

are mentally defective shall be deemed to be

defectives within the meaning of this Act:—

" (a) Idiots, that is to say, persons in whose

case there exists mental defectiveness

of such a degree that they are unable

to guard themselves against common

physical dangers:

" (b)Imbeciles, that is to say, persons in

whose case there exists mental defectiveness which, though not amounting to

idiocy, is yet so pronounced that they

are incapable of managing themselves or

their affairs or, in the case of children, of

being taught to do so:

"(c) Feeble-minded persons, that is to say,

persons in whose case there exists mental

defectiveness which, though not amounting to imbecility, is yet so pronounced

that they require care, supervision and

control for their own protection or for

the protection of others or, in the case

of children, that they appear to be permanently incapable by reason of such

defectiveness of receiving proper benefit

from the instruction in ordinary schools:

" (d) Moral defectives, that is to say, persons

in whose case there exists mental defectiveness coupled with strongly vicious or

criminal propensities and who require

care, supervision and control for the

protection of others.

" (2) For the purposes of this section, ‘ mental

defectiveness’ means a condition of arrested or

incomplete development of mind existing before

the age of eighteen years, whether arising from

inherent causes or induced by disease or injury."

Definition of

defectives.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 28.

414

Ch. 33.

Amendment

of s. 2 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 4 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 6 of

principal

Act.

Amendment

of s. 8 of

principal

Act.

Mental Deficiency 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

2. Section two of the principal Act (which specifies

the circumstances rendering defectives subject to be

dealt with under that Act) shall be amended as follows:—

In paragraph (b) (i) of subsection (1) there

shall be inserted after the word "treated " the

words " or with respect to whom a representation

" has been made to the local authority by his

" parent or guardian that he is in need of care

" or training which cannot be provided in his

" home ":

In paragraph (a) of subsection (2) for the

w ords " way of supervision or guardianship "

there shall be substituted the words "being

" placed under supervision or guardianship or

" sent to an institution."

In paragraph (b) of subsection (2) for the

words " sent to an institution or placed under

guardianship " there shall be substituted the

words " dealt with under this Act by being placed

" under supervision or guardianship or sent to

" an institution."

3. Section four of the principal Act shall be amended

by the substitution for the words "so be dealt with " of the words "be sent to an institution or placed under

" guardianship."

4. Proviso (a)to subsection (3) of section six of the principal Act shall be amended by the insertion

after the -words " cannot be found " of the words "or

" that, by reason of the parent or guardian being abroad,

" any attempt to obtain his consent would result in

" undue delay in dealing with the petition."

5. If in any case in which, under section eight of the

principal Act, a court has directed a petition to be

presented against any person and ordered that person to

be detained pending the presentation of the petition and

the adjudication thereof, it is found impracticable to

present a petition or the petition is dismissed, then, unless

the court has otherwise ordered, that person shall, until

he can again be brought before the court, be dealt with

as follows (that is to say) :—

(a) If the place in which he is being detained under

the order of the court is a prison or a place of

1927.

Mental Deficiency

Act, 1927.

Ch. 33.

415

detention provided under section one hundred

and eight of the Children Act, 1908, he shall 8 Edw. 7.

continue to be detained in that prison or place; c. 67.

(b) If the place in which he is being so detained is

not a prison or such a place of detention as

aforesaid, he shall be removed therefrom to a

prison or, if he is a child or young person, to a

place of detention, or, if in the opinion of the

Secretary of State it is inexpedient that he

should be removed to a place of detention, then

to such other place as the Secretary of State

may by order direct.

6. — (1) Where a defective who under an order has Amendment

been sent to an institution or has been placed in an of s. 11 of

institution by a parent or guardian is absent therefrom, principal

whether under licence or otherwise, in accordance with any Act *

regulations made under section forty-one of the principal

Act, the local authority may, for the purposes of the

special report mentioned in paragraph (b) of subsection (4)

of section eleven of the principal Act, make arrangements

for his examination by a duly qualified medical practitioner residing in the locality where the defective for

the time being is, and the report made in any such

case shall state whether, in the opinion of the medical

practitioner, the continuance of the order is required in

the interests of the defective.

(2) Any expenses incurred by a local authority in

connection with any such arrangement as aforesaid shall

be defrayed in like manner as the expenses of a local

authority under section thirty-three of the principal

Act.

7. — (1) Section twenty-one of the principal Act Amendment

(which relates to the central authority) shall have effect of ss. 21 and

as if after the word "supervision " there were inserted 3 ? of l , rin -

the words "training, occupation." cipa Act -

(2) Section thirty of the principal Act (which

relates to the general powers and duties of local

authorities) shall have effect as though—

(i) after paragraph (c) thereof there were inserted

the following paragraph :—

" (cc) to provide suitable training or

occupation for defectives who are under supervision or guardianship or have been sent to

certified institutions."

410

Ch. 33.

Incorporation of

joint bodies

constituted

under s. 29

of principal

Act.

Amendment

of a. 44 of

principal

Act.

Institutions

for mental

defectives.

Mental Deficiency 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

(ii) in proviso (i) thereto there were substituted for

the words "paragraphs (b), (c), (d), and (gr), "

the words "paragraphs (&), (c), (cc), (d ), and (g) ";

(iii) at the end thereof there were added the following

proviso:—

(v) a local authority shall be under no

obligation to provide training or occupation

in the case of any defective under supervision

if they satisfy the Board that there are in his

case adequate reasons for not so doing.

8. Every joint committee or joint board constituted

under section twenty-nine of the principal Act shall be a

body corporate by such name as the order constituting

the committee (whether the order was made before or

after the passing of this Act) may direct, and shall have

perpetual succession and a common seal, and may hold

land for the purpose of their powers and duties without

licence in mortmain.

9 . Section forty-four of the principal Act (which

relates to the determination of residence) shall be

amended by the insertion therein after subsection (2)

of the following new subsection :—

(2a) Where the order is made by a judicial

authority and is in respect of a person in an institution for lunatics, certified institution, approved

home, or other public or charitable institution,

that person shall, for the purposes of the provisions of the last foregoing section, be deemed to

have resided in the place which was his place of

residence immediately before he was received into

the institution or home, and if for the purposes of

or in connection with his reception into the institution or home any place was determined to have

been his place of residence, that determination

shall be conclusive.

10 . —(1) A local authority by which any certified

institution is provided may contract with any other

local authority for the reception and maintenance in

the institution of persons for whose reception and

maintenance that other local authority is by the

principal Act required or authorised to make provision.

1027.

Mental Deficiency

Act, 1927.

Cir. 23, 34.

417

(2) Subject to the approval of the Board of Control

and the Board of Education, the council of a county or

county borough may, in the exercise of its functions as a

local authority for the purposes of the principal Act and

as a local education authority, provide and maintain

institutions .to be used both as certified institutions

under the principal Act and as certified schools for

defective children under the Education Act, 1921, and 11 & 12

the council shall determine in what proportions the Geo. 5. c. f>l.

expenses incurred in the provision and maintenance of

any such institutions ought to be treated as having been

incurred by the council in the exercise of its functions as

a local authority under the principal Act and in the

exercise of its functions as a local education authority

respectively, and the said expenses shall be defrayed

accordingly.

11. This Act may be cited as the Mental Deficiency Short title

Act, 1927, and the Mental Deficiency Acts, 1913 to and con-

1919, the Mental Deficiency (Amendment) Act, 1925,

and this Act, may be cited together as the Mental

Deficiency Acts, 1913 to 1927.

struction.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 53.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to continue certain expiring laws.

[22nd December 1927.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act are, in so far as they are in force and

are temporary in their duration, limited to expire, as

respects those mentioned in Parts I. and II. of that

Schedule, on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven, and the first day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, respectively; as

respects those mentioned in Part III. thereof, on the

thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-

eight; and, as respects those mentioned in Part IV.

thereof, in England on the twenty-fifth day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and in Scotland on

the twenty-eighth day of May, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight:

Dd

418

Crr. 34.

Expiring Laws 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Continuance Act, 1927.

Continuance

of Acts in

Schedule.

Short title

and application to

Northern

Ireland.

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Acts mentioned in Parts I. and II. of the Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified *

in column three of that Schedule, he continued until the

thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, and shall then expire, unless further

continued.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part III. of the Schedule

to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three

of that Schedule, he continued until the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, and shall

then expire, unless further continued.

(3) The Acts mentioned in Part IV. of the Schedule

to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three

of that Schedule, he continued in England until the

twenty-fifth day of December, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight, and in Scotland until the twenty-eighth

day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine.

(4) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting

the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far

as they are temporary in their duration, be continued

in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the

Schedule to this Act or not.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring

Laws Continuance Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in

so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a

subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has not power to make laws, but subject to this

provision this Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

1927. Expiring Laws Ch. 34.

Continuance Act, 1927.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

i.

Session and

Chapter.

2 .

[Short Title.]

3. ! 4.

How far continued.

Amending Acts.

(D

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 60.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The whole Act

(2)

58 & 51) Vict,

c. 21.

(3)

4Edw, 7. c.24.

The Seal Fisheries The whole Act

(North Pacific)

Act, 1895.

The Wireless Tele- The whole Act

graphy Act, 1904.

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 59.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 48.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 71.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 7.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 53.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 37.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

7 Edw. 7.

e. 44.

9 Edw. 7.

c. 42.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 55.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 10.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 67.

16 & 17 Geo.5.

n. 54.

419

Dd 2

420

Ch. 34.

Expiring Laws 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Continuance Act > 1927.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How fur continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(4)

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

The Coal Mines

The whole Act

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 2.

(Minimum Wage)

Act, 1912.

c. 50.

(5)

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 3.

The Grey Seals Protection Act, 1914.

The whole Act.

(6)

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

The Courts (Emer-

So far as it relates

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 78.

gency Powers)

to orders made by

c. 13.

(7)

Act, 1914.

any court before

the thirty-first

day of August,

nineteen hundred

and twenty-two.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 18.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 25

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 64.

10&llGco.5.

c. 5.

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 8.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

The Local Govern-

Sections sis, seven,

c. 12.

ment (Emergency

Provisions) Act,

1916.

i

and nine; subsection (7) of section

thirteen; paragraph (3) of section twenty-two.

(8)

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

The Local Govern-

The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo 5

c. 55.

ment (Emergency

Provisions) (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

i

c. 12.

(9)

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Statutory Un-

So far as it relates

10 & 11 Geo 5.

c. 34.

dertakings (Temporary Increase

of Charges) Act,

1918.

to tramway undertakings.

c. 14.

(10)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 35.

The Housing, Town

Planning, &c.

Act, 1919.

Section twenty-five.

(ID

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 60.

The Housing, Town

Planning, &c.

(Scotland) Act,

1919.

Section twenty-two.

1927.

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1927.

Ch. 34.

421

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(12)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 92.

The Aliens Restriction (Amendment)

Act, 1919.

Section one.

(13)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Land Settle-

Sections one and

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

c. 97.

ment (Scotland)

Act, 1919.

two.

c. 52.

(14)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Harbours, Docks

The whole Act

12 & 13 Geo.5.

c. 21.

and Piers (Temporary Increase

of Charges) Act,

1920.

c. 23.

(15)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Ministry of

So far as it autho-

c. 47.

Food (Continuance) Act, 1920.

rises the making,

or revoking in

whole or in part,

of Part III. of the Sale of Food

Order, 1921, and

provides for the

enforcement and

imposes penalties

for the breach

thereof.

(1C)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 57.

The Unemployment

(Relief Works)

Act, 1920.

The whole Act.

(17)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Shops (Early

The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo.5.

c. 58.

Closing) Act, 1920.

c. 60.

(18)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c. 65.

The Employment of

Women, Young

Persons and

Children Act,

1920.

Section two.

(19)

11 & 12 Geo.5.

c. 60.

The .National Health

Insurance (Prolongation of Insurance) Act,

1921.

The whole Act.

i

422 Ch. 34. Expiring Laws 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Continuance Act, 1927.

1 .

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(20)

12 & 13 Geo.5.

c. 27.

The Canals (Continuance of Charging Powers) Act.

1922.

The whole Act

15 & lGGeo.5.

c. 2.

(21)

14 & 15 Geo.5.

c. 38.

The National Health

Insurance Act.

1924.

Section fifty-four.

(22)

16 & 17 Geo.5.

c. 12.

The Unemployment

Insurance Act,

1926.

The whole Act.

Part II.

(23)

14 & 15 Geo.5.

The London Traffic

The whole Act.

c. 34.

Act, 1924.

Part III.

(24)

59 & 60 Vict.

The Agricultural

The whole Act

2 Edw. 7.

c. 16.

Rates Act, 1896.

c. 42.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 39.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 10.

(25)

59 & 60 Vict.

The Agricultural

The whole Act

60 & 61 Vict.

c. 37.

Rates, Congested

Districts, and

Burgh Land Tax

Relief (Scotland)

Act, 1896.

c. 53.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 49.

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 39.

16 & 17 Geo.5.

c. 47.

1927.

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1927.

Ch. 34, 35.

423

1 .

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acts.

(20)

I3&14 Geo.5.

The Agricultural

The whole Act,

15 & 10 Geo.5.

c. 39.

Rates Act, 1923.

except section

e. 10.

fifteen.

16 & 17 Geo.5.

c. 47.

Part IV.

(27)

10 (fell Geo.5.

The Increase of Rent

The whole Act

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 17.

and Mortgage In-

c. 32.

terest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

14 & 15 Geo.5.

c. IS.

15 & 16 Geo.5.

c. 32.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend the law relating to the offices

of Sheriff Clerk, Procurator Fiscal, and Commissary Clerk in Scotland, and to make further

provision regarding Sheriff Courts.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Sheriff Clerks, Procurators Fiscal, &c.

1.—(1) The right of appointing to and removing

from the office of sheriff clerk shall be vested in one

of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State. There

shall be a sheriff clerk for each county in Scotland as

heretofore, provided that it shall be lawful for the

Secretary of State, where the division of sheriff court

Appointment of

sheriff

clerk and

procurator

fiscal.

424

Ch. 35.

Appointment of

sheriff clerk

and procurator fiscal

deputes.

Whole-time

sheriff

clerks and

procuraters

fiscal and

deputes.

Vacancy in

office of

sheriff clerk,

procurator

fiscal or

deputes.

Sheriff Courts and 17 & 18 Geo. 5-

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

districts or other circumstances appear to him to render

such a course expedient, to appoint a sheriff clerk for an

area other than a county whether situated entirely

within one county or not.

(2) The right of appointing to and removing from

the office of procurator fiscal shall he vested in the Lord

Advocate, and the Lord Advocate may with the consent of the Treasury from time to time fix the number of

procurators fiscal in Scotland, and the limits of the

districts for which such procurators fiscal shall act.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in either of the

foregoing subsections, no sheriff clerk or procurator

fiscal shall be removed from his office except upon a

report by the Lord President of the Court of Session and

the Lord Justice Clerk:

Provided that no such report shall be required in

any case of retirement of a sheriff clerk or procurator

fiscal in circumstances which would qualify him for an

award under the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919, or

in consequence of the operation of an age limit.

2. In each county or district the Secretary of

State and the Lord Advocate may respectively, with

the consent of the Treasury as to numbers and salaries,

appoint such sheriff clerk deputes or procurator fiscal

deputes as may be necessary.

3. The Secretary of State in the case of the

office of any sheriff clerk or sheriff clerk depute, and

the Lord Advocate in the case of the office of any procurator fiscal or procurator fiscal depute, and in either

case with the consent of the Treasury, may from time

to time, having regard to the amount of business to

be performed, determine that such office shall be a wholetime office; and no person appointed to any such office

under this Act (in this Act referred to as a whole-time

officer) shall engage directly or indirectly in practice as

a law agent or carry on any employment of such a

nature as will, in the opinion of the Secretary of State

or of the Lord Advocate as the case may be, interfere

with the due discharge of the duties of his office.

4. Iq the case of a vacancy in the office of sheriff

clerk, sheriff clerk depute, procurator fiscal or procurator fiscal depute, or in the case of the incapacity of

any such officer, it shall be lawful for the Secretary of

State and the Lord Advocate respectively to give

1927. Sheriff Courts and Ch. 35. 425

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

directions for the discharge during the vacancy or incapacity of the duties of such officer by any other officer

in the sheriff clerk or procurator fiscal service respectively,

or by any other fit person.

5. The Secretary of State and the Lord Advocate Whole-time

may respectively, with the consent of the Treasury as clerks.

to numbers and salaries, appoint such whole-time clerks

or other whole-time assistants to a sheriff clerk or

procurator fiscal as may be deemed necessary, and such

clerks or other assistants are in this Act referred to as

whole-time clerks.

6. Every whole-time officer or whole-time clerk Tenure of

appointed under this Act shall be deemed to be employed whole-time

in the Civil Service of the State, and if a certificate officers,

has been issued to him by the Civil Service Commissioners,

allowances may be granted in his case accordingly under

the Superannuation Acts.

7. — (1) A sheriff clerk, procurator fiscal, sheriff Existing

clerk depute, procurator fiscal depute or clerk in the officers,

office of a sheriff clerk or procurator fiscal, holding

office at the commencement of this Act (which officers

are hereinafter in this section referred to as existing

sheriff court officers) to whom this section applies

shall, notwithstanding anything in any Act or in the

terms of his appointment, hold his office (subject to

the provisions hereinafter in this section contained) on

the like terms and conditions as if he had been appointed

by the Secretary of State or the Lord Advocate urder

this Act.

(2) No existing sheriff court officer shall for the

purposes of the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1919,

be deemed to be employed in the Civil Service of the

State unless he was less than fifty-five years of age on

the first day of October, nineteen hundred and eighteen,

and has been granted a certificate by the Civil Service

Commissioners, and no account shall be taken for the

purposes of superannuation of any service by such

officer prior to the issue of the certificate, except and in

so far as the Treasury may otherwise direct.

(3) An existing sheriff court officer to whom this

section applies and who is not eligible for a superannuation

allowance shall be deemed to be employed in a public

420

Ch. 35.

50 & 51

Vict. c. G7.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 86.

Sheriff Courts and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

department and shall be retired from his office on

attaining the age of sixty-five years or on the commencement of this Act if he has attained such age prior thereto:

Provided that the service of such officer may, with the

consent of the Treasury, be extended by the Secretary

of State or the Lord Advocate, as the case may be, for

such period and on such conditions as he may direct.

(4) —(a) Where an existing sheriff court officer

to whom this section applies and who attained the

age of fifty-five years on or before the first day of

October, nineteen hundred and eighteen, is required,

by reason only of his having attained any age, to retire

from his employment, the Treasury may grant to him

by Avay of compensation upon his retirement such

gratuity in respect of any period during which he has

been required to devote his whole time to the duties of

his office, not exceeding twice the amount of the salary

and emoluments received by him from any source

whatsoever in respect of his office during his last year

of service, as may seem to them just.

(6) In the case of an existing sheriff court officer

to whom this section applies and who attained the

age of fifty-five years on or before the first day of October,

nineteen hundred and eighteen, the Treasury may,

if in their opinion any special circumstances of the case

warrant such a course, take account for the purpose of

awarding a compassionate gratuity under section four of the Superannuation Act, 1887, as amended by section

three of the Superannuation Act, 1914, of service rendered

prior to the commencement of this Act.

(c) The decision of the Treasury on any question

which arises as to the application of this subsection to

any person or as to the amount of any gratuity thereunder

shall be final.

(5) Any remuneration received by any existing

sheriff court officer from any source whatsoever in respect

of his office during any period of which account may be

taken for the purpose of this section shall, for the purpose

of authorising the grant of an allowance or a gratuity

under tills section, be deemed to have been paid out of

moneys provided by Parliament.

(6) This section applies to any existing sheriff

court officer in whose case the Secretary of State if

1927.

Sheriff Courts and

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Ch. 35.

427

the officer is in the sheriff clerk service, and the Lord

Advocate if the officer is in the procurator fiscal service,

with in either case the consent of the Treasury, directs

that it shall apply: Provided always that no such

direction shall be given in the case of any sheriff clerk

or procurator fiscal without his consent if he was appointed

to his office prior to the first day of October, nineteen

hundred and twenty, and any sheriff clerk or procurator

fiscal in whose case no such direction is given shall

continue to hold his office on the terms on which he held

it at the commencement of this Act.

(7) An existing sheriff court officer whose consent is

required to a direction under this section, or who is

entitled to exercise any option with respect to retirement or to the conditions on which he shall hold his

office after the commencement of this Act, shall be

entitled to give such consent or exercise such option at

any time within one year after the passing of this Act.

8. —(1) The Secretary of State as regards sheriff

clerks and the Lord Advocate as regards procurators

fiscal may from time to time issue such instructions as

may be deemed necessary for the purpose of giving effect

to the provisions of this Act.

(2) The Secretary of State may from time to time

by order make such modifications and adaptations of the provisions of any enactment as may be necessary

in consequence of the exercise of the power vested in

him by subsection (1) of section one of this Act to

appoint a sheriff clerk for an area other than a county.

9. Notwithstanding anything contained in section

two of this Act, it shall be lawful for a sheriff clerk

with the consent of the Secretary of State, and for a

procurator fiscal with the consent of the Lord Advocate,

to grant a deputation to a fit person for whose actings

(except in the case where such person is a whole-time

clerk) he shall be responsible.

10. The commissary clerk of Edinburgh shall, for

the purposes of this Act, be deemed to be a sheriff clerk,

and the provisions of this Act with regard to sheriff clerk

deputes and clerks in the office of sheriff clerks shall

apply to deputes and clerks in the office of the said

commissary clerk accordingly.

Secretary of

State may

issue instructions,

&c.

Deputation

by sheriff

clerk or

procurator

fiscal.

Application

to officers

in commissary office.

428

Ch. 35.

Power to

unite offices.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 101.

Prosecutions at

instance of

procurator

fiscal.

Expenses.

Appointment of

interim

sheriff

substitute

pending

vacancy.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 51.

Sheriff Courts and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

11. —(1) It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State

by Order or Orders to direct that the office of the sheriff

clerk of Midlothian, the office of sheriff clerk of chancery,

and the office of commissary clerk of Edinburgh, or any

two of such offices, shall be united to the effect that the

offices shall be held and the duties thereof discharged

by one and the same person.

(2) Section fifty-four of the Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868, in so far as it directs that the

salary to be paid to the sheriff clerk of chancery shall be

payable out of the funds from which the salaries of

sheriffs of counties are payable shall cease to have effect,

and the said salary shali be paid out of moneys to be

provided by Parliament.

12. It shall be lawful for the Lord Advocate, after

consultation with the Treasury, by Order to direct in

the case of any Act of Parliament that, notwithstanding

anything therein contained all proceedings in the sheriff

court under the Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Acts

for a contravention of or an offence against such Act

of Parliament shall be taken by and at the instance

of the procurator fiscal, and, where any such Order has

been made, all fines imposed or expenses awarded to the

procurator fiscal in any such proceedings shall be paid

into the Exchequer and the expenses incurred by the

procurator fiscal in any such proceedings shall be paid

by the Exchequer.

13. The salaries, allowances, pensions, gratuities,

and any other sums payable under this Part of this Act

shall be paid out of moneys provided by Parliament.

Part II.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

14. An appointment in pursuance of section sixteen

of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907, of a person to

act ad interim, in the place of a sheriff substitute to

whom leave of absence has been granted, shall, in the

event of a vacancy occurring in the office of such sheriff

substitute prior to the expiry of the period of leave of

absence, have effect as an appointment to act as sheriff

substitute until the vacancy shall be filled.

1927.

Sheriff Courts and

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Cir. 35.

429

15. Paragraph 13 of the First Schedule to the Fees in

Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, in so far as it workmen’s

excludes from application to Scotland paragraph 12 compensa-

of the said Schedule shall cease to have effect and tion P r °-

accordingly in the said paragraph 13 the words from ings ‘

" and in its application " to the end of the paragraph r ’

i ill 11 V.TLO, i). C. ot«

shall be repealed.

16. The Court of Session may from time to time Court of

by Act of Sederunt prescribe any form of procedure in the Session may

sheriff’s ordinary or small debt court or in proceedings prescribe

for the confirmation of executors, or any other form forms

required in connection with any duty devolving on a

sheriff clerk or the form of any register required to be

kept by a sheriff clerk and the particulars to be entered

therein, and, where any such form as aforesaid is prescribed

by any Act of Parliament, the Court may, notwithstanding

anytliing in such Act contained, in the exercise of the

power hereinbefore conferred, alter or amend any such

form or cancel the same and substitute another form

therefor. The foregoing provisions shall not extend to

forms of procedure under the Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Acts.

17. Where a sheriff clerk is required under section Recording

twenty-three of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925, ofmemor-

to record a memorandum in the special register, it shall aruia In ,

be sufficient compliance with such requirement if the co°npensa S

sheriff clerk endorses and signs a note on the memorandum ti 0 n pro-

specifying the date of recording of the same and retains ccedings.

such memorandum, which shall in any such case be

deemed to be recorded in and to form part of such

special register.

18. On an application to the sheriff or sheriff sub- Fee for constitute under section five of the Dogs Act, 1906, for sent to exconsent to the grant of a certificate of exemption from

duty in respect of a dog, there shall be chargeable such excise" 1

fee, not exceeding one shilling, as may be prescribed by ]j ce nce.

Act of Sederunt under the said section, and the words in G Edw. 7.

subsection (2) of the said section from " No fee " to the c. 32.

end of the subsection are hereby repealed.

19. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State Calendar of

by Order to direct that the calendar of confirmations confirma-

and inventories prepared under section forty-five of the tions -

430

39 & 40Viet,

c. 70.

Summary of

complain) s

at instance

of procurator fiscal.

Amendment

of 7 Edw. 7.

c. 61.

Commencement of BPC.

tions 14 to 20.

Repeals.

Commence,

ment,

extent and

short title.

Ch. 35. Sheriff Courts and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1876, shall contain, in

lieu of the particulars specified in the said section, such

particulars as may be prescribed in the Order and that

copies of such calendar shall be sent to such persons as

may be prescribed in lieu of the persons specified in the

said section, and to prescribe the particulars which shall be

included in the lists or registers furnished by the sheriff

clerk to the commissary clerk in pursuance of the said

section.

20. A complaint under the Summary Jurisdiction

(Scotland) Acts at the instance of a person discharging

the duties of procurator fiscal for any district, may, in

the event of that person dying or ceasing to be entitled to

discharge the duties of procurator fiscal for such district,

be taken up and proceeded with by any other person

entitled to discharge such duties.

21. Rule 85 of the First Schedule to the Sheriff

Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907, shall be amended by the

substitution for the words "if the same shall not have

" been sooner appealed against " of the words "unless

" either an appeal has been taken or leave to appeal has

" been applied for, " and by the addition at the end of the Rule of the words "provided that an application for

" leave to appeal shall not preclude the issuing of extract

" unless leave is granted and an appeal is taken within

" seven days after leave is granted."

22. The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act

shall come into operation on the passing thereof.

23. The enactments specified in the Schedule are

hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third

column of that Schedule.

24. — (1) This Act shall (save as otherwise expressly

provided) come into operation on such date not later

than the expiry of three months after the passing of the

Act, as may be fixed by the Secretary of State.

(2) This Act shaT extend to Scotland only, and

may be cited as the Sheriff Courts and Legal Officers

(Scotland) Act, 1927.

1927.

431

Sheriff Courts and Ch. 35, 30.

Legal Officers (Scotland) Act, 1927.

SCHEDULE.

Session and

Chapter.

Short Title. 1

i

Extent of Repeal.

1 & 2 Vict.

The Sheriff Courts (Scotland)

Section twenty-

c. 119.

Act, 1838.

eight.

39 & 40 Vict.

The Sheriff Courts (Scotland)

Section forty.

c. 70.

Act. 1870.

7 Edw. 7. c. 51

The Sheriff Courts (Scotland)

Sections twenty-two

Act, 1907.

to twenty-four.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to provide for the payment of compensation

for improvements and goodwill to tenants of

premises used for business purposes, or the

grant of a new lease in lieu thereof; and to

amend the law of landlord and tenant.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Compensation for Improvements and Goodwill on

THE TERMINATION OF TENANCIES OF BUSINESS

Premises,

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, a tenant of a holding to which this Part of this Act applies shall, if a claim for the purpose is made in

the prescribed manner—

(a) in the case of a tenancy terminated by notice,

within one month after the notice was served

on or by the tenant; and

(b) in any other case, not more than thirty-six nor

less than twelve months before the termination

of the tenancy;

Section 23.

Tenant’s

right to

compensation for

improvements.

432 Ch. 30. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

be entitled, at the termination of the tenancy, on quitting

his holding, to be paid by his landlord compensation in

respect of any improvement (including the erection of

any building) on his holding made by him or his

predecessors in title, not being a trade or other fixture

which the tenant is by law entitled to remove, which

at the termination of the tenancy adds to the letting

value of the holding:

Provided that the sum to be paid as compensation

for any improvement shall not exceed—

(a) the net addition to the value of the holding as

a whole which may be determined to be the

direct result of the improvement; or

(b) the reasonable cost of carrying out the improvement at the termination of the tenancy, subject

to a deduction of an amount equal to the

cost (if any) of putting the Avorks constituting

the improvement into a reasonable state of

repair, except so far as such cost is covered

by the liability of the tenant under any

coA r enant or agreement as to the repair of the

premises.

(2) In determining the amount of such net addition

as aforesaid, regard shall be had to the purposes for

which it is intended that the premises shall be used

after the termination of the tenancy, and if it is shoAvn

that it is intended to demolish or to make structural

alterations in the premises or any part thereof or to use

the premises for a different purpose, regard shall be had

to the effect of such demolition, alteration or change of

user on the additional value attributable to the improvement, and to the length of time likely to elapse betAveen

the termination of the tenancy and the demolition,

alteration or change of user.

(3) In the absence of agreement between the

parties, all questions as to the right to compensation

under this section, or as to the amount thereof, shall be

determined by the tribunal hereinafter mentioned, and if

the tribunal determines that, on account of the intention

to demolish or alter or to change the user of the

premises, no compensation or a reduced amount of compensation shall be paid, the tribunal may authorise a

further application for compensation to be made by the

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 36.

433

tenant if effect is not given to the intention within such

ti m e as may be fixed by the tribunal.

2.—(1) A tenant shall not be entitled to compensation under this Part of this Act—

(a) in respect of any improvement made before the

commencement of this Act; or

(b) in respect of any improvement made in pursuance

of a statutory obligation, or of any improvement which the tenant or his predecessors in

title were under an obligation to make in

pursuance of a contract entered into, whether

before or after the passing of this Act, for

valuable consideration, including a building

lease; or

(c) in respect of any improvement made less than

three years before the termination of the

tenancy j or

(d) if within two months after the making of the

claim under section one, subsection (1), of this Act the landlord serves on the tenant notice

that he is willing and able to grant to the

tenant, or obtain the grant to him of, a renewal

of the tenancy at such rent and for such term

as, failing agreement, the tribunal may consider

reasonable; and, where such a notice is so served

and the tenant does not within one month from

the service of the notice send to the landlord

an acceptance in writing of the offer, the tenant

shall be deemed to have declined the offer.

(2) Where an offer of the renewal of a tenancy by

the landlord under this section is accepted by the tenant,

the rent fixed by the tribunal shall be the rent which

in the opinion of the tribunal a willing lessee other than

the tenant would agree to give and a willing lessor would

agree to accept for the premises, having regard to the

terms of the lease, but irrespective of the value

attributable to the improvement in respect of which

compensation would have been payable.

(3) The tribunal in determining the compensation for

an improvement shall in reduction of the tenant’s claim

take into consideration any benefits which the tenant

or his predecessors in title may have received from the

E e

Limitation

on tenant’s

right to

compensation in

certain

cases.

434 Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

landlord or his predecessors in title in consideration

expressly or impliedly of the improvement.

Landlord’s 3.—(1) Where a tenant of a holding to which this

right to Part of this Act applies proposes to make an improve-

object. ment on his holding, he shall serve on his landlord

notice of his intention to make such improvement,

together with a specification and plan showing the

proposed improvement and the part of the existing

premises affected thereby, and if the landlord, within

three months after the service of the notice, serves on the

tenant notice of objection, the tenant may, in the prescribed manner, apply to the tribunal, and the tribunal

may, after ascertaining that notice of such intention has

been served upon any Superior landlords interested and

after giving such persons an opportunity of being

heard, if satisfied that the improvement—

(a) is of such a nature as to be calculated to add

to the letting value of the holding at the

termination of the tenancy; and

(b) is reasonable and suitable to the character

thereof: and

' •

(c) will not diminish the value of any other property

belonging to the same landlord, or to any

superior landlord from whom the immediate landlord of the tenant directly or indirectly holds;

and after making such modifications (if any) in the

specification or plan as the tribunal thinks fit, or imposing such other conditions as the tribunal may think

reasonable, certify in the prescribed maimer that the

improvement is a proper improvement:

Provided that, if the landlord proves that he has

offered to execute the improvement himself in consideration of a reasonable increase of rent, or of such

increase of rent as the tribunal may determine, the

tribunal shall not give a certificate under this section

unless it is subsequently shown to the satisfaction of the tribunal that the landlord has failed to carry out his

undertaking.

(2) In considering whether the improvement is

reasonable and suitable to the character of the holding,

the tribunal shall have regard to any evidence brought

before it by the landlord or any superior landlord

(but not any other person) that the improvement is

1927. Landlord and Tenant Ch. 36. 435

Act, 1927.

calculated to injure the amenity or convenience of the

neighbourhood.

(3) The tenant shall, at the request of any superior

landlord or at the request of the tribunal, supply such

copies of the plans and specifications of the proposed

improvement as may be required.

(4) Where no such notice of objection as aforesaid

to a proposed improvement has been served within the

time allowed by this section, or where the tribunal has

certified an improvement to be a proper improvement,

it shall be lawful for the tenant as against the immediate and any superior landlord to execute the improvement according to the plan and specification served on

the landlord, or according to such plan and specification

as modified by the tribunal or by agreement between the

tenant and the landlord or landlords affected, anything in

any lease of the premises to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall authorise a tenant to execute an improvement in contravention

of any restriction created or imposed—

(a) for naval, military or air force purposes;

(b) for civil aviation purposes under the powers of the Air Navigation Act, 1920; 10 & 11

(c) for securing any rights of the public over the Geo - 5 - c - 80

foreshore or bed of the sea.

(5) A tenant shall not be entitled to claim compensation under this Part of this Act in respect of any

improvement unless he has, or his predecessors in title

have, served notice of the proposal to make the improvement under this section, and (in case the landlord has

served notice of objection thereto) the improvement has

been certified by the tribunal to be a proper improvement and the tenant has complied with the conditions,

if any, imposed by the tribunal, nor unless the improvement is completed within such time after the service on

the landlord of the notice of the proposed improvement

as may be agreed between the tenant and the landlord

or may be fixed by the tribunal, and where proceedings

have been taken before the tribunal, the tribunal may

defer making any order as to costs until the expiration of the time so fixed for the completion of the improvement.

(6) Where a tenant has executed an improvement

of which he has served notice in accordance with this

436 Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

section and with respect to which either no notice of

objection has been served by the landlord or a certificate

that it is a proper improvement has been obtained from

the tribunal, the tenant may require the landlord to

furnish to him a certificate that the improvement has

been duly executed; and if the landlord refuses or fails

within one month after the service of the requisition to

do so, the tenant may apply to the tribunal who, if

satisfied that the improvement has been duly executed,

shall give a certificate to that effect.

Where the landlord furnishes such a certificate, the

tenant shall be liable to pay any reasonable expenses

incurred for the purpose by the landlord, and if any

question arises as to the reasonableness of such expenses,

it shall be determined by the tribunal.

Compensa- 4.—(1) The tenant of a holding to which this Part of

tion for this Act applies shall, if a claim for the purpose is made

goodwill. i n the prescribed manner—

(i) in the case of a tenancy terminated by notice,

within one month after the service of the notice

on the tenant; and

(ii) in any other ease, not more than thirty-six nor

less than twelve months before the termination

of the tenancy;

be entitled, at the termination of the tenancy on quitting

the holding, to be paid by his landlord compensation for

goodwill if he proves to the satisfaction of the tribunal

that by reason of the carrying on by him or his predecessors in title at the premises of a trade or business

for a period of not less than five years goodwill has

become attached to the premises by reason whereof the

premises could be let at a higher rent than they would

have realised had no such goodwill attached thereto:

Provided that—

(a) the sum to be awarded as compensation for

such goodwill shall not exceed such addition

to the value of the holding at the termination

of the tenancy as may be determined to be

the direct result of the carrying on of the

trade or business by the tenant or his predecessors in title, and in determining such

addition the tribunal shall, if it is proved that

the premises will be demolished wholly or

partially, or used for a different and more

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

437

profitable purpose, have regard to the effect

of such demolition or change of user on the

value of the goodwill to the landlord;

(b) the tenant shall not be entitled to compensation in respect of such goodwill if within

two months after the making of the claim

the landlord serves on the tenant notice that

he is willing and able to grant to the tenant,

or obtain the grant to him of a renewal of,

the tenancy of the premises at which the

trade or business is carried on at such rent

and for such term not exceeding fourteen

years as, failing agreement, the tribunal may

consider reasonable; and if the tenant does

not witlfin one month from the service of the

notice send to the landlord an acceptance in

writing of the offer the tenant shall be deemed

to have declined the offer;

(c) in the case of licensed premises the sum payable

as compensation for goodwill under this

section shall not include any addition to

the value of the premises attributable to the

fact that the premises are licensed premises;

(d) the tribunal shall, in determining the amount

of compensation for goodwill—

(i) have regard to the intentions of the

tenant as to carrying on the trade or

business elsewhere, and may make it a

condition of its award that the tenant

shall undertake not to carry on the trade

or business within such distance of the

premises as may be specified in the award;

and

(ii) disregard any value which is attributable exclusively to the situation of the

premises;

(e) where the landlord proves that the value of the goodwill has been created or increased

owing to restrictions imposed by the landlord, whether by agreement with the tenant

or not, upon the letting for a competitive

trade or business of other premises in the

neighbourhood owned by or under the control

of the landlord, the tribunal shall have regard

438 Ch. 30. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

thereto and may refuse the application for

compensation or may award a reduced amount

of compensation;

(f) compensation under this section shall not

be payable if the tenant has determined

the tenancy or failed to exercise an option

for a further term contained in the lease or

in a collateral agreement, unless, in the case

of an option, the terms of the option are such

that the tenant could not reasonably be

expected to exercise it;

(g) where any government department, or a local

or public authority, or a charity, or a statutory

or public utility company have, in pursuance

of the powers contained in the lease,

terminated the lease by resuming possession

of the premises for the purpose of the

department or any other government department, or of the authority, or of the charity,

or of the undertaking of the company, or

where premises the tenancy whereof has

expired by effluxion of time are required

for any such purpose no compensation shall

be payable under this section.

(2) For the purposes of this section, premises

shall be deemed to be used for a more profitable purpose

if, but not unless, the rent which the landlord could

obtain for the premises if used for that purpose would

be greater than the rent which could be obtained if they

were used for the purpose of the trade or business

carried on by the tenant.

(3) Where an offer of the renewal of a tenancy by

the landlord under this section is accepted by the tenant,

the rent fixed by the tribunal shall be the rent which

in the opinion of the tribunal a willing lessee other tha n

the tenant would agree to give and a willing lessor

would agree to accept for the premises having regard to

the terms of the lease, but irrespective of the value of

any goodwill which may have become attached to the

premises by reason of the tenant or his predecessors

in title having carried on thereat a particular trade or

business.

(4) In the absence of agreement between the parties,

all questions as to the right to compensation under this

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 36.

439 •

section, and as to the amount thereof, shall he determined by the tribunal.

5. — (1) Where the tenant alleges that, though he

would be entitled to compensation under the last foregoing section, the sum which could be awarded to him

under that section would not compensate him for the

loss of goodwill he will suffer if he removes to and

carries on his trade or business in other premises, he may

in lieu of claiming such compensation, at any time

within the period allowed for making a claim under

the said section, serve on the landlord notice requiring

a new lease of the premises at which the trade or business

is carried on to be granted to him.

(2) Where such a notice is so served, the tribunal, on

application being made for the purpose either by the

landlord or by the tenant not less than nine months

before the termination of the tenancy, or, where the

tenancy is terminated by notice, within two months after

the service of the notice, may, if it considers that the

grant of a new tenancy is in all the circumstances

reasonable, order the grant of a new tenancy for such

period (being a term of years absolute) not exceeding

fourteen years and on such terms as the tribunal may

determine to be proper, but if the tribunal is precluded

on any of the grounds mentioned in paragraph (b) of

the following subsection from making such an order

the tribunal may award such compensation as is provided

under the last foregoing section:

Provided that the rent fixed by the tribunal as the

rent payable under the new tenancy shall be such rent

as the tribunal may determine to be the rent which

a willing lessee other than the tenant would agree to

give and a willing lessor would agree to accept for the

premises, having regard to the terms of the tenancy,

but irrespective of any goodwill which may have become

attached to the premises by reason of the tenant or his

predecessors in title having carried on thereat a particular

trade or business.

(3) Where the tenant is the applicant, the grant

of a new lease under this section shall not be deemed to

be reasonable—

(a) unless the tenant proves that he is a suitable

tenant and that he would be entitled to compensation under the last foregoing section, but

Right to

new lease

in certain

cases.

440 Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

that the sum which could be awarded to him

under that section would not compensate him

for the loss he would suffer if he removed to

and carried on his trade or business in other

premises; or

(b) if the landlord proves—

(i) that the premises are required for occupation by himself, or, where the landlord is

an individual, for occupation by a son or

daughter of his over eighteen years of

age; or

(ii) that he intends to pull down or remodel

the premises; or

(iii) that vacant possession of the premises

is required in order to carry out a scheme of

re-development; or

(iv) that for any other reason the grant

of such a lease of the premises would not be

consistent with good estate management, and

for this purpose regard shall be had to the

development of any other property of the

same landlord:

Provided that, if the grant of a new lease is refused by

the tribunal on any such ground as is mentioned in

paragraph (6), the tribunal may make it a condition of

refusal that if the landlord fails to carry out his intention

within such period as may be allowed by the tribunal,

the landlord shall pay to the tenant such compensation

as the tribunal may fix not exceeding the amount of the

loss which the tenant has suffered by reason of having

been deprived of his right to the grant of a new lease

under this section.

(4) Where the landlord proves to the satisfaction

of the tribunal that the premises, though not required

immediately on any such ground as aforesaid, will be so

required after the lapse of a certain period, the term for

which the lease is granted shall not extend beyond the

expiration of that period, unless the lease is made subject

to a condition that the landlord may at any time after

the expiration of that period, on giving not less than

sixj'months’ notice in waiting, resume possession of the

premises if he requires them for any such purpose as

aforesaid.

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

441

(5) Every lease granted under this section shall, if

the landlord so requires, be subject to a condition that if

at any time after the expiration of seven years from the

commencement of the term thereof the premises are

required for the purpose of carrying out a scheme of

re-development, the landlord, on satisfying the tribunal

that the premises are so required, and on giving not

less than twelve months’ notice in writing to the tenant,

may determine the lease and resume possession of the

premises upon payment of such compensation as the

tribunal may determine to be the value of the unexpired

residue of the term of the lease.

(6) Where the landlord is a Government department

or a local or public authority or a statutory or public

utility company and it is proved to the satisfaction of the tribunal that the premises, though not required

immediately for the purposes of the department or of

any other Government department or of the authority

or of the undertaking of the company, may be so required

at some future time, the tribunal shall not order the

grant of a lease unless the lease is made subject to a

condition that the landlord may at any time on giving

not less than six months’ notice in writing resume possession of the premises if he requires them for any such

purpose.

(7) The tribunal shall not order the grant of a new

lease under this section if the landlord offers as an alternative thereto to sell to the tenant the landlord’s

interest in the premises for such consideration as, failing

agreement, the tribunal may determine, and the duration

of the landlord’s interest is in the opinion of the tribunal

adequate; and the consideration may as to the whole or

any part thereof, if the tribunal so determines, be in the

form of a terminable rent charge for such amount and of

such duration not exceeding the duration of the landlord’s interest as the tribunal may fix.

(8) No claim for a new lease under this section shall

arise in respect of goodwill attaching to the premises and

attributable to the trade or business carried on thereat

during the term of a new lease granted in pursuance of this section, or of a renewal of a lease granted in lieu of

compensation under the last foregoing section; without

prejudice however to the right to make a claim for

compensation under the last foregoing section in respect

442 Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

of goodwill created during the term of such new lease or

renewal.

(9) Where the immediate landlord is a mesne

landlord, the expression "landlord " in this section shall

include any superior landlord who may be affected by

the order of the tribunal:

Provided that the tenant shall not be under the

obligation to serve a notice under this section on any

landlord except his immediate landlord, but his immediate landlord, if a mesne landlord, shall forthwith

serve a copy of the notice on his immediate landlord, who

shall in his turn forthwith serve a copy thereof on his

immediate landlord if he may be affected by the provisions of this section, and so on; and if any such landlord

fails so to serve a copy of the notice on his immediate

landlord he .shall be liable to pay to the tenant compensation for any loss the tenant may suffer in consequence

of such failure, the amount of such compensation to be

determined by the tribunal.

(10) Where an order for a new lease is made under

this section, the landlord shall be bound to grant, and

the tenant shall be bound to accept, a lease in accordance

with the order:

Provided that, before making an order binding any

superior landlord, the tribunal shall satisfy itself that

notice of the application to the tribunal for a new lease

has been served on him and that he has had an

opportunity of appearing before the tribunal.

(11) Where the term for which, in the opinion of the

tribunal, a new lease should be ordered to be granted

would extend beyond the tertnination of the lease held

by the immediate landlord, the power of the tribunal

under this section to order the grant of a new lease shall

include power to order the grant of such lease and

reversionary leases that the combined effect thereof will

be equivalent to the grant of a new lease for such term

as aforesaid:

Provided that every such lease and reversionary

lease shall be so framed as to confer on the landlord

granting the lease the same rights of distress as he would

have enjoyed had he retained a reversion expectant on

the termination thereof.

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 36.

443

A reversionary lease granted in pursuance of such an

order shall be deemed to be a lease authorised by section

ninety-nine of the Law of Property Act, 1925. 15 Geo. 5-

(12) A new lease under this section shall, if the °- 20 -

landlord so requires, contain a covenant prohibiting the

carrying on of any trade or business and the doing of any

act prohibited by the original lease, unless the landlord

has by licence or otherwise consented to a variation of the original terms of the lease in this respect.

(13) Where it appears to the tribunal that proceedings under this section cannot be completed and a

new lease in accordance with the order of the tribunal

entered into before the termination of the tenancy of the

tenant, and that the delay is not due to any default on the

part of the tenant, the tribunal may make an interim

order authorising the tenant to continue in possession of the premises for such time after the termination of his

tenancy and on such terms as the tribunal may allow.

6. The tenant shall not be entitled to compensation Right of

under section four of this Act or to a new lease under landlord to

section five thereof if within one month after the tenant of Tcr alter ‘

has made a claim under section four, subsection (1), or commoda

served a notice under section five, subsection (1), the tion _

landlord serves on the tenant notice that he is willing

to grant to the tenant at such rent and for such term as

the tribunal may consider reasonable a tenancy of other

premises which, in the opinion of the tribunal, would

reasonably preserve to the tenant the goodwill of his

business.

7. Where in respect of any holding a claim for Provision

compensation has been made both for improvements and yhen claim

for goodwill, and the landlord has offered in lieu of com- I s both for

pensation for either such claim to grant to the tenant, or ^tand

obtain the grant to him of, a renewal of the tenancy, the goodwill,

rent under such renewal shall, if both such claims are

valid, be fixed irrespective of any increased value of the

premises attributable whether to the improvements or to

the goodwill.

8. —(1) Where, in the case of any holding, there Eights of

are several persons standing in the relation to each mesne land-

other of lessor and lessee, the following provisions shall 1

apply:—

Any mesne landlord who has paid or is liable

to pay compensation under this Part of this

444

Ch. 30.

Restriction

on contracting out.

Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Act shall, at the end of his term, be entitled to

compensation from his immediate landlord in

like manner and on the same conditions as if he

had himself made the improvement or created

the goodwill in question, except that it shall

be sufficient if the claim for compensation is

made at least two months before the expiration

of his term:

A mesne landlord shall not be entitled to make a

claim under this section unless he has, within

the time and in the manner prescribed, served

on his immediate superior landlord copies of

all documents relating to proposed improvements and claims which have been sent to him

in pursuance of this Part of this Act:

Where such copies are so served, the said superior

landlord shall have, in addition to the mesne

landlord, the powers conferred by or in pursuance of this Part of this Act in like manner

as if he were the immediate landlord of the

occupying tenant, and shall, in the manner

and to the extent prescribed, be at liberty to

appear before the tribunal and shall be bound

by the proceedings:

Where more than one landlord is concerned and

they do not agree as to whether an offer of the

renewal of the tenancy in lieu of compensation for an improvement or for goodwill

should be made, the matter shall be referred

to the tribunal, and the decision of the tribunal

as to whether or not any such offer is to

be made shall be binding on all the landlords

concerned,

(2) In this section, references to a landlord shall

include references to his predecessors in title.

9. This Part of this Act shall apply notwithstanding

any contract to the contrary, being a contract made at

any time after the eighth day of February, nineteen

hundred and twenty-seven:

Provided that, if on the hearing of a claim or application under this Part of this Act it appears to the

tribunal that a contract made after such date as aforesaid,

so far as it deprives any person of any right under this

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 36.

445

Part of this Act, was made for adequate consideration,

the tribunal shall in determining the matter give effect

thereto.

10 . The landlord of a holding to which tins Part of Right of this Act applies, or any person authorised by him may entry,

at all reasonable times enter on the holding or any part

of it, for the purpose of executing any improvement he

has undertaken to execute and of making any inspection

of the premises which may reasonably be required for the

purposes of this Part of this Act.

11 . —(1) Out of any money payable to a tenant by Right to

way of compensation under this Part of this Act, the mako

landlord shall be entitled to deduct any sum due to him ded uctiona.

from the tenant under or hi respect of the tenancy.

(2) Out of any money due to the landlord from the

tenant under or in respect of the tenancy, the tenant shall

be entitled to deduct any sum payable to him by the

landlord by way of compensation under this Part of this Act.

12 . Section twenty of the Agricultural Holdings Application

Act, 1923 (which relates to charges in respect of money of L* & 14

paid for compensation), as set out and modified in the 5 - c - 9 *

First Schedule to this Act, shall apply to the case of money s '

paid for compensation under this Part of this Act,

including any proper costs, charges, or expenses incurred

by a landlord in opposing any proposal by a tenant to

execute an improvement, or in contesting a claim for

compensation, and to money expended by a landlord in

executing an improvement the notice of a proposal to

execute which has been served on him by a tenant under

this Part of this Act.

13 . — (1)Capital money arising under the Settled Power to

Land Act, 1925 (either as originally enacted or as applied apply and

in relation to trusts for sale by section twenty-eight of raise ca P lt; d

the Law of Property Act, 1925), or under the University ig 0 Q^ 0 ' 5

and College Estates Act, 1925, may be applied— c, ig_

(a) in payment as for an improvement authorised 15 Geo. 5.

by the Act of any money expended and costs c- 24.

incurred by a landlord under or in pursuance of this Part of this Act in or about the execution

of any improvement;

(b) in payment of any sum due to a tenant under

this Part of this Act in respect of compensation

446 Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

for an improvement or goodwill, and any costs,

charges, and expenses incidental thereto;

(c) in payment of the costs, charges, and expenses

of opposing any proposal by a tenant to execute

an improvement.

(2) The satisfaction of a claim for such compensation

as aforesaid shall be included amongst the purposes for

which a tenant for life, statutory owner, trustee for

sale, or personal representative may raise money under

section seventy-one of the Settled Land Act, 1925.

(3) Where the landlord liable to pay compensation

for an improvement or goodwill is a tenant for life or

in a fiduciary position, he may require the sum payable

as compensation and any costs, charges, and expenses

incidental thereto, to be paid out of any capital money

held on the same trusts as the settled land.

In this subsection " capital money " includes any

personal’estate held on the same trusts as the land, and

" settled land " includes land held on trust for sale or

vested in a personal representative.

14 . Where the powers of a landlord to sell or grant

leases are subject to any statutory or other restrictions,

he shall, notwithstanding any such restrictions or any

rule of law to the contrary, be entitled to offer to sell or

grant any such reversion or lease as would under this

Part of this Act relieve him from liability to pay compensation thereunder, and to convey and grant the same,

and to execute any lease which he may be ordered to

grant under this Part of this Act.

15 . — (1)Where the amount which a landlord is

liable to pay as compensation for an improvement under

this Part of this Act has been determined by agreement

or by an award of the tribunal, and the landlord had

before the passing of tins Act granted or agreed to grant

a reversionary lease commencing on or after the termination of the then existing tenancy, the rent payable under

the reversionary lease shall, if the tribunal so directs, be

increased by such amount as, failing agreement, may be

determined by the tribunal having regard to the addition

to the letting value of the holding attributable to the

improvement:

Provided that no such increase shall be permissible

unless the landlord has served or caused to be served on

the reversionary lessee copies of all documents relating

Power to

sell or

grant leases

notwithstanding

restrictions.

Provisions

as to reversionary

leases.

1927. Landbrd and Tenant Ch. 36.

Act, 1927.

to the improvement when proposed which were sent to

the landlord in pursuance of this Part of this Act.

(2) The reversionary lessee shall have the same right

of objection to the proposed improvement and of

appearing and being heard at any proceedings before the

tribunal relative to the proposed improvement as if he

were a superior landlord, and if the amount of compensation for the improvement is determined by the

tribunal, any question as to the increase of rent under the

reversionary lease shall, where practicable, be settled in

the course of the same proceedings.

(3) Where a landlord who would have been liable to

pay compensation for goodwill under this Part of this Act

had, before the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred

and twenty-seven, granted or agreed to grant a reversionary lease commencing on or after the termination

of the then existing tenancy, the landlord shall not be

liable to pay compensation to the tenant for goodwill

under this Part of this Act.

16. Where the landlord is liable to pay any taxes

(otherwise than by deduction from rent) or rates (including water rate) in respect of any premises comprised in a

holding, or has undertaken to pay the premiums on any

fire insurance policy on any such premises, and in consequence of any improvement executed by the tenant

on the premises under this Act the assessment of the

premises or the rate of premium on the policy is increased,

the tenant shall be liable to pay to the landlord sums

equal to the amount by which—

(a) the taxes or rates payable by the landlord are

increased by reason of the increase of such

assessment;

(b) the fire premium payable by the landlord is

increased by reason of the increase in the rate

of premium;

and the sums so payable by the tenant shall be deemed

to be in the nature of rent and shall be recoverable as

such from the tenant, anything to the contrary in the

Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Acts, 1920

to 1925, contained notwithstanding.

17. —(1) The holdings to which this Part of this Act applies are any premises held under a lease, other

than a mining lease, made whether before or after the

commencement of this Act, and used wholly or partly

447

Landlord's

right to reimbursement of

increased

taxes,

rates or

insurance

premiums.

Holdings

to which

Part I.

applies.

448

Provisions

as to covenants to

repair.

Cn.?36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

for carrying on thereat any trade or business, and not

being agricultural holdings within the meaning of the

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923.

(2) This Part of this Act shall not apply to any

holding let to a tenant as the holder of any office,

appointment or employment, from the landlord, and

continuing so long as the tenant holds such office,

appointment or employment, but in the case of a

tenancy created after the commencement of this Act,

only if the contract is in writing and expresses the

purpose for which the tenancy is created.

(3) For the purposes of this section, premises shall

not be deemed to be premises used for carrying on

thereat a trade or business—

(a) by reason of their being used for the purpose of

carrying on thereat any profession;

(b) by reason that the tenant thereof carries on

the business of subletting the premises as residential flats, whether or not the provision of

meals or any other service for the occupants

of the flats is undertaken by the tenant:

Provided that, so far as this Part of this Act relates

to improvements, premises regularly used for carrying

on a profession shall be deemed to be premises used for

carrying on a trade or business.

(4) In the case of premises used partly for purposes

of a trade or business and partly for other purposes,

this Part of this Act shall apply to improvements only

if and so far as they are improvements in relation to

the trade or business.

Part II.

General Amendments oe the Law op

Landlord and Tenant.

18.—(1) Damages for a breach of a covenant

or agreement to keep or put premises in repair during

the currency of a lease, or to leave or put premises in

repair at the termination of a lease, whether such covenant or agreement is expressed or implied, and whether

general or specific, shall in no case exceed the amount

(if any) by which the value of the reversion (whether

immediate or not) in the premises is diminished owing

to the breach of such covenant or agreement as aforesaid; and in particular no damage shall be recovered for

a breach of any such covenant or agreement to leave or

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 3(3.

449

put premises in repair at the termination of a lease, if it

is shown that the premises, in whatever state of repair

they might be, would at or shortly after the termination

of the tenancy have been or be pulled down, or such

structural alterations made therein as would render

valueless the repairs covered by the covenant or

agreement.

(2) A right of re-entry or forfeiture for a breach of

any such covenant or agreement as aforesaid shall not be

enforceable, by action or otherwise, ‘unless the lessor

proves that the fact that such a notice as is required by

section one hundred and forty-six of the Law of Property

Act, 1925, had been served on the lessee was known

either—

(a) to the lessee; or

(b) to an under-lessee holding under an under-lease

which reserved a nominal reversion only to the

lessee; or

(c) to the person who last paid the rent due under

the lease either on his own behalf or as agent

for the lessee or under-lessee;

and that a time reasonably sufficient to enable the repairs

to be executed had elapsed since the time when the fact

of the service of the notice came to the knowledge of any

such person.

Where a notice has been sent by registered post

addressed to a person at his last known place of abode

in the United Kingdom, then, for the purposes of this

subsection, that person shall be deemed, unless the

contrary is proved, to have had knowledge of the fact

that the notice had been served as from the time at

which the letter would have been delivered in the

ordinary course of post.

This subsection shall be construed as one with section

one hundred and forty-six of the Law of Property Act,

1925.

(3) This section applies whether the lease was created

before or after the commencement of this Act.

19.— (1) In all leases whether made before or after Provisions

the commencement of this Act containing a covenant as to cove-

condition or agreement against assigning, underletting,

charging or parting with the possession of demised °

premises or any part thereof without licence or consent, licence or

such covenant condition or agreement shall, notwith- consent.

Ff

450 Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

standing any express provision to the contrary, be

deemed to be subject—

(a) to a proviso to the effect that such licence or

consent is not to be unreasonably withheld, but

this proviso does not preclude the right of the

landlord to require payment of a reasonable

sum in respect of any legal or other expenses

incurred in connection with such licence or

consent; and

(b)(if the lease is for more than forty years, and

is made in consideration wholly or partially of the erection, or the substantial improvement,

addition or alteration of buildings, and the

lessor is not a Government department or local

or public authority, or a statutory or public

utility company) to a proviso to the effect that

in the case of any assignment, under-letting,

charging or parting with the possession (whether

by the holders of the lease or any under-tenant

whether immediate or not) effected more than

seven years before the end of the term no consent or licence shall be required, if notice in

writing of the transaction is given to the lessor

within six months after the transaction is

effected.

(2) In all leases whether made before or after the

commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against the making of improvements

without licence or consent, such covenant condition or

agreement shall be deemed, notwithstanding any express

provision to the contrary, to be subject to a proviso that

such licence or consent is not to be unreasonably withheld; but this proviso does not preclude the right to

require as a condition of such licence or consent the

payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any damage

to or diminution in the value of the premises or any

neighbouring premises belonging to the landlord, and of

any legal or other expenses properly incurred in connection with such licence or consent nor, in the case of

an improvement which does not add to the letting value

of the holding, does it preclude the right to require as a

condition of such licence or consent, where such a

requirement would be reasonable, an undertaking on

the part of the tenant to reinstate the premises in

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 36.

451

the condition in which they were before the improvement was executed.

(3) In all leases whether made before or after the

commencement of this Act containing a covenant condition or agreement against the alteration of the user

of the demised premises, without licence or consent, such

covenant condition or agreement shall, if the alteration

does not involve any structural alteration of the premises,

be deemed, notwithstanding any express provision to the

contrary, to be subject to a proviso that no fine or sum

of money in the nature of a fine, whether by way of

increase of rent or otherwise, shall be payable for or

in respect of such licence or consent; but this proviso

does not preclude the right of the landlord to require

payment of a reasonable sum in respect of any damage

to or diminution in the value of the premises or any

neighbouring premises belonging to him and of any legal

or other expenses incurred in connection with such licence

or consent.

Where a dispute as to the reasonableness of any

such sum has been determined by a court of competent

jurisdiction, the landlord shall be bound to grant the

licence or consent on payment of the sum so determined

to be reasonable.

(4) This section shall not apply to leases of agricultural holdings within the meaning of the Agricultural

Holdings Act, 1923, and paragraph (&) of subsection (1),

subsection (2) and subsection (3) of this section shall not

apply to mining leases.

20 . — (1)An order of apportionment of a rent Apportion-

reserved by a lease or any such other rent or payment ment of

as is mentioned in section ten of the Inclosure Act, en L 8 ‘ lw .

1854, may be made by the Minister of Agriculture and c 7 g7 lct ‘

Fisheries under sections ten to fourteen of that Act, on

the application of any person interested in the rent or

payment, or any part thereof, or in the land in respect

of which such rent or payment is payable, without the

concurrence of any other person:

Provided that the Minister may in any such case,

on the application of any person entitled to the rent

or payment or any part thereof, require as a condition of

making the order that any apportioned part of the rent

or payment which does not exceed the yearly sum of two

pounds shall be redeemed forthwith in accordance with

Ff 2

452

Ch. 36.

Provisions

as to

tribunal.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 43.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 73.

Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

section one hundred and ninety-one of the Law of

Property Act, 1925.

(2) Where the reason for the application was due

to any action taken by a person other than the applicant,

the Minister shall, notwithstanding anything in section

fourteen of the Inclosure Act, 1854, have power to direct

by whom and in what manner the expenses of the

application or any part thereof are to be paid.

Part HI.

General.

21.—(1) The tribunal for the purposes of Part I

of this Act shall be the county court within the district

of which the premises or any part thereof are situated

acting under and in accordance with this section:

Provided that—

(a) if before commencing proceedings in the

county court the claimant or applicant and

all persons affected agree that the claim or

application should be heard by the High

Court; or

(b) if on an application being made to the High

Court within the prescribed time the matter

is transferred to the High Court in accordance with and subject to the provisions of

section one hundred and twenty-six of the

County Courts Act, 1888;

the High Court shall, in respect of the matter, be the

tribunal for the purposes of Part I of this Act.

(2) Where proceedings are commenced in the county

court in respect of any claim or application under Part I

of this Act and are not transferred to the High Court,

the matter shall, unless the parties otherwise agree, or

it is otherwise prescribed, stand referred for inquiry

and report to such one of the panel of referees appointed

by the Reference Committee hereinafter mentioned as

may be selected by the county court, as if with the

consent of the parties the matter had been so referred

to him in pursuance of section six of the County Courts

Act, 1919.

(3) The power of selecting a referee from the panel

shall, unless any of the parties object, be exerciseable

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

453

by the registrar of the county court, and if there is such

an objection by the judge.

(4) In any proceedings before the referee not more

than one expert witness on either side shall be heard

unless the referee or the judge of the county court

otherwise directs.

(5) County court rules may be made for regulating

proceedings under this section and for enabling any party

to apply to the county court for directions as to the

conduct of a reference under this section, and those rules

may fix the remuneration of referees and may provide

for applying, subject to the necessary adaptations and

exceptions, to costs of proceedings in county courts

under this section, the provisions of subsections (1), (2)

and (3) of section five of the Acquisition of Land 9 & 10

(Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919, relating to Geo. 5. c . 57.

costs of proceedings under that Act.

(6) The Reference Committee for the purposes of this Act shall consist of the Lord Chief Justice of

England, the Master of the Rolls, the President of the

Law Society and the President of the Surveyors’ Institution, and the Committee shall have power to appoint

such persons as they think fit to be members of the

panel of referees either generally or for particular

localities, and to remove from the panel any person so

appointed.

(7) Rules of the Supreme Court may be made

regulating proceedings under this Act commenced in or

transferred to the High Court, and those rules may

provide that on the hearing of a summons for directions,

the court or a judge thereof may, without any application for the purpose being made by any party, order the

matter to be referred for inquiry and report to such one

of the said panel of referees as may be selected by the

court or a judge thereof, subject to such directions (if

any) as the court or judge may think fit to give; and in

any such case the referee so selected shall be deemed to

be a special referee within the meaning of section eighty-

eight of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) 15 & ig

Act, 1925. Geo. 5. c. 49.

(8) Nothing in this Act shall prevent an agreement

being made for referring to arbitration under the

Arbitration Act, 1889, any matter which under this Act 52 & 53

is to be determined by the tribunal. Vict. c. 49.

454

Ch. 36.

Power of

tribunal to

extend time.

Service of

notices.

Application

to Crown,

Duchy,

ecclesiastical and

charity

lands.

Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Such an agreement may be contained in the original

lease or may be made in writing at any date subsequent

to the date of the lease.

22. Where in any proceedings under this Act the

tribunal has fixed or allowed any period for the doing of

any act or thing, the tribunal may, on an application being

made by any party to the proceeding, either before or

after the expiration of the period so fixed or allowed,

extend that period.

23. —(1) Any notice, request, demand or other instrument under this Act shall be in writing and may be

served on the person on whom it is to be served either

personally, or by leaving it for him at his last known

place of abode in England or Wales, or by sending it

through the post in a registered letter addressed to him

there, or, in the case of a local or public authority or a

statutory or a public utility company, to the secretary

or other proper officer at the principal office of such

authority or company, and in the case of a notice to a

landlord, the person on whom it is to be served shall

include any agent of the landlord duly authorised in that

behalf.

(2) Unless or until a tenant of a holding shall have

received notice that the person theretofore entitled to the

rents and profits of the holding (hereinafter referred to

as " the original landlord ") has ceased to be so entitled,

and also notice of the name and address of the person

who has become entitled to such rents and profits, any

claim, notice, request, demand, or other instrument which

the tenant shall serve upon or deliver to the original

landlord shall be deemed to have been served upon or

delivered to the landlord of such holding.

24. —(1) This Act shall apply to land belonging to

His Majesty in right of the Crown or the Duchy of

Lancaster and to land belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall,

and to land belonging to any Government department,

and for that purpose the provisions of the Agricultural

Holdings Act, 1923, relating to Crown and Duchy lands,

as set out and adapted in Part I of the Second Schedule

to this Act, shall have effect.

(2) The provisions of the Agricultural Holdings Act,

1923, with respect to the application of that Act to

ecclesiastical and charity lands, as set out and adapted in

1927.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 30.

455

Part II of the Second Schedule to this Act, shall apply

for the purposes of this Act.

(3) Where the landlord is the incumbent of a

benefice—

(a) any documents required to be served on the

landlord shall also be served on the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners;

(b) the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall be entitled to appear and be heard at any proceedings

before the tribunal at which the landlord would

be entitled to appear and be heard;

(c) the incumbent shall not be entitled to offer the

grant of a renewal of a tenancy without the

consent of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

(d) any order of the tribunal for the grant of a new

tenancy by the incumbent shall be binding on

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

(e) no consent other than that of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners shall be required to the renewal

of a tenancy in pursuance of such an offer, or

to the grant of a new tenancy in pursuance of

such an order.

(4) Where any land is vested in the official trustee of

charity lands in trust for any charity, the trustees of the

charity and not the official trustee shall be deemed to be

the landlord for the purposes of this Act.

25 .—(1)For the purposes of this Act, unless the Interpreta-

context otherwise requires— tion *

The expression "tenant" means any person entitled

in possession to the holding under any contract

of tenancy, whether the interest of such tenant

was acquired by original contract, assignment,

operation of law or otherwise;

The expression "landlord" means any person who

under a lease is, as between himself and the

tenant or other lessee, for the time being entitled

to the rents and profits of the demised premises

payable under the lease;

The expression "predecessor in title " in relation

to a tenant or landlord means any person

through whom the tenant or landlord has

derived title, whether by assignment, by will,

by intestacy, or by operation of law;

456

8 Edw. 7.

c. 69.

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

The expression "lease" means a lease, under-lease

or other tenancy, assignment operating as a

lease or under-lease, or an agreement for such

lease, under-lease tenancy, or assignment;

The expression "mining lease" means a lease for

any mining purpose or purposes connected

therewith, and " mining purposes " include the

sinking and searching for, winning, working,

getting, making merchantable, smelting or otherwise converting or working for the purposes of

any manufacture, carrying away, and disposing

of mines and minerals, in or under land, and

the erection of buildings, and the execution of

engineering and other works suitable for those

purposes;

The expression "term of years absolute " has the

same meaning as in the Law of Property Act,

1925;

The expression "statutory company" means any

company constituted by or under an Act of

Parliament to construct, work or carry on any

gas, water, electricity, tramway, hydraulic

power, dock, canal or railway undertaking; and

the expression "public utility company " means

any company within the meaning of the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, or a society

registered under the Industrial and Provident

Societies Acts, 1893 to 1913, carrying on any

such undertaking;

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

County Court Rules, except that in relation to

proceedings before the High Court, it means

prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court.

(2) The designation of landlord and tenant shall

continue to apply to the parties until the conclusion of

any proceedings taken under or in pursuance of this Act

in respect of compensation.

26 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Landlord and

Tenant Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the twenty-

fifth day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

(3) This Act shall extend to England and Wales

only.

1027.

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 3fi.

457

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to Charges.

(1) A landlord, on paying to the tenant the amount due to him

under Part I of this Act, in respect of compensation for an

improvement or goodwill under that Part, or on expending after

notice given in accordance with that Part such amount as may be

necessary to execute an improvement, shall be entitled to obtain

from the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (hereinafter referred

to as the Minister) an order in favour of himself and the persons

deriving title under him charging the holding, or any part

thereof, with repayment of the amount paid or expended, including

any proper costs, charges or expenses incurred by a landlord in

opposing any proposal by a tenant to execute an improvement

or in contesting a claim for compensation, and of all costs

properly incurred by him in obtaining the charge, with such

interest, and by such instalments, and with such directions for

giving effect to the charge, as the Minister thinks fit.

(2) Where the landlord obtaining the charge is not an absolute

owner of the holding for his own benefit, no instalment or interest

shall be made payable after the time when the improvement or

goodwill in respect whereof compensation is paid will, in the

opinion of the Minister, have become exhausted.

(3) Where the estate or interest of a landlord is determinable

or liable to forfeiture by reason of his creating or suffering any

charge thereon, that estate or interest shall not be determined or

forfeited by reason of his obtaining such a charge, anything in

any deed, will or other instrument to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding.

(4) The sum charged shall be a charge on the holding, or

the part thereof charged, for the landlord’s interest therein and

for interests in the reversion immediately expectant on the

termination of the lease; but so that, in any case where the

landlord’s interest is an interest in a leasehold, the charge shall

not extend beyond that leasehold interest.

(5) Any company now or hereafter incorporated by Parliament, and having power to advance money for the improvement

of land, may take an assignment of any charge made under this

Schedule, upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon

between the company and the person entitled to the charge, and

may assign any charge so acquired by them.

(6) Where a charge may be made under this Schedule for

compensation due under an award, the tribunal making the award

Section 12.

458 Ch. 36. Landlord and Tenant 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

1st Sch. shall, at the request and cost of the person entitled to obtain

—coni. the charge, certify the amount to be charged and the term for

which the charge may properly be made, having regard to the

time at which each improvement or the goodwill in respect of

which compensation is awarded is to be deemed to be exhausted.

(7) A charge under this Schedule may be registered under

15 Geo. 6 . section ten of the Land Charges Act, 1925, as a land charge of

e< 22> Class A.

Section 24. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Pap.t I.

Application to Crown and Duchy Land.

1. — (a) With respect to any land belonging to His Majesty

in right of the Crown, or to a Government department, for the

purposes of this Act, the Commissioners of Crown Lands, or

other the proper officer or body having charge of the land for the

time being, or, in case there is no such officer or body, then such

person as His Majesty may appoint in writing under the Royal

Sign Manual, shall represent His Majesty, and shall be deemed

to be the landlord.

(6) The power given to the Treasury by section fifteen of

17 & 18 the Crown Lands Act, 1927 (being a power to direct the cost of

Geo. 5. c. 23. certain improvements to be charged to capital and repaid out of

income), shall extend to any compensation under Part I. of this Act payable by the Commissioners of Crown Lands.

2. —(a) With respect to land belonging to His Majesty in

right of the Duchy of Lancaster, for the purposes of this Act, the

Chancellor of the Duchy shall represent His Majesty, and shall

be deemed to be the landlord.

(b) The amount of any compensation under Part I. of this Act payable by the Chancellor of the Duchy shall be raised and

paid as an expense incurred in improvement of land belonging to

His Majesty in right of the Duchy within section twenty-five of the Act of the fifty-seventh year of King George the Third,

chapter ninety-seven.

3. —(a) With respect to land belonging to the Duchy of

Cornwall, for the purposes of this Act, such person as the Duke

of Cornwall, or the possessor for the time being of the Duchy of

Cornwall appoints, shall represent the Duke of Cornwall or other

the possessor aforesaid, and be deemed to be the landlord, and

may do any act or thing under this Act which a landlord is

authorised or required to do thereunder.

1927

Landlord and Tenant

Act, 1927.

Ch. 36, 37.

459

(6) Any compensation under Part I. of this Act payable by 2nd Sch.

the Duke of Cornwall, or other the possessor aforesaid, shall be conU

paid, and advances therefor made, in the manner and subject to

the provisions of section eight of the Duchy of Cornwall Manage- 26 & 27 Vict,

ment Act, 1863, with respect to improvements of land mentioned °* 49 *

in that section.

Part II.

Application to Ecclesiastical and Charity Land.

1. — (a) Where lands are assigned or secured as the endowment of a see, the powers by this Act conferred on a landlord in

respect of charging land shall not be exercised by the bishop in

respect of those lands, except with the previous approval in

writing of the Estates Committee of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

(6) Where a landlord is incumbent of an ecclesiastical

benefice, the powers by this Act conferred on a landlord in

respect of charging land shall not be exercised by him in respect

of the glebe land or other land belonging to the benefice, except

with the previous approval in writing of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners.

(c) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may, if they think fit,

on behalf of an ecclesiastical corporation, out of any money in

their hands, pay to the tenant the amount of compensation due

to him under Part I. of this Act, and thereupon they may, instead

of the corporation obtain from the minister a charge on the

holding in respect thereof in favour of themselves, and every

such charge shall where the landlord is the incumbent of a

benefice be effectual notwithstanding any change of the incumbent.

2. The powers by this Act conferred on a landlord in respect

of charging land shall not be exercised by trustees for ecclesiastical or charitable purposes, except with the approval in writing

of the Charity Commissioners or the Board of Education, as the

case may require.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to regulate further the lighting of vehicles.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with, the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

400 Ch. 37. Road Transport Lighting 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Obligatory

lights to be

carried by

vehicles at

night.

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and

of any regulations made thereunder by the Minister of

Transport (in this Act referred to as " the Minister "),

every vehicle on any road shall during the hours of

darkness carry—

(a) two lamps, each showing to the front a white

light visible froiti a reasonable distance;

(b) one lamp showing to the rear a red light visible

from a reasonable distance;

and every such lamp shall, while the vehicle is on any

road during such hours as aforesaid, be kept properly

trimmed, lighted, and in efficient condition, and shall

be attaclied to the vehicle in such position and manlier

as the Minister may by regulations prescribe.

It shall be the duty of any person who causes or

permits a vehicle to be on any road during the hours

of darkness to provide the vehicle with lamps in accordance with the requirements of this Act and of any

regulations made thereunder.

(2) The Minister shall have power by regulation to

exempt either wholly or partially, and subject to such

conditions as may be specified in the regulation, from

any of the requirements of this Act—

(a) any vehicles or vehicles of any class or description whilst carrying inflammable or explosive

goods of a nature specified in the regulation, or

being in a place where inflammable or explosive

material of a nature so specified is handled

or stored, if an application is made for the

purpose by any body which in the opinion of the Minister is a body proper to make such an

application;

(b) vehicles when standing or parked in places

specially set aside for the purpose;

(c) vehicles drawn or propelled by hand, save as

hereinafter provided.

(3) The Minister shall have power by regulations

to add to, or vary, the requirements of this Act, and to

require or permit distinctive lamps to be carried dis-

1927.

Road Transport Lighting

Act, 1927.

Ch. 37.

461

playing lights of such colour and used under such

conditions as may he prescribed, in the case of—

(a) vehicles used as public service vehicles within

the meaning of this Act or any class or

description thereof or hackney carriages;

(b) vehicles used for naval, military, air force or

police purposes, or as ambulances, or for any

other special purposes mentioned in the regulation or in the case of vehicles used for naval,

military or air force purposes to grant exemption (whole or partial) from the requirements of this Act;

and, where distinctive lamps are so required or permitted,

to prohibit similar lamps being carried by any other

vehicles.

(4) In this section " the hours of darkness " means—

(a) as respects the period of summer time, the

time between one hour after sunset and one

hour before sunrise;

(b) as respects the remainder of the year, the

time between half-an-hour after sunset and

half-an-hour before sunrise.

2. —(1) No vehicle shall show a red light to the Restriction

front. on the num-

bcr djid

(2) No vehicle shall show any light other than a na tureof

red light to the rear, but this subsection shall not apply lamps to be

to lamps carried by vehicles for the purposes of the carried,

internal illumination thereof or of illuminating a number

plate, taximeter or any device for giving signals to overtaking traffic, or, in the case of public service vehicles

within the meaning of this Act for the purpose of

illuminating boards, plate3 or devices indicating the

route or destination of the vehicle.

3. The Minister may by regulations prescribe the Conditions

conditions subject to which lamps, showing a light to the regulating

front, may be used, and such conditions may include le use of

conditions as to the angles at which beams of light may

be projected, the height, width and the range of illumination (to be ascertained in accordance with the regulations) of such beams of fight, the extent and method of

obscuration to be employed, and the position on the

vehicle of any lamps.

462

Restriction

on movement of

lamps.

Special provisions as to

bicycles and

tricycles.

Horse-

drawn

vehicles.

Ch. 37. Road Transport Lighting 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

4. Unless otherwise provided by the Minister by

regulations, no light shown by a vehicle, other than a

dipping head light, shall be moved by swivelling,

deflecting or otherwise while the vehicle is in motion.

5. —(1) The foregoing provisions of this Act shall

apply to bicycles, tricycles and invalid carriages subject

to the following modifications :—

(a) in the case of bicycles not having a sidecar

attached thereto, whether propelled by mechanical power or not, and in the case of tricycles

not propelled by mechanical power, and in the

case of invalid carriages, only a single lamp

showing a white light to the front instead of

two such lamps need be carried;

(b) in the case of bicycles and tricycles not propelled by mechanical power, it shall not be

necessary to carry a lamp showing a red light

to the rear if the bicycle or tricycle has attached

thereto an unobscured and efficient red reflector;

(c) in the case of bicycles not having a sidecar

attached thereto, whether propelled by mechanical power or not, and in the case of tricycles

not propelled by mechanical power, no iamp

need be carried if the bicycle or tricycle is being

wheeled by a person on foot as near as possible

to the near or left-hand edge of the carriageway.

6 . The foregoing provisions of this Act shall apply

to vehicles drawn by horses or other animals, subject to

the following modifications:—

(i) A separate lamp showing a red light to the rear

shall not be required to be carried if the lamps

showing a light to the front required by section

one of this Act to be carried show also a red

light to the rear visible from a reasonable

distance, and no part of the vehicle or of any

load carried thereby extends more than six feet

behind such lamps;

(ii) Vehicles engaged for the time being in carrying

agricultural produce of an inflammable nature

in the course of the internal operations of the

farm, shall be exempted from carrying lamps;

1927.

Road Transport Liqhting

Act, 1927.

Ch. 37.

463

(iii) In the case of an agricultural implement and in

the case of any vehicle used for the time being

by a person engaged in agriculture for the

conveyance of his agricultural produce or

articles required by him for use in agriculture,

otherwise than as aforesaid;

(a) Only one lamp showing a light to the

front shall be required to be carried, which

lamp shall be attached to the off or right-

hand side of the vehicle; and

(b) A separate lamp showing a red light to

the rear shall not be required to be carried if

an unobscured and efficient red reflector is

carried, or if the lamp showing a light to the

front shows also a red light to the rear visible

from a reasonable distance and the vehicle or

any load carried thereby does not extend

more than six feet behind such lamp.

7. Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Act— Vehicles

(1) On any vehicle carrying a load overhanging

laterally more than twelve inches from the hanging or

centre of the nearest side lamp, a lamp projecting

showing to the front a white light visible l oads -

from a reasonable distance shall in substitution for or in addition to such side lamp

be carried on the side or each side on which

the load so overhangs, and shall be so placed

that no part of such load shall project outwards more than twelve inches beyond a

vertical line through the centre of such

substituted or additional lamp;

(2) On any vehicle carrying a load projecting to

the rear more than six feet behind any lamp

showing a red light to the rear or the red

reflector carried in accordance wdth. the provisions of this Act a lamp showing to the

rear a red light visible from a reasonable

distance shall be carried in substitution for

or in addition to such lamp or reflector so

that no part of such load shall project to the

rear more than six feet measured horizontally

beyond such substituted or additional lamp.

404

Ch. 37.

Eoad Transport Lighting 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Special provisions as to

vehicles

towing and

being towed.

8 .—(1) The foregoing provisions of this Act shall

apply in the case of a vehicle drawing one or more

other vehicles subject to the following modifications:—

(a) a lamp showing a red light need not be earned

by the drawing vehicle;

(b) no lamp showing a light to the front need be

carried on any vehicle being drawn;

(c) a lamp showing a red light need not be carried

on any vehicle being drawn except the rearmost

vehicle:

Provided that—

(i) if the distance between any such vehicles

exceeds five feet, each vehicle shall be required to carry the same lamps as if it were

not a drawing vehicle or a vehicle being

drawn; and

(ii) if a vehicle being drawn or any load carried

thereon projects laterally on either side more

than twelve inches beyond the outermost of the lamps showing a white light to the front

on that side carried by the vehicle by which

it is being drawn or by any preceding vehicle

which is also being drawn by the same vehicle,

a lamp showing to the front a white fight

visible from a reasonable distance shall be

carried on the side or each side on which the

vehicle or its load so projects and shall be so

placed that no part of the vehicle or its load

shall project outwards more than twelve

inches beyond a vertical fine through the

centre of such lamp.

(2) For the purposes of this section, the distance

between two vehicles shall be measured between the

nearest points of such vehicles, so, however, that the

draw-bar and the fitting for its attachment shall not be

deemed to form part of either vehicle.

Regulations

as to

reflectors.

9. The Minister may, if he thinks fit, by regulations prescribe the conditions with which reflectors

carried on vehicles in accordance with the provisions of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder must

comply and the position and manner in which they are

to be attached.

1927.

Road Transport Lighting

Act, 1927.

Ch. 37.

465

10. If any person causes or permits any vehicle to be

on any road in contravention of any of the provisions of this Act or of regulations made thereunder, or otherwise

fails to comply with any such provisions, he shall he

guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction by

a court of summary jurisdiction for each such offence to

a fine not exceeding five pounds, or in the case of a

second or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding

twenty pounds:

Provided that, if a person driving or being in charge

of a vehicle is charged with such an offence, he shall not

be convicted thereof if he proves to the satisfaction of the court that such offence arose through the negligence

or default of some other person whose duty it was to

provide the vehicle with a lamp or lamps.

11 . —(1) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified

in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) The powers of any local or other authority

under any Act to make orders, byelaws, or regulations

with respect to the carrying of lights by vehicles on

roads (other than fights carried for the purposes of

internal illumination or for illuminating taximeters) shall

cease and determine, and any Act or order having the

force of an Act, and any regulations made under such

an Act or order, and any byelaw made under the powers

conferred by any Act, so far as the same relates to the

carrying of fights by vehicles on roads (other than as

aforesaid), and any order made under sections three or

four of the Lights on Vehicles Act, 1907, shall cease to

have effect, but without prejudice to the validity of

anything done thereunder, or of the commencement or

continuation of any proceedings in respect of any offence

thereunder whilst the Act, order, regulation or byelaw

was in force.

12. Any regulations made under this Act shall

be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith,

and if an address is presented to His Majesty by

either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight days on which that House has sat

after any such regulation is laid before it praying that

the regulation shall be annulled, it shall thenceforth be

void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything

Gg

Penalties.

Repeals and

rescission

of orders

and byelaws.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 45.

Provisions

as to regulations.

400

Application

of fines.

Application.

Interpretation.

59 & 60 Vict-,

c. 48.

Ch. 37. Road Transport Lighting 17 & 18 Geo. 5

Act, 1927.

previously done thereunder or to the making of a new

regulation.

13. All fines imposed in respect of offences under

this Act or the regulations made thereunder shall be paid

into the Road Fund in such manner and in accordance

with such directions as may be ordered by His Majesty

in Council.

14. —(1) This Act shall not apply to railway locomotives, carriages and trucks, or to tramcars or trolley

vehicles, but save as aforesaid shall apply to vehicles of

every description, and shall apply to machines and

implements of any kind drawn or propelled along roads

whether by animal or mechanical power as it applies to

vehicles.

(2) This Act shall apply to vehicles and persons in the

public service of the Crown, and in the case of any such

vehicle the person whom the department in whose service

the vehicle is used names as the person actually responsible shall be deemed for the purposes of this Act to be the

person who causes or permits the vehicle to be on any

road.

15. For the purposes of this Act, unless the

context otherwise requires, —

The expression "tramcar " includes any carriage

used on any road by virtue of an order made

under the Light Railways Act, 1896:

The expression "trolley vehicle" means a mechanically propelled vehicle adapted for use upon

roads without rails and moved by power

transmitted thereto from some external source:

The expression "invalid carriages" means mechanically propelled vehicles whose weight unladen

does not exceed five hundredweight, and which

are specially designed and constructed (and not

merely adapted) for the use of persons suffering

from some physical defect or disability and are

used solely by such persons:

The expression "public service vehicles " means

vehicles (other than tramcars or trolley vehicles)

carrying passengers for hire or reward on roads:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

regulations:

1927.

Road Transport Lighting

Act, 1927.

Ch. 37.

467

The expression "road" means any public highway

and any other road to which the public has

access:

The expression "agriculture" includes the use of

land as meadow or pasture land or orchard land

or for market gardens or allotments but does

not include the use of land as woodland, and

the expression "agricultural " shall be construed

accordingly.

16.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Road

Transport Lighting Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the

twenty-second day of April, nineteen hundred and

twenty-eight.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 115.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 41.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 50.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 55.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 36.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 29.

3 Edw. 7. c. 33

7 Edw. 7. c. 45

8 Edw. 7. c. 62

The Metropolitan Public Carriage Act, 1869.

The Local Government

Act, 1888.

The Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1889.

The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

The Locomotives on

Highways Act, 1896.

The Locomotives Act,

1898.

The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903.

The Lights on Vehicles

Act, 1907.

The Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1908.

In section nine the restriction

numbered (3).

Paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of section eighty-five.

Paragraph (a) of subsection

(1) of section fifty-eight.

Paragraph (1) of section three

hundred and ninety-four.

The whole Act so far as it

relates to fights on vehicles.

The whole Act so far as it

relates to fights on vehicles.

Section fifty.

The whole Act.

Subsections (3) and (4) of

section twenty-five.

Short title,

commencement and

extent.

Section 11.

Og 2

468

Ch. 38.

Nursing Homes 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1927.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to provide for the registration and inspection of nursing homes, and for purposes

connected therewith.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Registra- 1.—(1) If any person carries on a nursing home

tion of without being duly registered in respect thereof, he shall be

nursing guilty of an offence against this Act and shall in respect

homes. G f ea ch such offence be liable on summary conviction to

a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, in the case of a

second or subsequent offence, to imprisonment for a

term not exceeding three months or to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to both such imprisonment and

fine.

(2) Application for registration shall be made to

the local supervising authority in writing in the form

prescribed by the Minister of Health, and shall be

accompanied by a fee of five shillings.

(3) Subject as provided in this Act, the local supervising authority shall, on the receipt of an application

for registration, register the applicant in respect of the

nursing home named in the application and issue to

him a certificate of registration:

Provided that the authority may refuse to register

the applicant if they are satisfied—

(a) that he or any person employed by him at the

home is not a fit person, whether by reason of

age or otherwise, to carry on or to be employed

at a nursing home of such a description as the

nursing home named in the application; or

(b) that for reasons connected with situation, construction, accommodation, staffing or equipment, the home or any premises used in connection therewith are not fit to be used for

a nursing home of such a description as the

nursing home named in the application, or that

1927.

Nursing Homes

Registration Act, 1927.

Ch. 38.

469

the home or premises are used or to be used

for purposes which are in any way improper or

undesirable in the ease of such a nursing

home; or

(c) in the case of a nursing home (other than a

maternity home) which was not in existence at

the commencement of this Act, that the home

is not under the charge of a person who is

either a duly qualified medical practitioner or a

qualified nurse and who is resident in the home,

or that there is not a proper proportion of

qualified nurses among the persons having the

superintendence of or employed in the nursing

of the patients in the home; or

(d) in the case of a nursing home (other than a

maternity home) which was in existence at the

commencement of this Act, that the nursing

of the patients in the home is not under the

superintendence of a qualified nurse who is

resident in the home; or

(e) in the case of a maternity home which was not

in existence at the commencement of this Act,

that the person having the superintendence of the nursing of the patients in the home is not

either a qualified nurse or a certified midwife,

or that any person employed in attending any

woman in the home in childbirth or in nursing

any patient in the home is not either a duly

qualified medical practitioner, a certified midwife, a pupil midwife or a qualified nurse.

For the purpose of the foregoing provisions, a

nursing home or maternity home shall not be deemed

to be a home which was in existence at the commencement of this Act if, in the case of a home carried on at

that date by an individual, it ceases to be carried on

by that individual solely or, in the case of a home which

was carried on at that date by a body corporate, it ceases

to be under the charge of the individual under whose

charge it was at that date.

(4) The certificate of registration issued in respect

of a nursing home shall be kept affixed in a conspicuous

place in the home, and, if default is made in complying

470 Ch. 38. Nursing Homes 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1927.

with the foregoing requirement, the person earning on

the home shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

Cancella- 2. Subject as provided in this Act, a local supervising

tion of re- authority may at any time cancel the registration of a

gistration. person in respect of any nursing home on any ground

which would entitle them to refuse an application for the

registration of that person in respect of that home, r or on

the ground that that person has been convicted of an

offence against this Act or that any other person has

been convicted of such an offence in respect of that home.

Notice of 3.—(1) Before making an order refusing an appli-

refusal or of cation for registration or an order cancelling any regis-

cancellation tration, the local supervising authority shall give to the

of registra- applicant or to the person registered, as the case may be,

" iK not less than fourteen days’ notice of their intention to

make such an order, and every such notice shall state

the grounds on which the authority intend to make the

order and shall contain an intimation that, if within fourteen days after the receipt of the notice the applicant

or person registered informs the authority in writing

that he desires so to do, the authority will, before making

the order, give him (in person or by a representative)

an opportunity of showing cause why the order should

not be made.

(2) If the authority, after giving the applicant or

the person registered (if under the provisions of the

preceding subsection he is entitled so to do) an opportunity

of showing cause as aforesaid, decide to refuse the application for registration or to cancel the registration,

they shall make an order to that effect and shall send

a copy of the order by registered post to the applicant or

the person registered.

(3) Any person aggrieved by an order refusing an

application for registration or cancelling any registration

may, within fourteen days after the date on which

the copy of the order was sent to him, appeal against it

to a court of summary jurisdiction, and the appellant or

the local supervising authority, if aggrieved by the order

made by a court of summary jurisdiction on any such

appeal, may appeal against that order to a court of

quarter sessions in manner prescribed by the Summary

Jurisdiction Acts.

(4) No such order shall come into force until the

expiration of fourteen days from the date on which it

1927.

Nursing Homes

Registration Act, 1927.

Ch. 38.

471

was made, or, where notice of appeal is given against it,

until the appeal has been decided or withdrawn.

4. —(1) The local supervising authority may make Byelaws,

byelaws—

(a) prescribing the records to be kept of the patients

received into a nursing home, and, in the case

of a maternity home, of any ' miscarriages

occurring in the home, and of the children born

therein and of the children so born who are

removed from the home otherwise than to the

custody or care of any parent, guardian, or

relative;

(b) requiring notification to be given of any death

occurring in a nursing home.

(2) The provisions of sections one hundred and

eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the Public 38 & 39 Vict.

Health Act, 1875, shall, so far as they relate to byelaws c - 55 -

made by an urban sanitary authority, apply to byelaws

made under this section.

(3) If any person acts in contravention of or fails

to comply with the provisions of any byelaw made under

this Act, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

5. —(1) The medical officer of health of the local Inspection

supervising authority or some qualified nurse or other of nursing

officer duly authorised by them may, subject to such homos,

regulations as may be made by the authority, at all

reasonable times enter and inspect any premises which

are used, or which that officer has reasonable cause to

believe to be used, for the purposes of a nursing home,

and to inspect any records required to be kept in

accordance with the provisions of this Act:

Provided that nothing in this Act shall be deemed

to authorise any such officer to inspect any medical

record relating to any patient in a nursing home.

(2) If any person refuses to allow any such officer to

enter or inspect any such premises as aforesaid or to

inspect any such records as aforesaid, or obstructs any

such officer in the execution of his powers under this

section, he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

472

Power to

exempt

certain institutions.

Power of

Minister to

exempt

Christian

Science

nursing

homes.

Penalty for

offences

against Act

and provision as to

offences by

companies.

Ch. 38. Nursing Haines 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1927.

e.-(i) a local supervising authority may grant

exemption from the operation of this Act in respect of any

hospital or institution not carried on for profit.

(2) Any exemption granted under this section in

respect of any hospital or institution shall continue in

force for one year only from the date on which it is

granted, but without prejudice to the power of the local

supervising authority to grant any further exemption

in respect of that hospital or institution.

(3) Any person who is aggrieved by the refusal of a

local supervising authority to grant exemption under this

section in respect of any hospital or institution, or by

the withdrawal by the authority of any such exemption,

may appeal against the refusal or withdrawal to the Minister of Health, and the Minister, after considering

the matter, shall give such directions therein as he thinks

proper, and the authority shall comply with any directions

so given.

7. — (1) The Minister of Health may grant exemption

from the operation of this Act in respect of any nursing

home, as respects which he is satisfied that it is being or

will be carried on in accordance with the practice and

principles of the body known as the Church of Christ

Scientist.

(2) It shall be a condition of any exemption granted

to a nursing home under this section that the nursing

home shall adopt and use the name of Christian Science

house.

(3) An exemption granted under this section in

respect of a nursing home may at any time be withdrawn

by the Minister if it appears to him that that home is

no longer being carried on in accordance with the said

practice and principles.

8. —(1) If any person is guilty of an offence against

this Act (other than an offence in respect of which some

other penalty is specifically provided by this Act) he

shall in respect of each offence be liable on summary

conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and, in

the case of a continuing offence, to a further fine not

exceeding two pounds in respect of each day on which

the offence continues after conviction.

1927.

Nursing Homes

Registration Act, 1927.

Ch. 38.

473

(2) Where a person convicted of an offence against

this Act is a company, the chairman and every director

of the company and every officer of the company concerned in the management thereof shall be guilty of the

like offence, unless he proves that the act constituting the

offence took place without his knowledge or consent.

9.— (1) For the purposes of this Act, the council of Local su-

every county as respects that county and the council pervising

of every county borough as respects that borough shall authority,

be the local supervising authority.

(2) The council of a county may, on the application

of the council of any county district within the county,

delegate to the district council, .either with or without

any restrictions or conditions as the county council

thinks fit, any of the powers or duties of the county

council under this Act.

(3) If any district council by which an application

is made under subsection (2) of this section is aggrieved

by the refusal of the county council to delegate any of

its powers or duties under this Act or to delegate any

such powers or duties otherwise than subject to conditions or restrictions, the district council may make a

representation to the Minister with respect to the matter,

and the Minister, after consultation with the county

council may direct the county council to delegate to the

district council either with or without restrictions or

conditions such of its powers and duties under this Act

as the Minister thinks proper, and the county council

shall comply with any direction so given.

(4) Any expenses incurred under this Act by the

local supervising authority shall be defrayed—

(a) in the case of the council of a county, as expenses

for general county purposes;

(b) in the case of the council of a county borough,

as part of the general expenses of the council in

the execution of the Public Health Acts:

Provided that any expenses incurred by a district

council in the execution of any powers or the performance

of any duties delegated by the county council to the

district council under this section shall, up to an amount

not exceeding such sum as may be fixed by the county

council, be repaid to the district council by the county

474

Ch. 38.

Nursing Homes 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1927.

Interpretation.

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 5.

3&4 Geo. 5.

c. 28.

council, and the amount by which the expenses so

incurred exceed the amount repaid by the county council

shall be defrayed by the district council as part of the

general expenses of the council in the execution of the

Public Health Acts.

(5) Any fees received by the council of a county

under this Act shall be paid into the county fund, and

any fees received by a county borough under this Act

shall be paid into the borough fund or, in the case of a

borough having a general rate fund, into the general

rate fund, and any fees received by a district council

under this Act shall, as the county council may direct,

either be paid to the county council or applied in

reduction of the sum to be repaid by the county council

to the district council under this section.

10. — (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise

requires, the following expressions have the meanings

hereby respectively assigned to them, that is to say, —

" Register " and " Registration " mean register and

registration under this Act:

" Nursing home" means any premises used or intended to be used for the reception of and the

providing of nursing for persons suffering from

any sickness, injury, or infirmity, and includes

a maternity home but does not include—

(i) any hospital or other premises maintained or controlled by a Government department or local authority or by any other body

of persons constituted by special Act of Parliament or incorporated by Royal Charter;

(ii) any institution for lunatics within the

meaning of the Lunacy Act, 1890;

(iii) any certified institution, certified house

or approved home within the meaning of the

Mental Deficiency Act, 1913:

" Maternity home" means any premises used or

intended to be used for the reception of pregnant

women or of women immediately after childbirth:

" Qualified nurse" means a person registered in the

general part of the register of nurses required

1927.

Nursing Homes

Registration Act, 1927.

Ch. 38.

475

to be kept under the Nurses Registration Act, 9&10 Geo.5.

1919, or a person who had before the com- o. 94.

mencement of this Act completed a three

years’ course of training in a hospital which

was during the period of her training, or

subsequently became, a training school approved by the General Nursing Council for

England and Wales, or the General Nursing

Council for Scotland, or the General Nursing

Council for Northern Ireland, for the purpose

of admission to the general part of the said

register:

" Pupil midwife" means a person who is undergoing

training with a view to becoming a certified

midwife, and for that purpose attending women

in childbirth as part of a course of practical

instruction in midwifery recognised by the

Central Midwives Board.

(2) In relation to any premises used or intended to

be used solely for the reception of, and the provision of

nursing for, a class of patients in whose case the requisite

nursing can be suitably and adequately provided by

nurses of a class whose names are contained in some part

of the register of nurses required to be kept under the

Nurses Registration Act, 1919, other than the general part

of that register, references in the definition of "qualified

nurse " contained in subsection (1) of this section to the

general part of the register shall be construed as including

references to that other part of the register.

11. This Act shall apply to the administrative Application

county of London subject to the following modifications:— to London.

(i) As respects the county of London the London

County Council and as respects the City of

London the Common Council shall be the local

supervising authority;

(ii) Any expenses incurred under this Act by the

London County Council shall be defrayed as

general county expenses and any expenses so

incurred by the Common Council shall be

defrayed out of the general rate;

(iii) The London County Council may delegate to the

council of any metropolitan borough all or any

of its powers under this Act other than the

476 Ch. 38. Nursing Homes 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1927.

Short title,

extent, repeal and

commencement.

power to make byelaws, and any suck delegation may be either absolute or subject to such

terms or conditions as the London County

Council may think fit, including conditions for

the repayment by the London County Council to

a council to whom powers are so delegated of the

whole or part of the expenses incurred by that

council in the execution of the powers so

delegated;

(iv) Any expenses incurred by the council of a

metropolitan borough in the execution of any

powers delegated to it shall, in so far as those

expenses are not repaid to that council by the

London County Council, be defrayed as part of the general expenses of the council, and any fees

received under this Act by the council of a

metropolitan borough shall be paid into the fund

out of which expenses incurred under this Act

by that- council are to be defrayed.

12.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Nursing

Homes Registration Act, 1927.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, so much of

any local Act as makes provision for the registration of

any maternity home is hereby repealed, and the enactments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act are hereby

repealed to the extent specified in the third column of

that Schedule:

Provided that any person who is immediately before

the commencement of this Act registered under any

enactment repealed by this Act in respect of any maternity home, shall if the authority with which he is registered under the said repealed enactment is for the purposes

of this Act the local supervising authority of the area in

which the home is situate, be deemed for all the purposes

of this Act to be as from the commencement of this Act, a

person duly registered thereunder in respect of that

home.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the

first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

1927.

Nursing Homes

Registration Act, 1927.

Ch. 38, 39.

477

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Section 12.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

The Midwives and

Maternity Homes Act,

1926.

Part II, section twelve, in

subsection (1) of section

fourteen the words "and

Maternity Homes " in both

places where they occur,

and subsection (3) of

section fourteen.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to confirm and give effect to certain

agreements between representatives of Great

Britain, the Irish Free State and Northern

Ireland as to the registration and control of

medical practitioners and dentists, and to

validate certain acts done by the Dental Board.

[22nd December 1927.]

WHEREAS the agreements set out in the Schedule

to this Act have been entered into between representatives of Great Britain, the Irish Free State and

Northern Ireland, with respect to the registration and

control of medical practitioners and dentists, and it is

expedient that the said agreements should be confirmed

and effect given thereto:

And whereas doubts may arise as to the validity of

acts done after the establishment of the Irish Free State

by the Dental Board as first constituted under the

Dentists Act, 1921:11 & 12

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excel- Geo a - c - 21

lent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

478

Ch. 39.

Medical and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

Confirmation of

agreement

as to medi

cal practitioners.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 48.

Confirmation of

agreement

as to dentists and

validation

of acts of

Dental

Board.

Short title,

interpretation and

commencement.

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The agreement set forth in Part I of the

Schedule to this Act is hereby confirmed, and so far as

it relates to Great Britain and Northern Ireland, shall

have effect as if enacted in this Act.

(2) For the purpose of giving effect to Article 5 of the said agreement, the Medical Acts shall be subject to

the following amendment:—

In the event of a new university being at

any time hereafter created in the Irish Free State

by Act of the Parliament of the Irish Free State

with power to hold qualifying examinations in

medicine, surgery and midwifery for the purpose

of granting medical diplomas conferring the right

of registration in the Irish Free State Medical

Register, such qualifying examinations shall be

qualifying examinations within the meaning of the Medical Act, 1886, if His Majesty on the

recommendation of the General Medical Council

is pleased by Order in Council to make a

declaration to that effect.

2. —(1) The agreement set forth in Part Ilof the

Schedule to this Act is hereby confirmed and, so far as

it relates to Great Britain and Northern Ireland, shall

have effect as if enacted in this Act:

(2) For the purposes of the Dentists Acts, 1878

to 1923, in their application to Great Britain and

Northern Ireland, anything which since the establishment

of the Irish Free State has been done by, to, or before

the Dental Board as first constituted under the Dentists

Act, 1921, shall be deemed to be as valid and effectual

as if the Irish Free State had not been established.

3. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Medical and

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

(2) Tins Act, so far as it affects the Medical Acts,

shall be construed as one with those Acts, and shall be

included among the Acts which may be cited as the

Medical Acts.

(3) This Act, so far as it affects the Dentists Acts,

1878 to 1923, shall be construed as one with those Acts,

and those Acts and this Act, so far as it affects those

Ch. 39.

479

1927. Medical and

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

Acts, may be cited together as the Dentists Acts, 1878

to 1927.

(4) In this Act, the expression "Medical Acts "

means the Medical Acts as amended by any subsequent

enactment.

(5) This Act shall come into operation on the

passing of this Act:

Provided that, if at the date of the passing of this Act the agreement set out in Part II of the Schedule to

this Act has not been confirmed by an Act of the

Parliament of the Irish Free State, this Act, so far

as it relates to the amendments of the Dentists Acts,

1878 to 1927, effected by that agreement, shall not

come into operation until the said agreement has been

so confirmed.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Agreement between Great Britain, the Irish Free

State and Northern Ireland as to the Registration and Control of Medical Practitioners.

1. In this agreement—

the expression "the Medical Acts" means the Medical

Act, 1858, and the Medical Act, 1886, and any Acts

amending the same;

the expression "the Irish Free State Medical Council "

means any Council which may hereafter be established

by Act of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State

for the purpose of registering and controlling medical

practitioners in the Irish Free State;

the expression "the Irish Free State Medical Register "

means any register of medical practitioners which

the Irish Free State Medical Council may by any

such Act of the Oireachtas be required to keep;

the expression "the General Medical Council " means

the Council established under the Medical Acts;

the expression "the General Register" means the Register

established under the Medical Acts;

Section 1.

480

Ch. 39.

Medical and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

the word " formerly 15 shall be construed as referring to

times previous to the establishment of the Irish

Free State and of Northern Ireland.

2. —(1) The nomination of a member of the General Medical

Council formerly made for Ireland by His Majesty with the

advice of the Privy Council shall henceforth be made by His

Majesty in Council on the recommendation of the Governor of

Northern Ireland.

(2) The nominations of members of the General Medical

Council by Universities and Medical Corporations in Ireland

and the election of a member of the General Medical Council

by registered medical practitioners in Ireland shall henceforth

be made and had in the like manner in all respects as the

same were formerly made and had.

3. Subject to the provisions of this agreement and notwithstanding anything contained in the Government of Ireland Act,

1920, the Irish Free State Constitution Act, 1922, or the Irish

Free State (Consequential Provisions) Act, 1922, or the Constitution of the Irish Free State (Saorstat Eireann) Act, 1922,

passed by the Provisional Parliament of Ireland, or the Adaptation

of Enactments Act, 1922, passed by the Oireachtas of the Irish

Free State or any Order made under any of those Acts the

constitution of the General Medical Council and of the several

Branch Councils as formerly existing under the Medical Acts

and the powers of holding qualifying examinations and granting

diplomas for the purpose of registration in the General Register

formerly vested in certain universities and medical corporations

in Ireland shall be deemed not to have been affected by the establishment of the Irish Free State or of Northern Ireland, and for

the purpose of the preparation and keeping of the General Register

the General Medical Council and the Branch Council for Ireland

and their respective officers shall have and may exercise in

relation to persons, universities, medical corporations, and

matters in the Irish Free State or in Northern Ireland all such

powers, jurisdictions, and authorities under the Medical Acts

as the said Councils respectively and their respective officers

formerly had and might exercise under the Medical Acts for

that purpose in relation to persons, universities, medical corporations, and matters respectively in Ireland.

4. Any person who is or shall be registered in the General

Register shall be entitled, on payment of such fee as may from

time to time be prescribed in that behalf by or in pursuance of

any Act of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State, to be registered

in the Irish Free State Medical Register:

Provided that—

(a) the fee payable by such persons in respect of such

registration shall at no time exceed the fee payable

1927.

Medical and

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

Ch. 39,

481

in respect of registration in the Irish Free State

Medical Register by any other person who may be or

become entitled to be registered therein; and

(b) no fee shall be payable in respect of such registration

by any person who, on the date of coming into force

of the Act of Oireachtas of the Irish Free State

establishing the Irish Free State Medical Register, is

registered in the General Register and applies for

registration in the Irish Free State Medical Register

within such time and in such manner as may be

prescribed in that behalf by the said or any other Act

of the said Oireachtas; and

(c) no person whose name has been erased from the Irish

Free State Medical Register on account of his having

been convicted of a felony, misdemeanour, crime or

offence or his having been judged by the Irish Free

State Medical Council to have been guilty of infamous

conduct in a professional respect shall be entitled to

be subsequently registered in the said Register solely

by reason of his being registered in the General

Register; and

(d) a person not previously registered in the Irish Free

State Medical Register shall not be entitled to be

registered therein if his name has been erased from

the General Register on account of his having been

convicted of a felony, misdemeanour, crime, or

offence or his having been judged by the General

Medical Council to have been guilty of infamous

conduct in a professional respect.

5. The Medical Acts shall be amended so as to provide that,

in the event of a new university being at any time hereafter

created in the Irish Free State by Act of the Oireachtas of the

Irish Free State with power to hold qualifying examinations in

medicine, surgery, and midwifery for the purpose of granting

medical diplomas conferring the right of registration in the Irish

Free State Medical Register, such qualifying examinations may

be qualifying examinations, within the meaning of the Medical

Act, 1886, and any such diploma so granted by such new

university shall, upon such examinations becoming qualifying

examinations as aforesaid, be regarded as conferring on the

possessor thereof the right of registration in the General Register

as fully as if such new university had been such a university as is

mentioned in subsection (i) of section 3 of the Medical Act, 1886,

and the provisions of Part I of that Act relating to qualifying

examinations and to medical diplomas shall be read and have

effect accordingly.

Hh

482

Ch. 39.

Medical and 17 & 18 Geo. 5-

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

6. —(1) With a view to preventing the holding of simultaneous

inquiries—

(a) the General Medical Council shall report to the Irish

Free State Medical Council every case in which they

propose, in connection with the exercise of their

disciplinary powers, to hold an inquiry into the conduct

in Great Britain or in Northern Ireland of any person

registered in the Irish Free State Medical Register,

and the Irish Free State Medical Council shall report

to the General Medical Council every case in which

they propose, in connection with the exercise of their

disciplinary powers, to hold an inquiry into the conduct

in the Irish Free State of any person registered in the

General Register;

(b) the General Medical Council, upon receipt by them of

any such report as aforesaid from the Irish Free State

Medical Council, shall have regard to the desirability

of postponing inquiry by them into the matter to which

such report relates until the inquiry to which such

report relates by the Irish Free State Medical Council

is completed;

(c) the Irish Free State Medical Council, upon receipt by

them of any such report as aforesaid from the General

Medical Council, shall have regard to the desirability

of postponing inquiry by them into the matter to which

such report relates until the inquiry to which such

report relates by the General Medical Council is

completed.

(2) The General Medical Council shall report to the Irish

Free State Medical Council every case in which disciplinary

action resulting in erasure from the General Register is

taken by them against a person registered in the Irish

Free State Medical Register, and the Irish Free State Medical

Council shall report to the General Medical Council every

case in which disciplinary action resulting in erasure from

the Irish Free State Medical Register is taken by them against

a person registered in the General Register.

7. His Majesty’s Governments in Great Britain and the

Irish Free State respectively shall as soon as possible introduce

into their respective Parliaments such legislation as may be

necessary to give statutory effect to this agreement, and this

agreement shall not take effect until such legislation in both

such Parliaments shall have been passed into law.

Signed on behalf

of

Great Britain.

Balfour.

Signed on behalf

of the

Irish Free State.

P. McGilligan.

Signed on behalf

of

Northern Ireland.

R. D. Bates.

1927.

Medical and

Dentists ActsKAmendment Act, 1927.

Ch. 39.

483

Part II.

Agreement between Great Britain, the Irish Free

State and Northern Ireland as to the Registration and Control of Dentists.

1. In this agreement—

the expression "the Dentists Acts" means the Dentists

Acts, 1878 and 1921, and any Acts amending the same;

the expression "the Dental Board" means the Dental

Board established under the Dentists Acts;

the expression "the Medical Acts" means the Medical

Act, 1858, and the Medical Act, 1886, and any Acts

amending the same;

the expression "the General Medical Council" means the

General Council established under the Medical Acts;

the expression "medical authorities" means the bodies

and universities who choose members of the General

Medical Council;

the expression "the Dentists Register" means the Register

established under the Dentists Acts;

the expression "the Irish Free State Dental Board " means

any Board which may hereafter be established by

Act of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State for the

purpose of registering and controlling dentists in the

Irish Free State;

the expression "the Irish Free State Dentists Register "

means any register of dentists which the Irish Free

State Dental Board may by any such Act of the

Oireachtas be required to keep;

the expression "the Irish Free State Medical Council "

means any council which may hereafter be established

by Act of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State for

the purpose of registering and controlling medical

practitioners in the Irish Free State;

the word " formerly " shall be construed as referring to

times previous to the establishment of the Irish Free

State.

2. —(1) The appointment of a member of the Dental Board

as constituted after the expiration of the term of office of the first

members of that Board required to be made by the Lord

Lieutenant of Ireland shall henceforth be made by the Governor

of Northern Ireland.

(2) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (1) of this

paragraph, the appointment of the appointed members and the

Hh 2

Sections 2

and 3.

484

Ch. 39.

Medical and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

election of the elected members of the Dental Board as so constituted as aforesaid shall be made and had in like manner in all

respects as the same were formerly required to be made and had

respectively.

(3) Nothing in this agreement shall affect the tenure of

office of any member of the Dental Board who holds office at the

date on which this agreement takes effect.

3. Subject to the provisions of this agreement and notwithstanding anything contained in the Irish Free State

Constitution Act, 1922, or the Irish Free State (Consequential

Provisions) Act, 1922, or the Constitution of the Irish Free State

(Saorstat Eireann) Act, 1922, passed by the Provisional Parliament

of Ireland, or the Adaptation of Enactments Act, 1922, passed

by the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State, or any Order made

under any of those Acts the constitution of the Dental Board

under the Dentists Acts and the powers of holding examinations

for the purpose of testing the fitness of persons to practice

dentistry or dental surgery, and of granting certificates of such

fitness for the purpose of registration in the Dentists Register

formerly vested in the Dental Board or the medical authorities in

Ireland shall be deemed not to have been affected by the

establishment of the Irish Free State, and for the purpose of the

preparation and keeping of the Dentists Register the Dental Board

and the General Medical Council and their respective officers

shall have and may exercise in relation to persons, medical

authorities and matters in the Irish Free State all such powers,

jurisdictions and authorities under the Dentists Acts as the said

Board and the said Council had and might exercise under the

Dentists Acts for that purpose in relation to persons, medical

authorities, and matters respectively in Ireland.

4. Any person who is or shall be registered in the Dentists

Register shall be entitled, on payment of such fees as may from

time to time be prescribed in that behalf by or in pursuance of any

Act of the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State, to be registered

in the Irish Free State Dentists Register:

Provided that—

(a) the fees payable by such persons in respect of such

registration shall at no time exceed the fees payable

in respect of registration in the Irish Free State

Dentists Register by any other person who may be

or become entitled to be registered thereon; and

(b) no person whose name has been erased from the Irish

Free State Dentists Register on account of his having

been convicted of a felony, misdemeanour, crime or

offence or having been found guilty of infamous or

disgraceful conduct in a professional respect shall be

entitled to be subsequently registered in the said

1927. Medical and Ch. 39. 485

De?itists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

Register solely by reason of his being registered

in the Dentists Register; and

(c) a person not previously registered in the Irish Free

State Dentists Register shall not be entitled to be

registered therein if his name has been erased from

the Dentists Register on account of his having been

convicted of a felony, misdemeanour, crime or offence

or having been found guilty of infamous or disgraceful

conduct in a professional respect.

5. In the event of any examinations of a new university

at any time hereafter created in the Irish Free State becoming

qualifying examinations in medicine, surgery and midwifery

for the purposes of the Medical Acts that university shall have

the same powers of holding examinations for the purposes of

testing the fitness of persons to practise dentistry or dental

surgery, and of granting certificates of such fitness for the purpose

of registration in the Dentists Register as if it were a medical

authority for the purposes of section 18 of the Dentists Act,

1878.

6. —(1) With a view to preventing the holding of simultaneous

inquiries—

(a) The Dental Board shall report to the Irish Free State

Dental Board every case in which they propose, in

connection with the exercise of their disciplinary

powers, to hold an inquiry into the conduct in Great

Britain or in Northern Ireland of any person registered

in the Irish Free State Dentists Register, and the

Irish Free State Dental Board shall report to the Dental

Board every case in which they propose, in connection

with the exercise of their disciplinary powers, to hold

an inquiry into the conduct in the Irish Free State

of any person registered in the Dentists Register;

(b) The Dental Board upon receipt by them of any such

report as aforesaid from the Irish Free State Dental

Board, shall have regard to the desirability of postponing

inquiry by them into the matter to which such report

relates until the inquiry to which such report relates

by the Irish Free State Dental Board is completed;

(c) The Irish Free State Dental Board upon receipt by

them of any such report as aforesaid from the Dental

Board, shall have regard to the desirability of postponing

inquiry by them into the matter to which such report

relates until the inquiry to which such report relates

by the Dental Board is completed.

(2) The Dental Board shall report to the Irish Free

State Dental Board every case in which disciplinary action

486

Ch. 39, 40. Medical and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Dentists Acts Amendment Act, 1927.

resulting in erasure from the Dentists Register is taken by

them against a person registered in the Irish Free State

Dentists Register, and the Irish Free State Dental Board shall

report to the Dental Board every case in which disciplinary

action resulting in erasure from the Irish Free State Dentists

Register is taken by them against a person registered in the

Dentists Register.

7. His Majesty’s Governments in Great Britain and the

Irish Free State respectively shall as soon as possible introduce

into their respective Parliaments such legislation as may be

necessary to give statutory effect to this agreement, and this

agreement shall not take effect until such legislation in both

such Parliaments shall have been passed into law.

Signed on behalf

of

j Great Britain.

Balfour.

Signed on behalf

of the

Irish Free State.

P. McGilligan.

Signed on behalf

of

Northern Ireland.

R. D. Bates.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to make provision incidental to and consequential on the dissolution of the legal union

between the Church of England and the Church

of England in India.

[22nd December 1927.]

Interpretation.

HERE AS by the Indian Church Measure, 1927,

V? provision is made for the dissolution of the legal

union between the Church of England and the Church of

England in India:

And whereas for the purpose of giving effect to

certain changes consequential on the said Measure it is

expedient that the provisions hereinafter contained

should be enacted by Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In this Act—

The expression "date of severance" means such

day as may be fixed under the said Measure

as the date for the dissolution of such union

as aforesaid;

1927. Indian Church Ch. 40. 487

Act, 1927.

The expression "Indian Church " means, in respect

of the period before the date of severance, the

Church of England in India and, in respect

of the period commencing on the date of

severance, the Church of England in India

as severed from the Church of England notwithstanding the adoption by the said church

of any other name or names;

The expression "the Bishop of Calcutta " means

the occupant for the time being of the See of

Calcutta, whether or not that See is constituted an Archiepiscopal See;

The expression "General Council" means the

body recognised as such by the Bishop of

Calcutta;

The expression "chaplain" means a clergyman in

priest’s orders in the Church of England or

a church in communion with the Church of

England who is appointed by the Secretary

of State in Council of India to a chaplaincy

in pursuance of his existing practice or

powers, or any such clergyman in the permanent service of the Crown who is accepted

by the Secretary of State in Council as holding

a like chaplaincy;

The expression "Maintained Church" means a

church specified in the list contained in the

Second Schedule to< this Act as varied from

time to time under the provisions of the Act

or of rules made thereunder;

The expression "property subject to this Act "

means all property of whatsoever kind held

on behalf of or for the benefit of the Indian

Church or of any diocese or dioceses or other

part or parts thereof or of any person holding

office in the said church or any diocese thereof

as such or for the furtherance of any religious,

educational or philanthropic work in connection therewith;

The expressions " the Societies Registration Act.

18fi0, " *' the Indian Companies Act, 1913, "

and " the Indian Christian Marriage Act,

1872, " mean the Acts of the Indian Legislature

which may be cited by those titles respectively.

488

Certain

events to

happen as

from date of

severance.

Saving of

certain

rights.

Ch. 40. Indian Church 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

2. As from the date of severance—

(i) The enactment mentioned in the first column

of the First Schedule to this Act shall be

repealed to the extent specified in the second

column of the said Schedule;

(ii) All Letters Patent of His Majesty by or under

the authority of which any bishop or archdeacon has been appointed to a bishopric

or archdeaconry in the Indian Church, whether

issued in pursuance of an Act of Parliament

or not, shall be deemed to be spent and of no

effect whatsoever in law, but without prejudice to any lawful act done under the authority

of such Letters Patent before the date of

severance:

Provided that nothing in this paragraph

shall be deemed to terminate the appointment

of any such bishop or archdeacon or to affect

any right or claim which any such bishop or

archdeacon may have to any salary, pension,

allowance or other payment;

(iii) Ho person shall be appointed or nominated

by His Majesty by virtue of any existing

right of patronage, appointment or nomination to any bishopric in the Indian Church;

(iv) Every ecclesiastical corporation of the Indian

Church whether sole or aggregate shall be

dissolved:

Provided that this enactment shall not

apply to any corporation created under the

Societies Registration Act, 1860, the Indian

Companies Act, 1913, or any other Act of the

Indian Legislature authorising the registration or incorporation of companies.

3. Save as expressly provided in this Act or in rules

made thereunder—

(1) Notwithstanding any defects or informalities in

the documents or proceedings, it is declared

that where any church or burial ground has

been consecrated before the commencement of this Act with the approval or at the request of

a competent civil authority and the site thereof

was at the date of the sentence of consecration

1927.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

Ch. 40.

489

and has ever since remained vested in the

Crown such consecration shall be deemed to

have conferred upon the Indian Church and

upon its officials and members respectively such

rights of possession, control, and user of the

site and buildings (if any) as they respectively

would have had if prior to the pronouncing of the sentence of consecration the site and buildings had been conveyed or assured to a person

or persons to hold the same on behalf of or in

trust for the Indian Church:

(2) The Indian Church and the officials and members

thereof respectively shall have and be entitled

to exercise, after the date of severance, all such

rights of possession, control and user of the 6ite

and buildings (if any) of any consecrated church

or burial ground as the Indian Church and the

officials and members thereof respectively had

immediately prior to that date, and all references

to " the United Church of England and Ireland ",

" the Church of England " or " the Church of

England in India" (whether such terms are

used with or without the addition of the words

" as by law established ") in any petition for or

sentence of consecration or in any conveyance

or declaration of dedication of the site of any

such church or burial ground shall be construed

as references to the Indian Church.

4. — (1) If the Archbishop of Canterbury shall certify Resumption

by a writing under his hand sent to the Governor-General of control of

of India in Council that the Indian Church has ceased to Maintained

be in communion with the Church of England, the '- hurches -

Governor-General of India in Council on receipt of such

certificate shall cause the same to be published in the

Gazette of India and shall forward a certified copy to the

Bishop of Calcutta and thereupon shall be at liberty to

resume complete control of all or any Maintained Churches

or burial grounds, whether consecrated or not, and the

Indian Church and the officials and members thereof

respectively shall cease to have any rights therein.

(2)—(i) Every such resumption of complete control

shall be effected by not less than twelve months’ notice

sent to the Bishop of Calcutta and expiring at the end of

a financial year of the Government of India.

490

Ch. 40.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

(ii) No such notice shall be valid unless given before

the expiration of two years from the date of the publication of the certificate of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

(3) Upon such resumption of complete control of a

church or burial ground the church or burial ground

shall, if not already so vested, by virtue of such notice

and without any conveyance being necessary vest in the

Crown or such person or persons as the Governor-General

of India in Council shall appoint for an absolute estate in

possession, and if duly consecrated shall be held in trust

for the purposes of the Church of England, and shall be

freed from any claim by the Indian Church or any

officials or members thereof connected therewith.

Power to 5. The Governor-General of India in Council, with

make rules, the sanction of the Secretary of State in Council of India,

and, save as by the rules expressly provided, with the

concurrence of the Bishop of Calcutta, may make rules—

(i) Regulating the licensing, posting, discipline, ministrations, duties, and supervision of chaplains;

(ii) Providing for episcopal ministrations and the

making of grants out of the revenues of India

in respect thereof;

(iii) Regulating the removal of churches from and the

addition of churches to the fist contained in the

Second Schedule to this Act, and the transfer of

churches from one Part or sub-division of a

Part of the list to another Part or sub-division;

(iv) Making provision for vesting any Maintained

Churches, and the goods and ornaments thereof,

in the Indian Church Trustees, or in any other

person or persons, subject to any conditions

that may be prescribed regarding the use of the

churches while so vested;

(v) Prescribing the circumstances in which and the

conditions on which any Maintained Churches

and the goods and ornaments thereof shall cease

to be so vested, and the disposal of them in that

event;

(vi) Making provision for the services of the Church

of England and of the Indian Church to be held

in Maintained Churches, and the hours at which

they shall be held;

1927.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

Ch. 40.

491

(vii) Making provision for the administration of the

rules and practice of the Indian Church in

Maintained Churches with or without modification thereof;

(viii) Providing for the loan of Maintained Churches to

other denominations, according to the practice

now existing;

(ix) Providing for any special system of supervision

which may be found to be necessary of chaplains

engaged in ministering to troops;

(x) Making provision for referring to arbitration

differences regarding or arising out of the

rules, including any difference between the

Governor-General of India in Council and the

Bishop of Calcutta as to any amendment or

variation thereof, and in such case for amending

or varying the rules in accordance with the

award of the Arbitrator without the concurrence

of the Bishop of Calcutta;

(xi) Prescribing the conditions on which, the circumstances in which, the extent to which, the

procedure by which and the persons with whose

assent, concurrence, sanction or approval the

arrangements embodied in the rules, or any of

them, may from time to time be terminated,

modified or brought into being again;

(xii) Providing for any matters incidental to, or consequential on, any of the said powers, and

making any supplemental provisions which may

appear necessary or expedient for giving effect

to such powers, including provisions for the

maintenance at the Government expense of any

Maintained Churches.

6.—(1) At any time after the commencement of this Incorpora-

Act, the General Council may by resolution appoint such tion and

number of persons as they shall see tit (not being less P owers of

than three) to represent the Indian Church and to hold

property for any uses or purposes thereof, and when it is p rusteos

shown to the satisfaction of His Majesty the King that and vesting

the said Council has appointed such persons His Majesty of property,

the King in Council may by Charter incorporate them

and their successors with power to hold land without

licence in mortmain under the name of the Indian Church

Trustees.

492

Ch. 40.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

(2) At any time after the commencement of this Act

and before the date of severance, any corporation or

corporations sole or aggregate which will be dissolved

under paragraph (iv) of section two of this Act may, by

declaration in writing, vest any property subject to this Act held by it or them, severally or jointly, in any society

or body of trustees duly registered under the Societies

Registration Act, 1860, or the Indian Companies Act,

1913, and that society or body shall hold such property

on the same trusts or for the same purposes on or for

which the corporation or corporations held it.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act and rules

made thereunder, upon the date of severance all property

subject to this Act shall vest in the Indian Church

Trustees, except the following, viz. :—

(a) churches for the time being entered in Part I of the Second Schedule to this Act and the goods

and ornaments of such churches;

(b) cemeteries other than those vested in corporations

dissolved by this Act;

(c) property held by societies or bodies of trustees

duly registered under the Societies Registration

Act, 1860, or the Indian Companies Act, 1913;

(d) property held by or in trust for or on behalf of

any missionary or religious society or religious

community of which the head office, headquarters, governing body, mother house, superior or head, as the case may be, is situated or

usually resident outside India, whether or not

such property is directly controlled or administered by such head office, headquarters,

governing body, mother house, superior or head;

(e) property held by trustees, whether corporate or

unincorporate, in respect of which the trustees

or a majority thereof before the date of severance

shall certify by a writing under their hands

sent to the Governor-General of India in Council

(who shall send a copy thereof to the Bishop of

Calcutta) that they or such majority of them

object to such property vesting in the Indian

Church Trustees; and

(f) property exempted by the Governor-General of

India in Council from the operation of this

subsection by notification in the Gazette of

India before the date of severance.

1927. Indian Church Ch. 40. 493

Act, 1927.

(4) The churchyards of consecrated churches shall

vest in those persons or bodies in whom, under the

provisions of this Act, the respective churches vest.

(5) At any time after the incorporation of the Indian

Church Trustees any trustees, whether corporate or

unincorporate, may by declaration in writing vest any

property subject to this Act held by them in the Indian

Church Trustees or in any diocesan society or body of

trustees duly registered under the Societies Registration

Act, 1860, or the Indian Companies Act, 1913, to be

held by them or it on the same trusts, and the Indian

Church Trustees may by declaration in writing vest any

property subject to this Act held by them in any such

diocesan society or body of trustees to be held by them or

it on the same trusts:

Provided that no such property shall be so vested in

the Indian Church Trustees or a diocesan society or other

body of trustees without their consent.

7 . Subject to the provisions of this Act and rules Interpreta-

made thereunder, in all grants, deeds, or other instru- tion of

ments relating to property subject to this Act, references documents,

to " the United Church of England and Ireland, " " the

Church of England, " or " the Church of England in

India " (whether such terms are used with or without

the addition of the words "as by law established "),

shall, on and after the date of severance, be construed as

references to the Indian Church.

8. — (1) (a) If at any time before the date of sever- Trusts,

ance it shall be represented to the Bishop of Calcutta or

to the Bishop of the diocese concerned by a majority of the trustees or the governing body of any trust in connection with any property subject to this Act, or by any

persons claiming to be beneficiaries of any such trust,

that it is desirable that a scheme should be settled

therefor, a tribunal consisting of the Bishop of Calcutta,

the Bishop or Bishops of the diocese or dioceses concerned, and a person to be nominated by the Bishop of

Calcutta shall have power, if they think fit, to settle a

scheme for such trust.

(6) Any such scheme shall be published in the

Gazette of India.

(c) Any trustee or person claiming to be a beneficiary

of such trust may object to any such scheme by repre-

494 Ch. 40. Indian Church 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act; 1921.

sentation in waiting made to the Bishop of Calcutta

within three months after the publication of such scheme.

Such objection shall be considered by the tribunal who

shall have power to modify such scheme accordingly if

they think fit, and shall republish the same (whether

modified or not) in the Gazette of India.

(d) Any such scheme, whether modified or not, shall,

subject to any decree of the Court under subsection (2)

of this section, take effect if no objections are submitted

on the expiration of the time limited for objections or

the date of severance, whichever is the later, or if objections are submitted on the republication of the scheme

or the date of severance, whichever is the later, and on

taking effect shall have the same force and effect as a

scheme settled by the Court under section ninety-two of the Code of Civil Procedure.

(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (1)

of this section, the provisions of section ninety-two of the

Code of Civil Procedure shall apply to any trusts referred

to in this section with the following modifications :—

(a) The Court for this purpose shall consist of (i) the

Judge; (ii) two persons to be nominated by

the Bishop of Calcutta; and (iii) two persons

to be nominated by the plaintiff or plaintiffs in

accordance with rules to be made by the Judge:

(b) On all questions of law the decision of the Judge

of the Court shall prevail; on all questions of

fact or mixed fact and law the decision of the

majority shall prevail. On a question whether

any matter is a question of law or of fact or of

mixed fact and law the decision of the Judge

shall prevail:

(c) No appeal shall lie from the decision of the

Court save by leave of the Judge, who shall

grant such leave if he is satisfied that such

appeal raises a substantial question of principle

and not one of detail:

(d) Appeals from the decision of the Court shall be

deemed for all purposes to be appeals from the

Court sitting under section ninety-tw'o of the

Code of Civil Procedure, but no appeal shall

lie to His Majesty in Council.

(3) It shall be lawful for the Indian Legislature, with

the previous approval of the Secretary of State in Council

1927. Indian Church Ch. 40. 495

Act, 1927.

of India, to repeal or alter any of the provisions of this

section.

9. Nothing in this Act, whether by reason of the Saving •.

repeal of any existing enactment or otherwise, shall rights,

(save as expressly provided) affect—

(i) The power of His Majesty or of the Secretary of

State in Council of India to continue, in respect

of services whether rendered before or after the

date of severance to grant, allow, and pay, or

cause to be paid, out of the revenues of India,

to any person now or at the date of severance

holding or having held any bishopric or archdeaconry in the Indian Church such salary,

allowance, pension, or other payment as by

virtue of any Act of Parliament His Majesty

or the Secretary of State in Council of India,

before the passing of this Act, was or hereafter

may be authorised to grant, allow, and pay, or

cause to be paid; nor any right or claim of any

such person to receive such salary, allowance,

pension, or other payment;

(ii) The existing right of any person who now holds

or has held any bishopric or archdeaconry to any

title or precedence which he would have enjoyed

if this Act had not been passed;

(iii) The continuance of the existing practice of the

Secretary of State in Council of India or the

Governor-General of India in Council, or of the

Governments of the Provinces of India, with

regard to providing or maintaining out of the

revenues of India churches and chapels for the

use of the Indian Church;

(iv) The continuance of the existing practice of the

Secretary of Stute in Council of India with

regard to appointing, paying and granting

pensions out of the revenues of India to chaplains

to minister in India and to making grants-in-aid

to persons other than chaplains for ministering

in Maintained Churches or elsewhere.

10. The Indian Christian Marriage Act, 1872, shall Provisions

apply to the Indian Church on ami after the date of as to

severance in like manner in all respects as it applied to marriages,

the Indian Church before the date of severance.

496

Ch. 40.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Commencement.

Short title.

Section 2.

Sections 1, 5

and 6.

11. This Act shall come into operation on the date

fixed by His Majesty in Council for the coming into

operation of the Indian Church Measure, 1927.

12. This Act may be cited as the Indian Church

Act, 1927.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Enactment repealed.

[t Short title. Extent of repeal.

The'" Government T of 1 Part X, so far as it relates to the Church of

India Act. England; that is to say, sections one

hundred and fifteen, one hundred and

seventeen, one hundred and eighteen,

one hundred and nineteen, one hundred

and twenty, and one hundred and

twenty-one.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

List oe Maintained Churches.

Part I.

Churches vested in the Crown.

A. Military Churches.

Station. Dedication. Station. Dedication.

Diocese

Balasore.

Barrackpore.

Calcutta.

Dinapore.

Dum Dum.

Muzaffarpur.

Diocese

Bangalore.

Bangalore.

Bolarum.

r Calcutta.

St. John the

Baptist.

St. Bartholomew.

St. Peter.

St. Luke.

St. Stephen.

ChristChurch.

f Madras.

St. Mark.

Holy Trinity.

Holy Trinity.

Diocese of Madras— cont.

Calicut.

Madras.

Malappuram.

Secunderabad.

St. Thomas ’

Mount.

Trimulgherry.

Wellington.

Diocese of

Aden.

Aden.

Ahmedabad.

St. Mary.

St. Mary.

ChristChurch.

St. John.

St. Thomas.

All Saints.

St. George.

Bombay.

St. Mary.

ChristChurch.

St. George.

1927

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

Ch. 40.

497

Station.

Dedication.

Diocese oe Bombay — cont.

Ahmednagar.

ChristChurch.

Belgaum.

St. Mary.

Bombay.

St. John the

Deesa.

Evangelist.

ChristChurch.

Ghorpuri.

Kirkee.

All Saints.

Poona.

St. Mary.

PurancLhar.

Holy Trinity.

Satara.

St. Thomas.

Diocese of Lahore.

Abbottabad.

St. Luke.

Ambala.

St. Paul.

Attock.

St. Peter.

Bakloh.

St. Oswald.

Bannu.

St. George.

Campbellpore.

All Saints.

Cherat.

St. Saviour.

Dagshai.

St. Saviour.

Dalhousie.

St. John.

Dera Ismail

St. Thomas.

Khan.

Ferozepur.

St. Andrew,

Hyderabad

St. Thomas.

(Sind).

Jhelum.

St. John.

Jullundur.

St. Luke.

Jutogh.

St. Michael.

Karachi.

Holy Trinity.

Kasauli.

ChristChurch.

Kohat.

St. Augustine.

Lahore.

St. Mary

Manora.

Magdalene.

St. Paul.

Mardan.

St. Alban.

Multan.

St. Mary.

Nowshera.

ChristChurch.

Peshawar.

St. John.

Quetta.

St. Mary of

Rawalpindi.

Bethany.

ChristChurch.

Rawalpindi.

St. Mary.

Sabathu.

Station.

Dedication.

Diocese of Lahore — cont.

Sanawar.

Holy Trinity.

Sialkot.

Holy Trinity.

Sheik Budin.

St. David.

Solon.

Diocese of

Lucknow.

Agra.

St. George.

Agra.

St. Matthew.

Allahabad.

St. David.

Almora.

St. Mark.

Bareilly.

St. Stephen.

Bareilly.

Christ Church.

Benares.

St. Mary.

Cawnpore.

All Souls.

Cawnpore.

St. John.

Chakrata.

St. Hugh.

Chaubattia.

St. Michael.

Fatehgarh.

All Souls.

Fyzabad.

St. Andrew.

Jhansi.

St. Martin.

Landour.

St. Paul.

Lansdowne.

St. Mary.

Lucknow.

All Saints.

Meerut.

St. John.

Muttra.

ChristChurch.

Ranikhet.

St. Peter.

Roorkee.

St. John.

Shahjahanpur.

St. Mary.

Sitapur.

All Souls.

Diocese of Nagpur.

Jubbulpore.

St. Michael

and All

Angels.

Kamptee.

ChristChurch.

Mhow.

ChristChurch.

Nasirabad.

St. Paul.

Nowgong.

St. Peter.

Pachmarhi.

ChristChurch.

Saugor.

St. Peter.

Diocese of Rangoon.

Port Blair.

ChristChurch.

Rangoon.

ChristChurch.

I i

2nd Sch.

— cont.

498

Ch. 40.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

2nd Soh. B. Civil Churches.

— ccmt,

Station.

Dedication.

Station.

Dedication.

Diocese oe

1 Calcutta.

Diocese of Assam — cont.

Arrah.

The Holy

Sylhet.

St. Michael.

Saviour.

Tezpur.

Church of the

Bankipore.

ChristChurch.

Epiphany.

Barisal.

St. Peter.

Bhagalpur.

ChristChurch.

Diocese of

Madras.

Calcutta.

St. John.

Bangalore (Fort).

Calcutta.

St. Stephen.

Bangalore.

St. John.

Chinsurah.

Bellary.

Holy Trinity.

Chupra.

Bellary.

ChristChurch.

Cuttack.

The EpiBerhampore.

St. Stephen.

phany.

Bimlipatam.

St. Peter.

Dacca.

St. Thomas.

Cannanore.

St. John.

Darjeeling.

St. Andrew.

Chittoor.

St. Luke.

Dumka.

St. Andrew.

Coconada.

St. Thomas.

Gulzarbagh.

St. John.

Coimbatore.

All Souls.

Gaya.

St. David.

Coonoor.

All Saints.

Howrah.

St. Thomas.

Cuddapah.

ChristChurch.

Howrah.

St. Peter.

Dowlaishwar am.

Church of the

Jalpaiguri.

St. Michael

Good Shepand All

herd.

Angels.

Gudalur.

St. John.

Jessore.

ChristChurch.

Kotagiri.

ChristChurch.

Khagole.

ChristChurch.

Kumbakonam.

Christ Church.

Khurda Boad.

St. John.

Lovedale.

Church of the

Kurseong.

ChristChurch.

Ascension.

Midnapore.

St. John.

Madras.

St. Mathias.

Monghyr.

St. John.

Madras.

St. Mark.

Motihari.

St. Andrew.

Madras.

Holy EmMymensingh.

Christ Church.

manuel.

Puri.

St. Thomas.

Mangalore.

St. Paul.

Purnea.

Emmanuel.

Mercara.

St. Mark.

Serampore.

St. Olave.

Mysore.

St. Bartholomew.

Diocese of Chota Nagpur.

Negapatam.

St. Peter.

Hazaribagh.

St. Stephen.

Nellore.

Ootacamund.

ChristChurch.

St. Stephen.

Ootacamund.

St. Thomas.

Diocese

of Assam.

Palghat.

Holy Trinity.

Comilla.

ChristChurch.

Palamcottah.

ChristChurch.

Dhubri.

All Saints.

Pallavaram.

St. Stephen.

Dibrugarh.

St. Paul.

Poonamallee.

St. Mary MagGauhati.

ChristChurch.

dalene.

Shillong.

All Saints.

Kajamundry.

Holy Trinity.

Silchar.

St. Andrews.

Ramandrug.

1927. Indian Church Ch. 40.

Act, 1927.

Station.

Dedication.

Diocese of Madras — cont.

Ranipet.

St. Mary.

Salem.

ChristChurch.

Tellicherry.

St. John.

Tranquebar.

Zion Church.

Trichinopoly.

St. John.

Vellore.

St. John.

Vizagapatam.

St. John.

Vizianagram.

St. Mary,

Waltair.

St. Paul.

Diocese of Travancore

and Cochin.

Cochin (Cochin

St. Francis.

State).

Quilon (Travan-

St. Thomas.

core State).

Trivandrum

ChristChurch.

(Travancore

State).

Diocese of Tinnevelly.

Madura.

St. George.

Tuticorin.

Diocese of Dornakal.

Kurnool.

ChristChurch.

Masulipatam.

St. Mary.

Diocese of Bombay.

Ahmedabad.

ChristChurch.

Aurangabad.

Holy Trinity.

Bandra.

St. Stephen.

Baroda.

St. James.

Belgaum.

ChristChurch.

Bijapur.

All Saints.

Broach.

St. Mathias.

Dharwar.

All Saints.

Igatpuri.

St. Matthias.

Kaira.

St. George.

Karwar.

Lonavla.

All Saints.

Mahableshwar.

ChristChurch.

Mount Abu.

St. Saviour.

Poona.

St. Paul.

Station. Dedication.

Diocese of Bombay— cont .

Rajkot.

ChristChurch.

Sholapur.

ChristChurch.

Surat.

ChristChurch.

Thana.

St. James.

Diocese

of Lahore.

Amritsar.

St. Paul.

Bhatinda.

Dalhousie.

St. John.

Delhi.

St. James.

Dharmsala.

St. John in

the Wilderness.

Gujranwala.

ChristChurch.

Gujrat.

St. Saviour.

Gurdaspur.

All Saints.

Gurgaon.

Epiphany.

Gulmarg.

St. Mary.

Hissar.

St. Thomas.

Hoshiarpur.

ChristChurch.

Jhang.

St. John in

the Wilderness.

Kalka.

St. John.

Karnal.

Emmanuel.

Khewra.

St. James.

Kotri.

ChristChurch.

Lahore.

St. Andrew.

Ludhiana.

ChristChurch.

Lyallpur.

St. Peter.

Madhupur.

All Saints.

Moghalpura.

St. Oswald.

Montgomery.

St. Patrick.

Multan.

ChristChurch.

Murree.

Holy Trinity.

Muzaffargarh.

St. Mary.

Rohtak.

All Saints.

Shahpur.

St. Andrews.

Simla.

All Saints.

Simla.

ChristChurch.

Sirsa.

St. John in

the Wilderness.

Srinagar.

All Saints.

Sukkur.

2

St. Saviour.

499

2nd Sch

—con'.

500

Ch. 40.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5,

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Station. Dedication.

Station. Dedication.

Diocese of Lucknow. Diocese of Nagpur— cont .

Agra.

Aligarh.

Allahabad.

Azamgarh.

Badaon.

Banda.

Bara Banki.

Basti.

Bulandshahr.

Chunar.

Dehra Dun.

Etwah.

Ghaziabad.

Ghazipur.

Gonda.

Gorakhpur.

Hardoi.

Jaunpur.

Lakhimpur.

Lalitpur.

Lucknow.

Mainpuri.

Mirzapur.

Moradabad.

Mussoorie.

Muzaffarnagar.

Naini Tal.

Partabgarh.

Rai Bareilly.

Saharanpur.

Sultanpur.

Ajmer.

Akola.

Amraoti.

Bandi Kui.

Betul.

St. Paul.

ChristChurch.

Holy Trinity.

Holy Trinity.

St. Saviour.

St. George.

St. Mary.

St. James.

All Saints.

Holy Trinity.

St. Thomas.

ChristChurch.

Holy Trinity.

St. Thomas.

St. Thomas.

ChristChurch.

ChristChurch.

Holy Trinity.

ChristChurch.

St. John.

ChristChurch.

St. Paul.

St. John.

St. Paul.

ChristChurch.

St. John.

St. John in

the Wilderness.

St. John.

St. James.

St. Thomas.

ChristChurch.

St. Mary.

All Saints.

St. Thomas.

St. John the

Baptist.

St. Andrew.

Bhandara.

Chanda.

Chhindwara.

Damoh.

Deoli.

Ellichpur.

Hoshangabad.

Indore.

Jaipur.

Jubbulpore.

Khandwa.

Mandla.

Morar, Gwalior.

Narsinghpur.

Nagpur.

Raipur.

Sambalpur.

Sehore.

Seoni.

Sutna.

Wardha.

Akyab.

Bassein.

Meiktila.

Minbu.

Myingyan.

Pegu.

Prome.

Thayetmyo.

Toungoo.

Yamethin.

St. Paul.

St. Jude.

St. Mark.

St. Paul.

St. Andrew.

St. George.

St. Anne.

All Saints.

ChristChurch.

St. Andrew

with St. Catharine.

St. Luke.

ChristChurch.

St. Catherine.

All Saints.

St. John.

St. James.

All Saints.

ChristChurch.

St. Mary.

St. Thomas.

St. Mark.

St. John the

Evangelist.

Holy Trinity.

Church of the

Good Shepherd.

St. Peter.

Holy Trinity.

St. Mark.

St. John the

Baptist.

St. John the

Baptist.

All Saints.

Diocese of Nagpur.

Diocese of Rangoon.

1927.

Indian Church

Act, 1927.

Ch. 40, 41

501

Part II.

Churches not vested in the Crown.

2nd Sen.

— cant.

Station.

Dedication.

Station.

Dedication.

Diocese i

of Calcutta.

Diocese of

Lahore.

Asansol.

St. Paul.

Dungagali.

St. Simon and

Calcutta.

St. James.

St. Jude.

Calcutta.

St. Paul.

Kangra.

St. James.

Saidpur.

ChristChurch.

Lahore.

The Church of the ResurDiocese of

Chota Nagpur.

rection.

Dhanbad.

St. Mary.

Nathiagali.

St. Matthew.

Diocese

of Madras.

Diocese of

Lucknow.

Madras.

ChristChurch.

Allahabad.

All Saints.

Madras.

St. George.

Tundla.

ChristChurch.

Diocese of Tinnevelly.

Kodaikanal.

St. Peter.

Diocese of

Nagpur.

Diocese of Dornakal.

Badnera.

Bhopal.

St. George.

The Holy

Bezwada.

St. Paul.

Redeemer.

Guntur.

St. John.

Bina.

St. John the

Baptist.

Diocese of Bombay.

Harda.

St. Matthew.

Bombay.

ChristChurch.

Katni.

St. Philip and

Bombay.

St. Thomas.

St. James.

Matheran.

St. Paul.

Sohagpur.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the law relating to perpetuities

and accumulations, as respects certain benefit

funds and as respects trust funds for the

reduction of the National Debt.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

502

Ch. 41.

Superannuation and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Rule against

perpetuities

not to apply

to registered funds.

Provisions as to Benefit Funds.

1. The rule of law relating to perpetuities shall not

apply and shall be deemed never to have applied to the

trusts of any fund registered under this Act (in this Act

referred to as a " registered fund ").

Qualifica- 2. Subject to the provisions of this Act, any fund

tions for established under trusts subject to the laws of Great

registration Britain, in connection with an undertaking or com-

of funds. bination of undertakings carried on wholly or partly

in Great Britain, being a fund of which the main

purpose is either—

(a) the provision of superannuation allowances on

retirement to persons employed in the undertaking or combination of undertakings in

connection with which the fund is established;

or

(6) the provision of pensions during widowhood to

the widows of persons who are or have been

so employed and of periodical allowances to

or in respect of children of such persons; or

(c) the assurance of capital sums on the death of

persons who have been so employed,

shall be qualified for registration under this Act if the

rules of the fund comply with the requirements set out

in the Schedule to this Act.

Registra- 3.—(1) Application for the registration under this

turn. Act of any fund may be made in writing addressed to the

registrar, signed by the trustees of the fund, and every

such application shall specify the address at which communications concerning the fund wall be received by the

secretary (hereinafter referred to as " the address of the

fund") and shall be accompanied by two copies of the rules of the fund and a list of the names and

addresses of the trustees of the fund.

(2) Upon application being made in accordance

with the provisions of this Act for the registration of

any fund, the registrar shall, if he is satisfied that the

fund is qualified for registration, register the fund and

the rules thereof, and shall enter in the register the address

of the fund and the names and addresses of the trustees.

1927. Superannuation and Ch. 41. 503

other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

(3) In the event of any amendment of the rules of a

registered fund or of any change in the address of such a

fund or in the names or addresses of the trustees

thereof, the trustees shall, within twenty-one days after

the making of the amendment or change, apply for the

registration of the amendment or for the correction of the register in respect of the change, as the case may

be, by sending an application in writing addressed to

the registrar, signed by the secretary of the fund, and

accompanied, in the case of an amendment, by two

copies thereof signed by one of the trustees of the fund,

and in the case of any such change as aforesaid, by the

necessary particulars for the correction of the register:

no amendment in the rules of a registered fund shall be

valid until it has been registered, but, upon application

for the registration of any such amendment being made

as aforesaid, the registrar shall register the amendment

if he is satisfied that the rules as thereby amended

would not have disqualified the fund for registration

under this Act.

(4) Upon the registration under this Act of any

fund or of an amendment of the rules of any registered

fund, the registrar shall issue a certificate of registration,

and any document purporting to be a certificate issued

under this subsection and to be signed or sealed by the

registrar shall be received in evidence and be deemed

to be so issued, signed or sealed without further proof

unless the contrary is shown, and shall be conclusive

evidence of the fact certified.

(5) The registration of a registered fund shall not be

cancelled unless and until the fund has been wound up,

but within fourteen days after the completion of the

winding-up of any such fund the trustees shall send

notice thereof in writing to the registrar and upon

receiving notice that any registered fund has been

wound up, the registrar shall, if he is satisfied that the

fund has been wound up and the assets thereof applied

in accordance with the provisions of the rules of the

fund, cancel the registration of the fund.

(6) Such fees shall be payable in respect of the

registration of funds, amendments of rules and changes

of name or address, and in respect of the issue of certificates under this Act as may be prescribed by regulations

made by the Treasury.

504 Cii. 41. Superannuation and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

Power on 4.—(1) If upon an application for the registration

registration under this Act of any fund whereof the rules were made

of /'te 0 ° before the commencement of this Act. the registrar

visions^for" i s satisfied that the rules of the fund contain provisions

avoi ding the which were inserted only for the purpose of avoiding the

rule against application to the trusts of the fund of the rule of law

perpetuities, relating to perpetuities, he may, at the request of the

trustees making the application, amend the rules by

deleting those provisions therefrom and may, upon the

like request, make any further amendments that are, in

his opinion, proper in consequence of their deletion.

(2) Where the rules of any fund are amended by the

registrar under this section, the rules shall, when registered, have effect subject to the amendments so made.

Accounts 5.—(1) The trustees of every registered fund shall,

and reports once in every year, cause to be prepared a statement

fundf 1Stered accoun fs and balance sheet of the fund which shall be

audited by an auditor, and shall, at least once in every

five years, cause an investigation and report to be made

by an actuary as to the financial condition of the fund.

(2) A copy of every statement of accounts, balance

sheet and report prepared under this section signed by

the auditor or actuary, as the case may be, and by

the secretary of the fund, shall be sent to the registrar

within twelve months after the close of the period to

which it relates.

Supple- 6.—(1) The registrar may require any person being

mentary a trustee, or officer of any fund for the registration of

as'topowers under this Act application has been made, or

of registrar. of an y registered fund, to furnish, either by statutory

declaration or otherwise, any information or explanation

which may be necessary for the proper exercise and

performance of the powers and duties of the registrar

under this Act.

(2) In the event of any breach of trust being

committed by the trustees of a registered fund by reason

of their making any unauthorised investment or by reason

of their committing a breach of any rule of the fund

being a rule required by this Act as a qualification for

registration of the fund thereunder, the Chief Registrar,

or in Scotland the assistant registrar for Scotland, shall

have the like remedies in all respects for the breach of

1927. Superannuation and Ch. 41. 505

other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

trust as if he were a person beneficially interested in the

fund.

7. —(1) If, in respect of any registered fund, default Penalties for

is made in complying with any of the requirements of defaults,

this Act relating to accounts and reports, in making

application in accordance with the requirements of this Act for the registration of any amendment of the rules

or for correction of the register in respect of any change

in the address of the fund or in the names and addresses

of the trustees, or in sending to the registrar notice

of the winding up of the fund, every trustee and the

secretary of the fund shall he guilty of an offence under

this Act:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to any

proceedings against any person in respect of an offence

under this subsection to prove that the default occurred

without his consent or connivance and was not facilitated

by any neglect on his part.

(2) If any person lawfully required under this Act by

the registrar to furnish any information or explanation

which could with reasonable diligence be furnished by

him, makes default in complying with any such requirement -within fourteen days after written notice thereof

has been delivered to him, he shall be guilty of an offence

under this Act.

(3) Any person guilty of an offence under this Act

shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not

exceeding five pounds, and, in the case of an offence

consisting of a continuing default, to a fine not

exceeding five pounds for every week in which the

default has been continued.

8 . In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, Interpreta-

the following expressions have the meanings hereby tion.

respectively assigned to them, that is to say:—

" Actuary " and " Auditor " mean persons having

such qualifications as may be prescribed

respectively by regulations made by the Chief

Registrar and laid before Parliament:

" Chief Registrar " and " Registrar " have the same

meanings as in the Friendly Societies Act, 1896: 59 & 60 Vict.

" Rules" means in relation to any fund, the instru- c ‘

ment creating and regulating the trusts of the

fund, and includes every such instrument:

506

Validation

of trust

funds for

the reduction of

National

Debt.

Reports to

Parliament.

Ch. 41. Superannuation and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

" Trust " for the purpose of any application made

or intended to be made for the registration under

this Act of any fund or proposed fund, includes

any trust which before such registration may be

void by reason of the rule of law relating to

perpetuities, and for that purpose the expression

" trustee " shall be construed accordingly.

Provisions as to Funds for the reduction of the

National Debt.

9. — (1) Where by any instrument directions are

given for any property being held upon trust and the

income thereof being wholly accumulated (subject only

to payment thereout of any costs, charges and expenses

of the trustees and any remuneration to which they may

be entitled) for any period to be determined under the

provisions of the instrument, and for the property and

accumulations being transferred at or before the expiration of that period to the National Debt Commissioners

to be applied by them in reduction of the National Debt,

then, unless the Treasury within three months after

they receive notice of the taking effect of the instrument

disclaim the interest of the National Debt Commissioners

under the said directions, notwithstanding any Act or

rule of law to the contrary, the directions shall be valid

and effective and no person shall be entitled to require

the transfer of any part of the property, income or

accumulations otherwise than in accordance with the

provisions of the instrument.

(2) It shall be the duty of the trustees of any such

trust as aforesaid to render to the National Debt

Commissioners such accounts and information relating

to the trust as may reasonably be required by the

Commissioners.

General.

10. The Chief Registrar shall in every year make

a general report of his proceedings and of those of the

assistant registrars under this Act, and his report shall

be laid before Parliament, so, however, that no such

report shall contain information as to the accounts or

reports of particular registered funds.

1927.

Superannuation and Ch. 41.

other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

507

11 .—(1)This Act may be cited as the Super- Short title '

animation and other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927. and extent.

(2) Section nine of this Act shall extend to Northern

Ireland, but save as aforesaid this Act shall not extend

to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

Section 2.

Requirements as to Rules of Registered Funds.

The rules of a fund qualified for registration under this Act

must make provision for the following matters, that Ls to say:—

1. The whole of the objects for which the fund is established:

2. The appointment and removal of trustees and of a

secretary:

3. The vesting in the trustees of all property belonging to

the fund:

4. The investment in the names of the trustees of all

capital moneys belonging to the fund and for authorising the investments, if any in addition to those

authorised by law, in which the trustees may invest

such moneys; so, however, that the rules of a fund

may provide for the deposit of such moneys with a

bank, and may also provide for their deposit with the

employers of persons employed in the undertaking or

combination of undertakings in connection with which

the fund is established in the following cases, that is

say—

(a) where the rules so provided before the ninth

day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven;

(b) where the deposit of such moneys is authorised

subject to the conditions that every employer with

whom such moneys are deposited must be a body

corporate having during each of the ten years last

past before the date of any deposit paid a dividend

or interest at a rate of not less than three per cent.

508

Ch. 41, 42. Superannuation and 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

other Trust Funds (Validation) Act, 1927.

on its ordinary shares, and that every such deposit

must be secured by a charge on the whole or part of the assets of the undertaking carried on by such

employer.

5. The making of contributions to the fund by the employers

of persons employed in the undertaking or combination

of undertakings in connection with which the fund is

established:

6. The contributions payable to the fund, and the rates of

benefit payable thereout or the method of calculating

the benefits so payable:

7. The conditions on which persons may become and may

cease to be respectively, contributors to and entitled

to benefits from, the fund:

8. The circumstances in which the fund may be wound

up and the manner in which the assets thereof are in

that event to be applied:

9. The method by which the rules may be amended:

10. The preparation of all statements of accounts, balance

sheets and reports required by this Act to be prepared:

11. The supply on demand to every person having any rights

in the fund, being a person who is or has been employed

in the undertaking or combination of undertakings in

connection with which the fund is established, of a copy

of the rules of the fund and of all amendments thereof,

and of the latest statement of accounts, balance sheet

and report prepared in accordance with the requirements

of this Act.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act for further promoting the Revision of the

Statute Law by repealing Enactments which

have ceased to be in force or have become

unnecessary.

[22nd December 1927.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain enactments

which may be regarded as spent, or have ceased

to be in force otherwise than by express specific repeal

by Parliament, or have, by lapse of time or otherwise,

become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically

repealed:

1927.

• Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

509

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The enactments described in Parts I and II of Enactments

the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to in schedule

the provisions of this Act and subject to the exceptions re P ealed -

and qualifications in the said schedule mentioned; and

every part of a title, preamble, or recital specified after

the words "in part, namely, " in connexion with an Act

mentioned in the said schedule may be omitted from any

revised edition of the statutes published by authoritj ’

after the passing of this Act, and there may be added

in the said edition such brief statement of the Acts,

officers, persons, and things mentioned in the title,

preamble, or recital, as may in consequence of such

omission appear necessary:

Provided as follows:—

The repeal of any words or expressions of enactment

described in the said schedule shall not affect the binding

force, operation, or construction of any statute, or of

any part of a statute, whether as respects the past or

the future;

and where any enactment not comprised in the

said schedule has been repealed, confirmed, revived,

or perpetuated by any enactment hereby repealed, such

repeal, confirmation, revivor, or perpetuation shall not

be affected by the repeal effected by this Act;

and the repeal by this Act of any enactment or

schedule shall not affect any enactment hi which such

enactment or schedule has been applied, incorporated,

or referred to;

nor shall such repeal of any enactment affect any

right to any hereditary revenues of the Crown, or affect

any charges thereupon or prevent any such enactment

from being put in force for the collection of any such

revenues, or otherwise in relation thereto;

and this Act shall not affect the validity, invalidity,

effect, or consequences of anything already done or

suffered, —or any existing status or capacity, —or any

right, title, obligation, or liability, already acquired,

accrued, or incurred, or any remedy or proceeding

in respect thereof, —or any release or discharge of or

510

Ch. 42.

Application

of repealed

enactments

in local

courts.

Omission of

matters

solely

relating to

the Irish

Free State.

Short title

and extent.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 67.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

from any debt, penalty, obligation, liability, claim, or

demand, —or any indemnity, —or the proof of any past

act or thing;

nor shall this Act affect any principle or rule of

law or equity, or established jurisdiction, form or course

of pleading, practice, or procedure, or the general or public

nature of any statute, or any existing usage, franchise,

liberty, custom, privilege, restriction, exemption, office,

appointment, payment, allowance, emolument, or benefit,

or any prospective right, notwithstanding that the

same respectively may have been in any manner

affirmed, recognised, or derived by, in, or from any

enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any jurisdiction,

office, duty, drawback, fee, payment, franchise, liberty,

custom, liability, right, title, privilege, restriction, exemption, usage, practice, procedure, form of punishment,

or other matter or thing not now existing or in force;

and this Act shall not extend to repeal any enactment so far as the same may be in force in any part

of His Majesty’s dominions out of the United Kingdom,

except where otherwise expressed in the said schedule.

2. If and so far as any enactment repealed by

this Act applies or may have been by Order in Council

applied to the court of the county palatine of Lancaster

or to any inferior court of civil jurisdiction, such enactment shall be construed as if it were contained in a

local and personal Act specially relating to such court

and shall have effect accordingly.

3. Enactments or words in respect of matters

exclusively relating to the portion of Ireland within the

jurisdiction of the Irish Free State or to any part

thereof may be omitted from any revised edition of the

statutes published by authority.

4. —(1) This Act maybe cited as the Statute Law

Revision Act, 1927.

(2) In its application to Northern Ireland this Act

shall, as respects matters within the powers of the

Parliament of Northern Ireland, be subject to alteration

by that Parliament as if it had been an Act passed

before the appointed day within the meaning of the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

511

SCHEDULE.

Repeals.

Part I.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

I Edw. 7:

c. 1. The Consolidated Fund Act (No. 1), 1901.

c. 2. The Army (Annual) Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Schedule.

c. 3. The Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Title from " and subsection (2)."

c. 4. The Civil List Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section five.

First and Second Schedules.

c. 6. The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1901.

c. 7. The Finance Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Title, the words from " and the National

Debt."

[Preamble.]

Section one.

Section two, subsection (1).

Section four.

Section five, subsection (1) the words from

" as from " where first occurring to

" hundred and one " where secondly

occurring, the words from " On glucose

made in Great Britain " to " any less

quantity " where secondly occurring, and

the words from " and there shall be

allowed " to the end of the subsection.

Section six.

Section ten, subsection (4), from " and section

twenty " to the end of the subsection.

Sections twelve and fourteen.

First, Second and Third Schedules.

512

Ch. 42. Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 Edw. 7.:

c. 8.

The Isolation Hospitals Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2).

c. 9.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section two, from " Provided that."

Sections four and five.

Schedule.

c. 12.

The Loan Act, 1901.

c. 10.

The National Gallery (Purchase of Adjacent Land)

Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Sections two and three.

Section four, subsection (2).

Sections six and seven.

Section eight, subsection (2).

c. 17.

The Lunacy (Ireland) Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (3).

c. 19.

The Public Libraries Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Title from " and to regulate."

Section fourteen.

Schedule.

c. 21.

The Appropriation Act, 1901.

c. 22.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section sixty-two, from " unless lawfully " to

the end of the section.

Section one hundred and sixty-one and one

hundred and sixty-two.

Fifth Schedule.

Seventh Schedule, Part I.

As from the date when the repeal of Part

III of the Act takes effect as to Scotland,

section one hundred and fifty-nine, subsections (1), (0) and (7).

c. 23.

The Marriages Legalization Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

513

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 Eclw. 7.:

c. 26.

c. 27.

c. 28.

c. 29.

c. 32.

c. 33.

c. 35.

c. 37.

c. 38.

c. 39.

c. 40.

The Births and Deaths Registration Act.. 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) from "provided

that ", and subsection (3).

Schedule.

The Intoxicating Liquors (Sale to Children) Act,

1901.

In part, namely, —

Sections one and seven.

The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) from "and subsection (3) " to the end of the subsection,

and subsection (2).

Section three.

The Colonial Acts Confirmation Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Schedule, so far as it relates to Acts of the

Colony of New South Wales.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1901.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1901,

The Public Works Loans Act, 1901.

The Valuation (Ireland) Act, 1901.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1901.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (G).

The Naval Works Act, 1901.

The Military Works Act, 1901.

2 Edw. 7.:

c. 1 .

c. 2.

c. 4.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1902.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1902.

The Loan Act, 1902.

Kk

514

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

2 Edw. 7.:

c. 5.

The Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section one, from " shall have effect " to

" section as amended."

c. 7.

The Finance Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections tvo to four.

Section ten.

c. 8.

The Cremation Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section three from " The expression Secretary of State."

Section fifteen.

c. 9.

The Prison Officers (Pensions) Act, 1902.

c. 15.

The Musical (Summary Proceedings) Copyright

Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section four from " and shall oome " to

" hundred and two."

c. 17.

The Mid wives Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) to " hundred

and five."

Section two.

Section three from " which shall consist of "

to " for a like period."

Section eight the words "on the commencement of this Act."

Section nineteen, except the short title.

c. 20.

The Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, subsection (2).

o. 21.

The Shop Clubs Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section eight.

c. 22.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1902.

c. 23.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1902.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

515

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

2 Edw. 7.:

c. 27.

The Appropriation Act, 1902.

c. 28.

The Licensing Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Title from " and to provide ".

Section twenty-two.

Section thirty-three.

Section thirty-four, subsection (3).

Schedule.

c. 29.

The Freshwater Fish (Scotland) Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section one, the words "From and after the

passing of this Act."

Section four.

c. 30.

The Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1902.

c. 32.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1902.

c. 33.

The Agriculture and Technical Instruction (Ireland)

(No. 2) Act, 1902.

o. 35.

The Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

c. 38.

The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section four from " or where any such debt."

Sections five and six.

Sections eight and nine.

Section thirteen.

Section twenty-two, subsection (2).

c. 40.

The Uganda Railway Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 41.

The Metropolis Water Act, 1902.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (3).

Section five.

Section fifteen, subsection (7) to " appointed

day."

Section seventeen, subsection (1), the words

" not exceeding three pounds."

Section twenty-three.

Kk 2

516

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

2 Edw. 7.:

c. 41. The Metropolis Water Act, 1902— cont.

Section twenty-five, subsection (3) from " and

a copy, " and subsection (5).

Section twenty-nine.

Section thirty-seven from "but no day

earlier " to " company and the Water

Board."

Section thirty-eight.

Sections forty to forty-four.

Section forty-seven, subsections (6) and (9),

and subsection (7) from " Provided that."

Sections forty-eight and forty-nine.

Sections fifty-one to fifty-three.

Paragraphs 3 and 28 of Third Schedule.

Fourth and Fifth Schedules.

3 Edw. 7.:

c. 2. The Light Locomotives (Ireland) Act, 1903.

c. 3. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1903.

c. 4. The Army (Annual) Act, 1903.

c. 5. The Berwickshire County Town Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

c. 6. The Naval Forces Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section five, from " and in section one of the

Royal Naval " to the end of the section.

c. 8. The Finance Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Title, from " to grant " to " duties and, " the

words " Customs and Inland Revenue

and " and from " and to make."

[Preamble.]

Sections one to five.

Section seven, except the short title.

Second Schedule.

c. 9. The County Councils (Bills in Parliament) Act,

1903.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (5).

Section three, subsection (2).

1927. Statute Law Revision Ch. 42. 517

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

3 Edw. 7.:

o. 14.

The Borough Funds Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, subsection (1).

Section ten.

Section twelve, subsection (2).

Second Schedule.

c. 20.

The Patriotic Fund Reorganisation Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section four.

Section five, subsection (2).

First Schedule, article two to " After the expiration of three years."

Second Schedule.

c. 21.

The Sugar Convention Act, 1903.

c. 22.

The Naval Works Act, 1903.

c. 23.

The Ireland Development Grant Act, 1903.

c. 25.

The Licensing (Scotland) Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, subsection (1) to " hundred

and four and " and subsection (2) to " dates

aforesaid and."

Section ten, subsection (2) from " the population as stated " to " and provided

further that."

Section twenty-seven, subsection (1).

Section one hundred and nine.

Second and Seventh Schedules.

Twelfth Schedule, Part I.

c. 26.

The Marriage Legalization Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 27.

The South African Loan and War Contribution

Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Title, from " and to provide."

Section two.

c. 28.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1903.

c. 29.

The Military Works Act, 1903.

518

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

3 Edw. 7.:

c. 30. The Railways (Electrical Power) Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section six, subsection (4).

c. 31. The Board of Agriculture and Fisheries Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (1) from "and

except so far, " and subsection (2) except

the short title.

Parts I and II of the schedule.

c. 32. The Appropriation Act, 1903.

c. 33. The Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section ninety-eight, subsection (4), the words

" or Supply of milk from diseased cows."

Section one hundred and two.

Section one hundred and four, subsection (1)

to " repealed and."

Schedule, column No. I, and in the title of the schedule the words "repealed or."

c. 34. The Town Councils (Scotland) Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section six, from " and the words " to the

end of the section.

c. 35. The Isle of Man (Customs; Act, 1903.

c. 36. The Motor Car Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section nine, subsection (1) to " repealed

but."

Section twenty, subsection (2).

Section twenty-one.

c. 37. The Irish Land Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-three, subsection (7).

Section thirty-eight.

Section fifty-four, subsection (3).

Section eighty-five.

Section eighty-six.

Sections one hundred and two and one

hundred and three.

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

519

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

3 Edw. 7.:

c. 38.

The

c. 40.

The

c. 41.

The

c. 42.

The

c. 44.

The

c. 45.

The

Poor Prisoners’ Defence Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —•

Section five, except the short title.

Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1903.

Public Buildings Expenses Act, 1903.

County Courts Act. 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

General Dealers (Ireland) Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section fourteen.

Employment of Children Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section two, proviso (2).

Section fourteen, subsections (1) and (8).

Section seventeen.

c. 46.

The Revenue Act, 1903.

In part, namely, —

Section nine.

Section sixteen, subsection (2).

Section seventeen, except the short title.

Schedule.

4 Edw. 7.:

c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1904.

The Metropolitan Improvements (Funds) Act, 1904

The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1904.

c. 5.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Sections eight and nine.

Schedule.

c. 6.

The Hall-marking of Foreign Plate Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

Section four, subsection (1).

520

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

4 Edw. 7.:

c. 7.

The Finance Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

Title, from " to grant " to " duties and " and

from " and the National."

[Preamble.]

Section one.

Section three, subsection (2) from " section

two " to " repealed and."

Sections four and five.

Sections seven and ten.

c. 8.

The Savings Banks Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

Section one to " this Act."

Sections eight, ten and fifteen.

Schedule.

c. 9.

The Registration of Clubs (Ireland) Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —-

Section three, subsection (7).

Section fourteen from " and shall come."

c. 13.

The London Electric Lighting Areas Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section six, subsection (1).

c. 15.

The Prevention of Cruelty to Children Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-seven.

Section thirty-three, except the short title.

c. 17.

The Appropriation Act, 1904.

c. 22.

The Cunard Agreement (Money) Act, 1904.

c. 28.

1

The Weights and Measures Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

Section four.

Section five, subsection (5).

Section ei^ht, subsection (2), from " and the

appointment " to the end of the subsection; subsection (3) from " or if any "

to " under this section "; and subsection (4)

from " and subsections one " to the end of the subsection.

Section nine, from " and as from " to " that

schedule."

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision Ch. 42.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

4 Edw. 7.:

c. 29.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1904.

c. 35.

The Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 36.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1904.

In part, namely, —

Sections one, two and four.

Schedule.

5 Edw. 7.:

c 1.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1905.

c. 2.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1905.

c. 4.

The Finance Act, 1905.

Title, from " to grant " to " duties and, " the

words " Customs and" where secondly occurring, and from " and the National."

The whole Act so far as unrepealed, except

subsection (1) of section five and subsection (3)

of section eight.

c. 5.

Mr. Speaker’s Retirement Act, 1905.

c. 6.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1905.

c. 7.

The War Stores (Commission) Act, 1905.

c. 10.

The Shipowners’ Negligence (Remedies) Act, 1905.

In part, namely, —

Section two, except the short title.

c. 11.

The Railway Fires Act, 1905.

In part, namely, —

Section five, except the short title.

c. 12.

The Churches (Scotland) Act, 1905.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (4).

Section three.

Section six, subsection (2).

Second Schedule.

c. 15.

The Trade Marks Act, 1905.

In pait, namely, —

Section seventy-three.

Schedule.

521

522

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

5 Edw. 7.:

c. 16. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1905.

c. 17. The Appropriation Act, 1905.

c. 18. The Unemployed Workmen Act, 1905.

In part, namely, —

Section five, subsection (8).

Section six, subsection (5).

Section eight.

c. 20. The Naval Works Act, 1905.

c. 21. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1905.

c. 22. The Public Works Loans Act, 1905.

6 Edw. 7.:

o. 1. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1906.

c. 2. The Army (Annual) Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Section four, subsections (3) and (6), and in

subsection (4) the words "section fifty-

two."

Section nine.

Schedule.

c. 3. The Seed Potatoes Supply (Ireland) Act, 1906.

c. 6. The Metropolitan Police (Commission) Act. 1906.

c. 8. The Finance Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Title, from " to grant " to " duties and " and

from " and Inland Revenue and."

k Preamble.

Section one.

Sections three to six.

Section seven, subsection (1).

Section eight, subsection (1); subsection (2),

from " and so far " to " those duties."

Second Schedule.

c. 9. The Indian Railways Act Amendment Act, 1906.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42,

523

Reign and Chapter.

6 Edw. 7.:

o. 11.

c. 14.

c. 15.

c. 16.

c. 18.

c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 23.

c. 25.

c. 26.

c. 29.

[Short Title.]

The Reserve Forces Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

The Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-six.

Section twenty-seven, subsection (1), the

definition of " Local Government Board."

Section thirty to " Provided that, " and

proviso (c).

Section thirty-one, except the short title.

Second Schedule.

The Extradition Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

The Justices of the Peace Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section five, subsection (2).

Schedule.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1906.

The Revenue Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve.

Section thirteen, except the short title.

The Ground Game (Amendment) Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section four.

The Charitable Loan Societies (Ireland) Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to three.

The Open Spaces Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-three to " Provided that."

Section twenty-four.

Schedule.

The Appropriation Act, 1906.

The Public Works Loans]Act, 1906.

524

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

6 Edw. 7.:

c. 30. The Colonial Marriages (Deceased Wife’s Sister) Act,

1906.

c. 32. The Dogs Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, paragraph (cl).

Section ten.

Section eleven, except the short title.

Schedule.

c. 34. The Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section four, except the short title.

c. 37. The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Sections thirteen, fourteen, fifteen and seventeen.

Section twenty-six.

Sections thirty-three, thirty-seven and thirty-

eight.

Schedule.

c. 38. The Statute Law Revision (Scotland) Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Schedule.

c. 41. The Marine Insurance Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Sections ninety-two and ninety-three.

Second Schedule.

c. 45. The Removal of Offensive Matter Act, 1906.

c. 46. The Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates, and Clerks

of the Peace Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section two, except the short title.

c. 47. The Trade Disputes Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

Section five, subsection (3) from " and in

section three " to the end of the subsection.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

525

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

6 Edw. 7.:

c. 48.

c. 49.

o. 50.

c. 51.

c. 53.

The Merchant Shipping Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

The words " after the appointed day " in

sections one and four.

The words " After the first day of October,

one thousand nine hundred and seven "

in subsections (1), (2) and (3) of section

three and the words "after the date aforesaid " in subsection (4) of the same

section.

Section five.

Section ten, subsection (7).

Section twelve, to " hundred and seven."

Section twenty-five, subsection (1) from " if

the agreement " to " hundred and seven."

Section twenty-seven, subsection (1) to

" hundred and eight."

Section eighty-two, subsection (3) to " sheriS

and, " and subsection (4).

Section eighty-five.

Section eighty-six, subsection (2).

Second Schedule.

The Census of Production Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section one.

The National Galleries of Scotland Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2).

Section five.

Section nine.

Schedule.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1906.

The Land Tax Commissioners Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section two to " provided that."

Schedule.

The Notice of Accidents Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, except the short title.

Schedule.

The Town Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty.

526

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

6 Edw. 7.:

c. 55. The Public Trustee Act, 1906.

In part, namely, —

Section sixteen.

c. 58. The Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1906.

In part, namely.—

Section eleven.

7 Edw. 7.:

c. 1. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1907.

c. 2. The Army (Annual) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Sections six and seven.

Section nine, subsection (2).

Section ten, subsection (1), paragraph (c),

and subsection (2), paragraph (b) from

" the words ‘ not’" to " repealed, and, "

and subsection (5).

First Schedule.

Parts I and II of the Third Schedule so far

as modifying sections fifty-two, sixty-four

to sixty-eight, one hundred and thirty-one

and one hundred and thirty-three of the

Army Act, and Part III of the same

schedule.

c. 6. The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1907.

c. 9. The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (6).

Section thirty-two, subsection (3).

c. 10. The Employment of Women Act, 1907.

c. 13. The Finance Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one to three.

Sections six, eleven, eighteen and twenty-

nine.

Section thirty, subsection (1), and subsection

(2) from " Part V " to the end of the subsection.

Third Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

527

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

7 Edw. 7.:

c. 17. The Probation of Offenders Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, paragraph (4) from " the

Secretary for Scotland " to " the Secretary

of State."

Section ten, except the short title.

Schedule.

c. 19. The Prisons (Ireland) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

c. 20. The Appropriation Act, 1907.

c. 21. The Butter and Margarine Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3) from " Provided

that."

Section two, subsection (5).

Section fourteen, subsection (2).

c. 23. The Criminal Appeal Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), the word "eight, "

and from " appointed " to " in each case."

Section two, from " shall be appointed " to

" Division and, " and from " The senior

Master " to the end of the section.

Section twenty-two.

Section twenty-three, subsection (3).

Schedule.

c. 24. The Limited Partnerships Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

Section four, subsection (1) the words" From

and after the commencement of this Act."

c. 26. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1907.

c. 27. The Advertisements Regulation Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —•

Section six, paragraph (1).

528

Ch. 42.

Stahite Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

7 Edw. 7.:

c. 29.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section ninety-eight, subsection (1) to " Provided that."

Section ninety-nine, except the short title.

Second Schedule.

c. 31.

The Vaccination Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

Section three, subsection (1).

c. 33.

The Qualification of Women (County and Borough

Councils) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 34.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1907.

c. 36.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Sections one and two.

Sections four and five.

Section eight from " and the words."

Section nine.

First and Second Schedules.

c. 39.

The Factory and Workshop Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, subsections (2) and (3).

c. 41.

The Whale Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section nine, subsection (1), from " and

shall."

c. 42.

The Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Application of

Penalties Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section one to " hundred and eight."

c. 43.

The Education (Administrative Provisions) Act,

1907.

In part, namely, —

Section sixteen, subsection (1) to " provided

that, " and subsections (4) and (5).

Section seventeen, subsection (1).

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

529

Reign and Chapter. ] Short Title.

7 Edw. 7.:

c. 44. The Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act,

1907.

c. 45. The Lights on Vehicles Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section nine.

c. 48. The Qualification of Women (County and Town

Councils) (Scotland) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

In section two the words "and provost."

c. 49. The Vaccination (Scotland) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (6).

c. 61. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

Section twenty-two to " passing of this Act ".

Section forty-four to " enacted that."

Section fifty-two.

Second Schedule.

c. 53. The Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (5).

c. 55. The London Cab and Stage Carriage Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (5).

Section six, subsection (2), from " and section " to the end of the subsection.

c. 56. The Evicted Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1907.

In part, namely, —

Sections one, two, four and five.

Sections seven to ten.

Sections thirteen and fifteen.

Section sixteen, subsection (2).

Section nineteen.

8 Edw. 7.:

c. 1. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1908.

LI

530

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

8 Edw. 7.:

c. 2. The Army (Annual) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Schedule.

c. 3. The Prosecution of Offences Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), to " this Act

and."

Section two, subsections (2) and (5).

Section three, subsection (1).

Schedule.

c. 8. The Post Office Savings Bank Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 9. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1908.

c. 15. The Costs in Criminal Cases Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section ten, subsection (1), to " Provided

that, " and subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 16. The Finance Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one, two, five and seven.

Section ten, subsection (1), from " Part II."

to " 1891."

Schedule.

c. 18. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1908.

c. 19. The Seed Potatoes and Seed Oats Supply (Ireland)

Act, 1908.

c. 20. The University of Durham Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Sections one and two.

Section five.

c. 22.

The Evicted Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1908.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

531

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 Edw. 7.:

c. 23.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to five.

Schedule.

c. 26.

The Naval Marriages Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section six, except the short title.

c. 30.

The Appropriation Act, 1908.

c. 31.

The Whale Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section ten, subsection (1), from " and shall "

to " and nine."

c. 32.

The Friendly Societies Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (1), from " and

accordingly " to the end of the subsection.

Section fourteen, subsection (2).

c. 34.

The Bee Pest Prevention (Ireland) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section eight from " Section one."

Section thirteen, from " and shall " to the

end of the section.

c. 36.

The Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section sixty-two, to " Provided that."

Section sixty-three, subsection (2).

Third Schedule.

c. 37.

The Coroners (Ireland) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

Schedule.

c. 38.

The Irish Universities Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2).

Section six.

Section twenty-one, except the short title.

Second Schedule.

Fourth Schedule.

LI 2

532

Ch. 42. Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 Edw. 7.:

c. 39.

The Endowed Schools (Masters) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

c. 40.

The Old Age Pensions Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve, except the short title.

c. 41.

The Assizes and Quarter Sessions Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Title, the words "Assizes and " wherever

occurring, and from " and to amend."

In section four, after the words "sessions is

held, " the word "and."

c. 42.

The White Phosphorus Matches Prohibition Act,

1908.

In part, namely, —

Section two, from " but this provision " to

the end of the section.

Section five, subsection (1), except the short

title.

c. 45.

The Punishment of Incest Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, except the short title.

c. 46.

The Criminal Appeal (Amendment) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section one, to " Act, 1907."

Section two, subsection (1) to " of this Act."

c. 47.

The Lunacy Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section one, the words "and subsection (2)

of the said section shall be repealed."

c. 48.

The Post Office Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section ninety-two, to " Provided that."

Section ninety-three.

Second Schedule.

c. 49.

The Statute Law Revision Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

533

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 Edw. 7.:

c. 50.

The Crofters Common Grazings Regulation Act,

1908.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

Schedule.

c. 51.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Title, from " and the Court."

c. 53.

The Law of Distress Amendment Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section seven.

Section eight from " as from the commencement."

c. 55.

The Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, except the short title.

c. 56.

The Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-four.

c 57.

The Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, subsection (2).

c. 58.

The Local Registration of Title (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1908.

c. 59.

The Prevention of Crime Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section nineteen, except the short title.

c. 60.

The Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1908.

c. 61.

The Housing of the Working Classes (Ireland) Act,

1908.

In part, namely, —

Sections four and five.

Section six, subsection (3).

Section fourteen, paragraph (a).

Section seventeen.

534 Ch. 42. Statute Law Revision 17 & IS Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

8 Edw. 7.:

c. 62. The Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section six, subsection (1).

Sections twelve and eighteen.

Section thirty-one to " schedule and."

Schedule.

c. 63. The Education (Scotland) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-six to " effect but."

Sections thirty-five and thirty-six.

Third Schedule.

o. 65. The Summary Jurisdiction (Scotland) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section one, except the short title.

Section three.

Schedule A.

c. 67. The Children Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (6).

Section thirty-eight, subsection (3).

Section ninety-two.

Section one hundred and eleven, subsection (6).

Sections one hundred and twelve and one

hundred and thirteen.

Section one hundred and thirty-two, subsection (1) from " but this substitution."

Section one hundred and thirty-four, except

the short title.

Third Schedule.

c. 69. The Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908.

In part, namely, —

Section one hundred and four, subsection (5),

paragraph (a).

Section two hundred and eighty-six, to

" Provided that."

Section two hundred and eighty-seven.

Sixth Schedule, Part I.

9 Edw. 7.:

c. 1. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1909.

c. 2. The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1909.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

535

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 Edw. 7.:

c. 3.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Section five, subsection (1).

Section nine, subsection (1).

Section ten, subsection (2), from " and the

words " to the end of the subsection, and

subsection (3).

First Schedule.

Part II. of the Second Schedule so far as

modifying sections fifty-nine, sixty-four and

sixty-seven of the Army Act.

c. 5.

The Appropriation Act, 1909.

c. 6.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1909.

c. 7.

The Labour Exchanges Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (4), from " after the "

to " this Act."

c. 8.

The Trawling in Prohibited Areas Prevention Act,

1909.

In part, namely, —

Section one to " passing of this Act."

c. 21.

The Irish Handloom Weavers Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section four, except the short title.

c. 22.

The Trade Boards Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-two, subsection (2).

c. 23.

The Board of Trade Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), to " repealed

and, " and subsection (2).

c. 25.

The Fisheries (Ireland) Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

Schedule.

536 Ch. 42. Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

.Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 Edw. 7.:

c. 30.

The Cinematograph Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, paragraph (1).

Section ten, except the short title.

c. 31

The Weeds and Agricultural Seeds (Ireland) Act,

1909.

In part, namely, —

Section ten, from " and shall " to " and ten."

c. 34.

The Electric Lighting Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section fourteen, subsection (2).

c. 35.

The Police (Liverpool Inquiry) Act, 1909.

c. 39.

The Oaths Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (1).

c. 40.

The Police Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2).

c. 41.

The Naval Discipline Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section three, except the short title.

c. 42.

The Irish Land Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section six, subsection (3).

Section sixteen.

Section twenty, subsection (1) from " and the

consent."

Section twenty-nine, subsection (3).

Section thirty-eight, subsection (5).

Section sixty-seven.

Section seventy.

Second Schedule.

c. 43.

The Revenue Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

Section four, subsection (1).

Section seven.

Section eleven, subsection (2).

Section twelve, subsection (2).

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

537

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 Edw. 7.:

c. 44.

The Housing, Town Planning, &c. Act. 1909.

In part, namely, —

Title from " to amend " to " schemes and."

Section sixty-nine, subsection (4), the words

" clerk or."

c. 45.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section one.

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 46.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1909.

c. 47.

The Development and Road Improvement Funds

Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), paragraphs (6)

and (/) and the words as to light railways

in paragraph (d).

Section nineteen, subsection (1), proviso (a).

c. 48.

The Asylum Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty, subsection (1), to " this

qualification that."

Schedule.

c. 49.

The Assurance Companies Act, 1909.

In part, namely, —

Section thirty-seven, to " Provided that."

Section thirty-eight, except the short title.

Ninth Schedule.

10 Edw. 7. &

1 Geo. 5.:

c. 1.

The Treasury (Temporary Borrowing) Act, 1910.

c. 2.

The War Loan (Redemption) Act, 1910.

c. 4.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1910.

c. 6.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Section four, from " and subsection (4) " to

the end of the section.

Schedule.

538

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

The Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section forty-two, paragraph (4).

Section forty-eight, subsection (1), from " in

the month of July " to " ten and, " and

the word " subsequent "; subsection (3)

from " the first day of September " to

" ten and " and the word "subsequent ";

and subsection (4) from " the first day of

September " to " ten and, " and the word

" subsequent."

Section fifty-one, subsection (2).

Sections fifty-three, sixty-five and eighty.

Section eighty-three, subsections (1), (2) to

" Scotland and, " and (3).

Section ninety-five.

Section ninety-six, subsections (1) and (4).

Fourth and Sixth Schedules.

c. 9. The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1910.

o. 11. The Census (Ireland) Act, 1910.

e. 13. The Police (Weekly Rest Day) Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) from " as respects " to " in force, " and subsection (2).

c. 14. The Appropriation Act, 1910.

c. 15. The Mines Accidents (Rescue and Aid) Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (6) from " section

thirty-three " to " 1887 and."

Section three, subsection (1) from " the Coal

Mines " to " 1908 or."

c. 16. The Duke of York’s School (Chapel) Act, 1910.

c. 17. The County Common Juries Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1).

10 Edw. 7. &

1 Geo. 5.:

c. 8.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

539

Reign and Chapter. |

[Short Title.]

10 Edw. 7. &

1 Geo. 5.:

c. 18.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Acc, 1910.

In part, namely, —•

Section one.

c. 19.

1

The Municipal Corporations Amendment

1910.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

Act,

c. 20.

The Diseases of Animals Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —-

Section eight, subsection (1).

c. 21.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to four.

Schedule.

c. 24.

The Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Section thirty-six, paragraph (1) from

" being persons " to " seventy-two."

Section one hundred and twelve, to " Provided that."

Section one hundred and thirteen, subsection

(2).

Seventh Schedule.

c. 26.

The Regency Act, 1910.

c. 27.

The Census (Great Britain) Act, 1910.

c. 31.

The Jury Trials Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Section one.

c. 32.

The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages

(Scotland) Amendment Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

540

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 Edw. 7. &

1 Geo. 5.:

c. 35.

The Finance Act, 1910.

In part, namely, —

Title from " to grant " to " duties and ", and

from " and the National."

[Preamble.]

Section one.

Section two, from " and the words " to the

end of the section.

Section three.

Section four.

Section five, subsection (1) from " so far as

it relates to duties of Customs " to " that

Act and, " and from " Part II. of."

c. 36.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1910.

c. 38.

The Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1910.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.:

c. 1.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1911.

c. 2.

The Revenue Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, subsection (3) from " and that

subsection, " and subsection (4).

Section nine.

Section sixteen from " but not beyond."

Section nineteen.

Section twenty, subsection (1) and the third

paragraph of subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 3.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections t.wo and three.

Schedule.

c. 5.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1911.

c. 6.

The Perjury Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section seventeen.

Section nineteen, except the short title.

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

541

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 & 2 Geo. 5.:

c. 14.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1911.

c. 15.

The Appropriation Act, 1911.

c. 16.

The Old Age Pensions Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (1), paragraph (c)

from " in a case " to " fifty pounds."

Section nine, subsection (1).

Schedule.

c. 17.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to three.

Schedule.

c. 19.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —•

Section three.

Section six, subsection (3).

c. 20.

The Geneva Convention Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3).

c. 22.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1911.

c. 23.

The National Gallery and St. James’s Park Act,

1911.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 21.

The Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act,

1911.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve, subsection (2), except proviso

(a).

Schedule.

c. 26.

The Telephone Transfer Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section eight.

c. 27.

The Protection of Animals Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section eighteen.

Section nineteen, except the short title.

Second Schedule.

542

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 & 2 Geo. 5.:

o. 28.

The Official Secrets Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section thirteen, except the short title.

c. 29.

The Parsonages Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

c. 32.

The Education (Administrative Provisions) Act,

1911.

In part, namely, —

Section five, from " and those Acts."

c. 33.

The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2).

Section five, subsection (1) to " effect and."

Section seven.

Section eight, subsection (1).

Second Schedule.

c. 34.

The Railway Companies (Accounts and Returns)

Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, except the short title.

Second Schedule.

c. 35.

The Local Authorities (Ireland) (Qualification of

Women) Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2),

c. 37.

The Conveyancing Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, subsection (3).

Section fourteen.

c. 40.

The Lunacy Act, 1911.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 44.

The Military Manoeuvres Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section five from " and the words."

c. 45.

The Public Roads (Ireland) Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (2).

Section four, subsection (6).

Section Jive, subsection (2).

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

543

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.:

c. 46. The Copyright Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section thirty-six.

Second Schedule.

c. 48. The Finance Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section one.

Section six, subsection (3) from " except

that " to the end of the subsection.

Section fourteen.

Section sixteen, subsection (2) so far as unrepealed.

Section twenty-two, subsection (1); and the

third paragraph of subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 49. The Small Landholders (Scotland) Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section sixteen, subsection (2) to " provided

that ".

Section twenty-four, subsection (4) from

" The words not being ".

Section thirty.

Section thirty-eight.

Section thirty-nine, to " Provided that ".

Second Schedule.

c. 50. The Coal Mines Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (1), to "and

thirteen ".

Section fifteen, subsection (1), from "after

the first day " to " and thirteen

Section thirty-one, subsection (3) to "inspector of the division ".

Section thirty-three from " after the first "

to " and thirteen ",

Section forty, subsection (2) from " and shall

come

Section forty-three, subsection (1) to "and

fourteen ", and subsection (3) from " The

provisions of this ".

Section fifty-seven, subsection (3), to " date

and ".

Section ninety-one from " Nothing in this

section ".

544

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1 & 2 Geo. 5.:

c. 50.

The Coal Mines Act, 1911— cant.

Section one hundred and twenty-three, paragraph (a).

Section one hundred and twenty-six, to

" Provided that, " and paragraphs (b)

and (c).

Section one hundred and twenty-seven, subsection (2).

Fourth Schedule.

c. 51.

The Burgh Police (Scotland) Amendment Act,

1911.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section one, subsection (3).

Section four.

c. 52.

The Rag Flock Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —■

Section two, except the short title.

c. 53.

The House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Act,

1911.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, subsection (7), the words

" subsection (6) of section nine of the

Representation of the People Act, 1884, "

and the words "and three hundred and

forty-six."

Section eleven, the words "from and after

the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred

and twelve."

c. 55.

The National Insurance Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section seventy-two, subsection (5).

c. 56.

The Telephone Transfer Amendment Act, 1911.

c. 57.

The Maritime Conventions Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section four, subsection (1).

Section nine, subsection (2).

c. 58.

The Resident Magistrates (Belfast) Act, 1911.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (5).

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

545

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

2 & 3 Geo. 5.:

c. 1.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1912.

c. 3.

The Shops Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty from " The Secretary for

Scotland " to " Secretary of State."

Section twenty-two, subsection (2), and subsection (3) to " Provided that."

c. 4.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

Section one, except proviso (a).

c. 5.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two, three, five, six and seven.

Schedule.

c. 7.

The Appropriation Act, 1912.

c. 8.

The Finance Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one and five.

Section nine from " and that paragraph."

Section twelve.

Section thirteen, subsection (1), from " Part

II".

c. 9.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1912.

c. 11.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1912.

c. 12.

The Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation)

Act, 1912.

In part, namely—

Section one, subsection (1) from " and in the

same subsection."

Section three from " provided that."

c. 13.

The London Institution (Transfer) Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (1).

Section four.

Schedule.

Mm

546

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

2 & 3 Geo. 5.:

c. 14.

The Protection of Animals (Scotland) Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

Section fifteen.

Section sixteen, subsections (1) and (2).

Second Schedule.

c. 15.

The Marriages in Japan (Validity) Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 16.

The Royal Scottish Museum (Extension) Act, 1912.

c. 18.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1912.

c, 20.

The Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1912.

In part, namely, —

Section eight.

c. 23.

The Clerks of Session (Scotland) Regulation Act,

1913.

In part, namely, —

Section one to " principal clerk of Session

and."

c. 25.

The Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland) Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3).

Section two, subsection (2).

Section six, subsection (1).

Schedule.

c. 27.

The Appropriation (1912-3) Act, 1913.

c. 28.

The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Sections one and five.

Section seven, from " shall come " to " thirteen and."

c. 31.

The Pilotage Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Sections three to five.

Section fifteen, subsections (2) and (3).

Section fifty-nine, to " Provided that."

Section sixty, to " Provided that."

Second Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

547

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

3 & 4 Geo. 5.:

c. 1.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1913.

c. 2.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Sections five and six.

. First and Second Schedules.

c. 3.

The Provisional Collection of Taxes Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 5

The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1913.

c. 7.

The Children (Employment Abroad) Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section five, subsection (2).

c. 15.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1913.

c. 17.

The Fabrics (Misdescription) Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, paragraph (1).

Section nine, except the short title.

c. 18.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1913.

c. 20.

The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Sections one hundred and ninety-one and one

hundred and ninety-two.

Schedule I.

c. 21.

The Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Title, the words "Court of Appeal and the."

Section three, subsection (4), from " The

enactments " to " schedule and."

Schedule.

c. 22.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1913.

c. 27.

The Forgery Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty.

Section twenty-two, except the short title.

Schedule.

Mm2

548

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

3 & 4 Geo. 5.:

c. 28.

The Mental Deficiency Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-two, subsection (9).

Section twenty-five, subsection (1), paragraph

(f), the word "to."

Section sixty-five, subsections (2) and (3).

Section sixty-seven, subsection (1).

Section seventy-two, subsection (3).

c. 30.

The Finance Act, 1913.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 31.

The Industrial and Provident Societies (Amendment)

Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section seven.

Section twelve, from " and shall come " to the

end of the section.

Schedule.

c. 32.

The Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-four, to " Provided that."

Second Schedule.

c. 33.

The Temperance (Scotland) Act, 1913.

In part, namely, —

Sections one and six.

Section eight, subsection (6).

Section nine, subsection (4).

Section ten, subsection (2).

Section eleven, subsection (2).

Section twelve, subsection (3).

Section thirteen, subsection (2).

c. 34.

The Bankruptcy and Deeds of Arrangement Act,

1913.

In part, namely, —

Section forty-two, subsection (2).

c. 35.

The Appropriation Act, 1913.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

549

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

3 & 4 Geo. 5.:

c. 38.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act,

1913.

In part, namely, —

La section twenty-two, subsection (1), section

twenty-three, subsection (1), section sixty-

four, subsection (1) and section sixty-five,

subsection (1), the words "As from the

" fifteenth day of May in the year nine-

" teen hundred and fourteen."

Section sixty-six.

Section seventy-nine.

Section eighty, subsection (3).

Schedule.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.:

c. 1.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1914.

c. 2.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Schedule.

c. 3.

The Grey Seals Protection Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

c. 6.

The Affiliation Orders Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsections (4) and (5).

c. 10.

The Finance Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Title from " to continue" to " modifications

and " and the words "and the National

Debt."

[Preamble.]

Sections one and two.

Section seventeen.

Section eighteen, to " as the Income Tax

Acts ".

Second Schedule.

c. 11.

The Postponement of Payments Act, 1914.

o. 13.

The Prize Courts (Procedure) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), to "provided

that, " and subsection (2).

Schedule.

550

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

4 & 5 Geo. 5.:

c. 14.

The Currency and Bank Notes Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (6).

Section four.

c. 15.

The Exportation of Horses Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 17.

The British Nationality and Status of Aliens Act,

1914.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (2).

Section nineteen, subsection (3).

Section twenty-eight, except the short title.

Third Schedule.

c. 18.

The Patents and Designs Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 19.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1914.

c. 23.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1914.

o. 24.

The Appropriation Act, 1914.

c. 27.

The Patents, Designs and Trade Marks (Temporary

Rules) Act, 1914.

c. 32.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 33.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1914.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 37.

The Anglo-Persian Oil Company (Acquisition of

Capital) Act, 1914.

c. 42.

The Merchant Shipping (Certificates) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3; .

I

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

551

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

4 & 5 Geo. 5.:

c. 40.

The Milk and Dairies (Scotland) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, from " and shall come."

Section seven, subsection (11).

Section thirty-one, subsection (1) to

" schedule and ", and subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 47.

The Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-six, subsection (2).

Section thirty-one, subsections (1), (2)

and (3).

Section thirty-two, subsection (3).

Schedule.

e. 48.

The Feudal Casualties (Scotland) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-four.

Schedule E.

c. 52.

The Housing (No. 2) Act, 1914.

c. 54.

The Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (3).

Section seven.

Section eight, except the short title.

Fourth Schedule.

o. 58.

The Criminal Justice Administration Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section ten, subsection (6).

Section fifteen, subsection (2).

Section forty-two, paragraph (1) to " Secretary

of State " and paragraph (8) from " from

and after " to " for Scotland."

Section forty four, except the short title.

Fourth Schedule.

o. 59.

The Bankruptcy Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one hundred and sixty-eight, subsections (1) and (2).

Section one hundred and sixty-nine, subsection (3).

Sixth Schedule.

552

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

4 & 5 Geo. 5.:

c. 60.

The War Loan Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 61.

The Special Constables Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), the words "during

the present war or a period of twelve

months after the termination thereof, "

and paragraph (d) of the same subsection.

c. 62.

The Isle of Man (War Legislation) Act, 1914.

c. 65.

The Articles of Commerce (Returns, &c.) Act, 1914.

c. 66.

The Elementary School Teachers (War Service

Superannuation) Act, 1914.

c. 67.

The Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1914.

c. 69.

The Police (Scotland) (Limit of Age) Act, 1914.

c. 71.

The Housing (No. 2) (Amendment) Act, 1914.

c. 73.

The Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Temporary

Rules (Amendment) Act, 1914.

c. 78.

The Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1914.

The whole Act, except as to orders made by

any court before August 31, 1922.

c. 79.

The Prize Courts (Egypt, Zanzibar and Cyprus)

Act, 1914.

c. 81.

The National Insurance (Navy and Army) Act,

1914.

c. 82.

The Bills of Exchange Act, 1914.

o. 85.

The Rates (Proceedings for Recovery) Act, 1914.

c. 86.

The Superannuation Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Sections five and six.

e. 88.

The Suspensory Act, 1914.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

553

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.:

c. 91. The Welsh Church Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one from " after the expiration " to

" twelve months after the passing of this Act."

Section nine, subsection (1), from " but any

parishioner " to the end of the subsection.

Section eighteen to " shall have effect."

Section twenty-one.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.:

c. 3. The House of Commons (Commissions in His

Majesty’s Forces) Act, 1914.

c. 5. The Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Amendment Act,

1914.

c. 6. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1914.

c. 7. The Finance Act, 1914 (Session 2).

In part, namely, —

Title, the words "and the National Debt."

[Preamble.]

Sections one, five, nine, twelve, fifteen and

sixteen.

Section seventeen, subsection (1), the second

paragraph.

c. 8. The Defence of the Realm Consolidation Act, 1914.

c. 9. The Criminal Justice Administration (Postponement)

Act, 1914.

c. 10. The Local Authorities (Disqualification Relief) Act,

1914.

c. 13. The Execution of Trusts (War Facilities) Act, 1914.

c. 14. The Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1914.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) (as amended by

any other Act) the words "for any purpose

in connexion with the present war, or "

and subsection (2) the words from " subsequent to " to " and fourteen."

c. 13. The National Insurance (Navy and Army) Act, 1914

(Session 2).

554

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.:

c. 16. The Royal Marines Act, 1914.

c. 17. The Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1914.

c. 19. The Courts (Emergency Powers) (Ireland) Act,

1914.

The whole Act, except as to orders made by any

court before August 31, 1922.

c. 20. The Law Agents Apprenticeship (War Service)

(Scotland) Act, 1914.

o. 21. The British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1915.

c. 22. The Universities and Colleges (Emergency Powers)

Act, 1915.

c. 25. The Army (Annual) Act, 1915.

c. 26. The Army (Amendment) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

Section two, subsections (1) and (3).

c. 28. The Naval Medical Compassionate Fund Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section one, subsection (3).

Schedule.

c. 31. The Customs (War Powers) Act, 1915.

c. 32. The Irish Police (Naval and Military Service) Act,

1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (7).

c. 33. The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1915.

c. 34. The Defence of the Realm (Amendment) Act, 1915.

c. 35. The Naval Marriages Act, 1915.

c. 36. The Legal Proceedings against Enemies Act, 1915.

c. 37. The Defence of the Realm (Amendment), No. 2,

I Act, 1915.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42,

555

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

5 & 6 Geo. 5.:

c. 41.

The Police (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Sections two and throe.

c. 43.

The Army (Transfers) Act, 1915.

c. 45.

The British North America Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 46.

The Immature Spirits (Restriction) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), paragraph (c).

c. 47.

The Special Constables (Scotland) Act, 1915.

c. 48.

The Fishery Harbours Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (2), paragraph (6).

Section four, subsection (3).

c. 50.

The Re-election of Ministers Act, 1915.

3. 51.

The Ministry of Munitions Act, 1915.

c. 52.

The Customs (Exportation Restriction) Act, 1915.

c. 53.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1915.

c. 54.

The Munitions of War Act, 1915.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 55.

The War Loan Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 57.

The Prize Courts Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), the words

" against any ship or cargo, " and from " or

the proceedings " where first occurring to

" any part thereof, " and from " or the

proceedings " where secondly occurring to

" any part of the cargo."

Section four, subsection (2).

556

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter, j

[Short Title.]

5 & 6 Geo. 5.:

c. 58.

The Army (Amendment) No. 2 Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

Section four, from " where the soldier is a

warrant officer (Gass I)."

Section seven.

c. 60.

The National Registration Act, 1915.

o. 61.

The Government of India Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one hundred and thirty to " Provided that."

Fourth Schedule.

c. 62.

The Finance Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one, two, six, seven, ten, twenty-

four and twenty-six.

Section twenty-eight from " Part II " to

" Income Tax Acts."

Schedule, except Part HI.

c. 63.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1915.

c. 64.

The Notification of Births (Extension) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 65.

The Maintenance of Live Stock Act, 1915.

c. 66.

The Milk and Dairies (Consolidation) Act, 1915.

Li part, namely, —

Section sixteen, the words "the Milk and

Dairies Act, 1914, or."

Section twenty-one, subsection (1) except the

short title, and subsection (3) to " Schedule

and."

Fourth Schedule.

c 67.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1915.

c. 68.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1915.

c. 69.

The Cotton Associations (Emergency Action) Act,

1915.

1927.

Statute Law Revision Ch. 42.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

5 & 6 Geo. 6-:

c. 70.

The Execution of Trusts (War Facilities) Amendment Act, 1915.

c. 71.

The Customs (War Powers) (No. 2) Act, 1915.

c. 72.

The Special Acts (Extension of Time) Act, 1915.

c. 74.

The Police Magistrates (Superannuation) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (7), from " and any

person appointed " to " provisions of this Act."

c. 76.

The Elections and Registration Act, 1915.

c- 77.

The Appropriation Act, 1915.

c. 78.

The Scottish Universities (Emergency Powers) Act,

1915.

c. 80.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1915.

c. 82.

The Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, paragraph (c), from " but rates

for press " to the end of the section.

Section two, subsection (1).

c. 83.

The Naval and Military War Pensions, &c.. Act,

1915.

In part, namely, —

Section two, so far as unrepealed.

Section three, subsections (2) and (6).

Section four.

c. 84.

The Clubs (Temporary Provisions) Act, 1915.

c. 85.

The Patents and Designs Act (Partial Suspension)

Act, 1915.

c. 86.

The Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1915.

c. 87.

The Indian Civil Service (Temporary Provisions)

Act, 1915.

557

558

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

.Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

5 & 6 Geo. 5.:

c. 89.

The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one, eight and nine.

Section eleven, subsection (2).

Section fifteen, subsection (2).

Sections seventeen, eighteen and twenty.

Section forty-seven.

Section fifty-one, subsection (1) from

" Part II " to " Income Tax Acts " and

subsection (2).

First Schedule, Parts I and II.

Second, Third and Fifth Schedules.

c. 90.

The Indictments Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section nine, subsections (1) and (4).

Second Schedule.

c. 91.

The Midwives (Scotland) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) to "and seventeen."

Section three from "On the first day of

February " to " twenty-one and " and the

word " thereafter

Section twenty-nine from " It shall " to the

end of the section.

c. 93.

The War Loan (Supplemental Provisions) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section seven.

Section eight, subsection (5).

c. 94.

The Evidence (Amendment) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to four.

Section five so far as it relates to the Secretary for Scotland.

c. 96.

The Government War Obligations Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3), paragraphs (e) (f)

and (g).

Section two.

c. 99.

The Munitions of War (Amendment) Act, 1916.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

559

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

H & 6 Geo. 5.:

c. 100.

e. 101.

c. 102.

c. 104.

0 & 7 Geo. 5.:

c. 1

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 5.

e. 6.

o. 7.

c. 9.

c. 11.

The Parliament and Registration Act, 1916.

The Naval Forces (Service on Shore) Act, 1916.

The Customs (War Powers) Act, 1916.

The Military Service Act, 1916.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1916.

The Naval Prize (Procedure) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1916.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1916.

The War Risks (Insurance by Trustees) Act, 1916.

The Marriage (Scotland) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —-

Title from " and to amend ".

Section four.

The Pacific Islands Regulations (Validation) Act,

1916.

In part, namely, —■

[Preamble.]

The Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Title, the words "and cider ".

[Preamble.]

Section one, subsection (1), the words "as

from the fifteenth day of May, nineteen

hundred and sixteen ".

Section three, subsection (2), the words "as

from the fifth day of April, nineteen

hundred and sixteen ".

Section four, so far as it relates to sweetened

and fermented table waters, and in subsection (1) the worls "as from the first

day of May, ninel ‘on hundred and sixteen ".

560

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.:

c. 12. The Local Government (Emergency Provisions) Act,

1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one save in so far as it operates in

Northern Ireland by virtue of the Local

Government (War Service Payments) Act

(Northern Ireland), 1926.

Section four.

Section five, paragraph (a).

Sections eight, ten and eleven.

Section thirteen, subsections (4) to (6).

Sections fifteen, seventeen, nineteen and

twenty.

Section twenty-four, subsection (2).

c. 13. The Courts (Emergency Powers) (Amendment) Act,

1916.

The whole Act, except as to orders made thereunder by any court before August 31, 1922.

c. 14. The Summer Time Act, 1916.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 15. The Military Service Act, 1910 (Session 2).

c. 16. The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1916.

c. 17. The Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act,

1916.

c. IS. The Courts (Emergency Powers) (No. 2) Act, 1916.

The whole Act, except as to orders made thereunder by any court before August 31, 1922.

c. 19. The British North America Act, 1916.

c. 22. The Re-election of Ministers Act, 1916.

c. 23. The Royal Marines Act, 1916.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

561

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.:

c. 24. The Finance Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one to six.

Section seven, subsection (1) as to sweetened

and fermented table waters, and the words

"as from the first day of May, nineteen

hundred and sixteen."

Sections seventeen and eighteen.

Sections twenty-three and twenty-four.

Section forty-four, subsection (1).

Section fifty-nine.

Sections sixty-two and sixty-eight.

Section sixty-nine, subsection (1) from " Part

II of this Act " to " Income Tax Acts",

and subsection (2).

First and Second Schedules.

c. 26. The Output of Beer (Restriction) Act, 1916.

o. 27. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1916.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 28. The Public Works Loans Act, 1916.

c. 29. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1916.

c. 30. The Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1916.

c. 31. The Police, Factories, &c. (Miscellaneous Provisions)

Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

Section eight, subsection (2).

Section twelve from "the words adjudged"

to " repealed and."

Schedule.

c. 33. The Army (Courts of Inquiry) Act, 1916.

c. 34. The Special Commissions (Dardanelles and Mesopotamia) Act, 1916.

c. 36. The Finance (Exchequer Bonds) Amendment Act,

1916.

Nn

562

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

6 & 7 Geo. 5.:

c. 37.

The Government of India (Amendment) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, subsections (2) and (3).

Section eight, except the short title.

Second Schedule.

c. 39.

The Anglo-Portuguese Commercial Treaty Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 40.

The Telegraph (Construction) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section five, subsection (3).

Schedule.

c. 42.

The British Ships (Transfer Restriction) Act, 1916.

c. 43.

The War Charities Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

Section twelve, subsection (2) from " Provided that."

c. 44.

The Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1916.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 45.

The Time (Ireland) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one, except the words "the time for

general purposes in Ireland shall be the

same as the time for general purposes in

Great Britain."

Schedule.

c. 46.

The Law and Procedure (Emergency Provisions)

(Ireland) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (5), except as to

orders made by any court before August,

1922.

c. 48.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 5) Act, 1916.

c. 50.

The Larceny Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section forty-eight.

Section fifty, except the short title.

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

563

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

6 & 7 Geo. 5.:

c. 51. The " Anzac " (Restriction on Trade Use of Word)

Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), the words "As

from the commencement of this Act."

Section two, except the short title.

c. 52. The Trading with the Enemy and Export of Prohibited Goods Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (a).

c. 53. The National Insurance (Temporary Employment

in Agriculture) Act, 1916.

c. 54. The Friendly Societies Act, 1916.

c. 55. The Local Government Emergency Provisions

(No. 2) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 56. The Re-election of Ministers (No. 2) Act, 1916.

c. 57. The Output of Beer (Restriction) Amendment

Act, 1916.

c. 58. The Registration of Business Names Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section sixteen to " by order direct."

Section eighteen to " passing of this Act."

c. 59. The Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

Section four, except the short title.

Third Schedule.

c. 62. The Volunteer Act, 1916.

c. 63. The Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land)

Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Sections one and two.

Section three, except subsection (7).

Section seven.

Section thirteen, subsections (1), (2), (4), (5)

and (6).

Schedule.

Nn 2

504

Ch. 42.

Statute Laiv Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

6 & 7 Geo. 5.:

c. 65.

The Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section four.

Section seven, subsection (2).

Section eight, subsection (2), from " Provided that."

c. 67.

The War Loan Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 68.

The New Ministries and Secretaries Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Sections three to nine.

Section ten, subsection (2), from " and also "

to " Minister of Blockade."

Section eleven, subsection (1), from " in the

case of the Minister of Food " to " the Air

Board " where secondly occurring.

Section thirteen.

Schedule from " National Insurance " to

" War Act, 1915."

c. C9.

The Public Authorities and Bodies (Loans) Act,

1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) and subsection (3)

from " and the limitation on."

Section two, subsection (2) the definition of

" sinking fund money."

c. 70.

The Government War Obligations Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3).

Section two.

c. 71.

The Appropriation Act, 1916.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.:

c. 1.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1917.

c. 2.

The Census of Production Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1).

c. 3.

The Railway Passenger Duty Act, 1917.

c. 4.

The Grand Juries (Suspension) Act, 1917.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

505

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

7 & 8 Geo. 5 .i

c. 5.

The Ecclesiastical Services (Omission on account of

War) Act, 1917.

c. 6.

The Ministry of National Service Act, 1917.

c. 7.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1917.

c. 9.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Schedule.

c. 10.

The Army (Annual) Act (1916) Amendment Act,

1917.

c. 11.

The Naval Discipline (Delegation of Powers) Act,

1917.

c. 13.

The Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1917.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 14.

The Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Administrative Expenses) Act, 1917,

In part, namely, —

Sections three and four.

Section eight, subsection (1).

Section ten, subsection (3).

c. 16.

The Societies (Suspension of Meetings) Act, 1917.

c. 17.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1917.

c. 20.

The Billeting of Civilians Act, 1917.

c. 21.

The Venereal Disease Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —-

Section two, subjection (2), to "and seventeen."

c. 22.

The Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve Act, 1917.

c. 25.

The Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1917.

The whole Act, so far as unrepealed, except

as to orders of any court made thereunder

before Aug. 31, 1922, and except subsections

(2) and (3) of section one.

566

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & IB Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

i

7 & 8 Geo. 5.:

c. 26.

The Military Service (Conventions with Allied States)

Act, 1917.

c. 27.

The Confirmation of Executors (War Service)

(Scotland) Act, 1917.

c. 29.

The Wesleyan Methodists (Appointments during

the War) Act, 1917.

c. 30.

The Local Government (Allotments and Land

Cultivation) (Ireland) Act, 1917.

c. 31.

The Finance Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one, two, four, five, seven, eight and

ten.

Section thirty, subsections (2) ajnd (3).

Section thirty-one.

Section thirty-four, subsection (6).

Section thirty-eight, subsection (1) from

" Part II " to " Income Tax Acts."

First and Second Schedules.

1

c. 32.

1

The Public Works Loans Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to three.

Schedule.

c. 33.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 4) Act, 1917.

c. 35.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1917.

c. 36.

The Police Constables (Naval and Military Service)

Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (4).

c. 37.

The Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Transfer

of Powers) Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (1) from " Provided

that ".

Section fire, except the short title.

Schedule.

c. 38.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1917.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

56

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

7 & 8 Geo. 6 -:

c. 39.

The Fishery Harbours (Continuance of Powers)

Act, 1917.

c. 41.

The War Loan Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 43.

The Solicitors (Examination) Act, 1917.

c. 44.

The New Ministries Act, 1917.

c. 45.

The Munitions of War Act, 1917.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 49.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 5) Act, 1917.

c. 50.

The Parliament and Local Elections (No. 2) Act,

1917.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 51.

The Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

Section five.

Section eleven.

Section twelve, subsection (1), from " provided that " to the end of the subsection.

o. 52.

The Appropriation Act, 1917.

c. 54.

The Naval and Military War Pensions, &c. (Committees) Act, 1917.

c. 59.

The Midwives (Ireland) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) to " hundred and

nineteen " and subsection (2) to " hundred

and twenty-four."

Section two.

Section twenty-eight.

Section thirty, from " It shall " to the end of the section.

e. 00.

The National Registration (Amendment) Act, 1918.

e. 61.

The Metropolitan Police Act, 1918.

568 Ch. 42. Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.:

c. 64. The Representation of the People Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section five, subsection (4).

Section nine, subsection (2).

Section twenty, subsection (2).

Section thirty-nine.

Section forty-six.

Section forty-seven, except the short title.

First Schedule, Rule 36.

Eighth Schedule.

c. 65. The Redistribution of Seats (Ireland) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (1) from "and each

of those, " and subsection (2) from " and

each such."

Section four, subsection (1) the words "and

of the divisions thereof " and from " and

each of those, " and subsection (2).

Section five, subsection (1) and subsection (2)

from "of the application" to "to this Act."

Sections eight and nine.

Second Schedule, the third column of Part I.

Fourth Schedule as to Down and Tyrone,

except the first and second columns thereof.

Sixth Schedule.

c. 66. The Military Service Act, 1918.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.:

c. 1. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1918.

c. 5. The Military Service (No. 2) Act, 1918.

c. 6. The Army (Annual) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Sections six and seven.

Section ten.

Section twelve, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 9. The Defence of the Realm (Food Profits) Act, 1918.

c. 11. The Consolidated Fund (No. 21 Act, 1918.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

r>m

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Geo. 5.:

c. 12.

The Defence of the Realm (Beans, Peas and Pulse

Orders) Act, 1918.

c. 13.

The Horse Breeding Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

References to the appointed day wherever

they occur in sections one and twelve.

c. 15.

The Finance Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one to three.

Sections five and six.

Section seven, subsections (1), (2) and (4).

Sections eight to ten.

Section fifteen, subsection (6).

Sections seventeen and twenty-two.

Section thirty-six, subsection (3).

Section thirty seven.

Section forty-five, subsection (1) from

" Part II " to " Income Tax Acts ", and

subsection (2).

First Schedule except the Note.

Second Schedule, Parts I and II.

Third and Fourth Schedules.

c. 16.

The Solicitors (Articled Clerks) Act, 1918.

c. 17.

The Land Drainage Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section fourteen, from " and the principal

Act " to the end of the section.

Second Schedule, Part II.

c. 19.

The Deputy Lieutenants Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) to " passing of this Act, " and subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 20.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1918.

c. 21.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1918.

c. 22.

The Parliament and Local Elections Act, 1918.

c. 23.

The Juries Act, 1918.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5,

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Geo. 5.:

c. 25

The War Loan Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Section two, subsection (5), the words "and

to the Isle of Man."

c. 27.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to three.

Schedule.

c. 28.

The Government War Obligations Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 32.

The Trade Boards Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (6).

Section four, subsection (5).

Section thirteen, subsections (2) and (4).

Third Schedule.

c. 33.

The Asylums and Certified Institutions (Officers

Pensions) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 34.

The Statutory Undertakings (Temporary Increase

of Charges) Act, 1918.

In pare, namely, —

Section two to " Scotland and."

Section three, except the short title.

c. 33.

The Public Health (Borrowing Powers) (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3)-

c. 36.

The Corn Production (Amendment) Act, 1918.

The whole Act so far as unrepealed.

c. 37.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 3) Act, 1918.

c. 38.

The British Nationality and Status of Aliens Act,

1918.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (1) to " Crown and."

Section three, subsection (1).

1927.

Statute Law Revision, Ch. 42.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Geo. 5.:

c. 39.

The Education Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section fourteen, the words "unless lawfully so employed on the appointed day."

Section forty-two, subsection (3).

Section fifty-two, subsection (3).

c. 40.

The Income Tax Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section fifty-four.

Section two hundred and thirty-eight, to

" Provided that."

Seventh Schedule.

c. 41.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section one.

Section two.

Section three, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 43.

The Mid wives Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve, to " repealed."

Section sixteen, subsections (2) and (3).

Schedule.

c. 44.

The Special Commission (Belfast Prison) Act, 1918.

c. 48.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section eighteen, subsection (1) from "at

any time " to " under this Act ", and

subsection (5) from " Provided that."

Section twenty-one, subsection (2), paragraph (6).

Section twenty-four, subsection (4).

In the First Schedule the word "Leith."

In the Second Schedule paragraph 15.

As from the date whereon the Act has come

fully into operation, section thirty-two,

subsection (3), section thirty-three, subsection (2) and the Sixth Schedule.

e. 49.

The Affiliation Orders (Increase of Maximum

Payment) Act, 1918.

571

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Geo. 5.:

c. 50.

The Representation of the People (Amendment)

Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Title from " to extend " to " votes and."

c. 53.

The Constabulary and Police (Ireland) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section nine, except the short title.

c. 54.

The Tithe Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (4).

Section eleven, subsection (3).

Second Schedule.

c. 55.

The School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve, subsection (4), from " and the

following."

Section thirteen, subsection (3).

Section twenty, subsection (3).

c. 56.

The Appropriation Act, 1918.

c. 57.

The War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act,

1918.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to six.

Section nine, subsection (2), the words "and

other committees, " subsection (6) from

" or where " to " committee the committee " and the words "or the committee. "

and " or committee as the case may be."

Sections eleven to thirteen.

Sections fifteen and sixteen.

Section eighteen, subsection (2), the definitions of " prescribed " and " committee, "

and subsection (4).

Schedule.

c. 58.

The Defence of the Realm (Employment Exchanges)

Act, 1918.

c. 59.

The Termination of the Present War (Definition)

Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), from " Provided

that " to the end of the subsection.

i

1927.

Statute Law Revision Ch. 42.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Geo. 5.:

c. 60.

The Ministry of Munitions Act, 1918.

c. 61.

The Wages (Temporary Regulation) Act. 1918.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 1.

The Coal Industry Commission Act, 1919.

c. 2.

The Re-election of Ministers Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3).

c. 5.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1919.

c. 6.

The Civil Contingencies Fund Act, 1919.

c. 8.

The Representation of the People (Returning

Officers’ Expenses) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

In section two the words of commencement.

c. 9.

The Intestate Husband’s Estate (Scotland) Act,

1919.

In part, namely, —

Section five.

c. 10.

The Parliamentary Elections (Soldiers) Act, 1919.

c. 11.

The Army (Annual) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Section seven, from " In subsection (Ia) " to

" omitted ".

Section nine.

Section ten.

Section fourteen.

Section sixteen, subsection (1) from " Paragraphs (a) and (6) " to " omitted ", and

subsection (2).

Section eighteen, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 14.

The Criminal Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (6).

c. 15.

The Naval, Military and Air Force Service Act,

1919.

574

Ch. 42.

Statute Law decision 17 & 18 (4eo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 17.

The Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act,

1919.

In part, namely, —

Section ten.

Schedule.

c. 18.

The Wages (Temporary Regulation) Extension Act,

1919.

c. 19.

The Local Government (Ireland) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Sections two and six.

Section eleven.

Section twelve from " the expression " where

first occurring to " list of candidates ".

Schedule.

c. 20.

The Scottish Board of Health Act, 1919.

In part, namely, — •

Section eight, subsection (2), from " other

than an Order " to " any provision thereof."

Section nine, subsection (1), from " and shall

come", and subsection (3).

Second Schedule.

c. 21.

The Ministry of Health Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (2), paragraph (a).

Section eight, subsection (2), from " other

than " to " any provision thereof."

Section ten.

Section eleven, subsection (1) from " and shall

come, " and subsection (2).

Second Schedule.

c. 24.

The Law Agents Apprenticeship (War Service)

(Scotland) Act, 1919.

c. 25.

The Public Notaries (Articled Clerks) Act, 1919.

c. 27.

The Solicitors (Articled Clerks) Act, 1919.

c. 28.

The Matrimonial Causes (Dominions Troops) Act,

1919.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

575

11 eign and Chapter. Short Title.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 29. The Weights and Measures (Leather Measurement)

Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 31. The Statement of Rates Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) to "date hereinafter named."

Section four, subsection (2).

c. 32. The Finance Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one, two, four and five.

Section six, subsection (1) from " on and

after " to " nineteen."

Section eight, subsection (1) the words "on

and after the dates provided for in that

schedule."

Section nine.

Section ten, the words "or excise."

Section twelve.

Section thirteen from " and accordingly."

Sections fourteen and fifteen.

Section thirty-seven.

Section thirty-eight, subsection (3).

Second Schedule from " The preferential rates

shall be charged."

Fourth Schedule.

c. 34. The Anglo-French Treaty (Defence of France)

Act, 1919.

c. 35. The Housing, Town Planning, &c.. Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-three.

Section forty, the definition of "houses for

the working classes."

Section forty-nine, paragraphs (a), (b) and (c).

Section fifty.

Section fifty-two, subsection (3).

e. 37. The War Loan Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

570

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 38.

The Merchant Shipping (Wireless Telegraphy) Act,

1919.

In part, namely, —-

Section one, subsection (5), from " shall not

come " to " in force but."

Section two, from " as from a date " to the

words " United Kingdom " where first

occurring.

c. 39.

The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1919.

c. 42.

The Restoration of Pre-War Practices Act, 1919.

e. 43.

The Government of the Soudan Loan Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

c. 45.

The Housing (Ireland) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section five, subsection (3).

Section seventeen.

Section twenty-four.

Section thirty.

Section thirty-five, from " save as otherwise "

to " and shall."

Second Schedule.

c. 40.

The Police Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section thirteen, subsection (1) from " of

references to the Secretary " to " Secretary

of State, " and subsection (2), to " and

nineteen."

c. 47.

The West Indian Court of Appeal Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, except the short title.

c. 48.

The Coal Mines Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, paragraph (a), to " and nineteen."

Section two, subsection (2) from " unless and

until."

c. 49.

The Consolidated Fund (No. 2) Act, 1919.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Cxi. 42.

577

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 50.

The Ministry of Transport Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Sections four, twelve, sixteen, and eighteen.

Section twenty-seven, subsection (2).

Section twenty-nine, subsection (3) the words

" except as hereinafter provided " and the

words from " Provided that " to the end

of the subsection.

c. 51.

The Checkweighing in Various Industries Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section eight, except the short title.

c. 52.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1919.

c. 53.

The War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act.

1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

Sections four, five and six.

Section eight, subsection (4).

c. 50.

The Solicitors Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section eleven.

c. 57.

The Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve, subsection (1), except the

short title.

c. 5S.

The Forestry Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (4).

Section eleven, except the short title.

c. 59.

The Land Settlement (Facilities) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve, subsection (2).

Section thirteen, from " after the thirty-first "

to " twenty-six."

Section fourteen, subsections (2) and (5);

subsection (3) to " two years " and from

" except that " to the end of the subsection.

Section fifteen.

Section twenty-five, subsection (2).

Sections thirty and thirty-three.

! Third Schedule.

0 o

578

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 60.

The Housing, Town Planning, &c. (Scotland) Act,

1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty.

Section twenty-three.

Section thirty-one, the definition of "houses

for the working classes."

Sections thirty-nine and fifty-one.

Section fifty-three, subsections (2) and (3).

c. 61.

The Intestate Moveable Succession (Scotland) Act,

1919.

In part, namely, —

Section two from " provided that ".

Section three.

c. 64.

The Courts (Emergency Powers) Act, 1919.

In part, namely—

Section one, subsection (1), paragraph (a).

c. 65.

The Welsh Church (Temporalities) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (1) to " in that Act

and ".

Section six, from " and section twenty-

three " to the end of the section.

c. 66.

The Profiteering Act, 1919.

«. 69.

The Industrial Courts Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Title from " and to continue."

Section six.

Schedule.

c. 70.

The County Court Judges (Retirement Pensions

and Deputies) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section three.

Section five, subsection (1).

«. 71.

The Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2), to " schedule

and."

Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

579

Reign and Chapter. | Short Title.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 72. The Rats and Mice (Destruction) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twelve, except the short title.

c. 73. The County Courts Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-seven, subsections (2) and (3).

Schedule.

c. 74. The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Sections one, two and four.

Section five, the words "on and after the

dates provided in that schedule."

Section six, subsection (2).

First Schedule.

Second Schedule, from " The preferential

rates shall " to the end of the schedule.

Third Schedule.

c. 78. The Irish Railways (Confirmation of Agreement)

Act, 1919.

c. 79. The Trade Marks Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section thirteen, subsection (2), from " and

shall."

c. 80. The Patents and Designs Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-one, subsection (4).

Section twenty-two, subsection (2).

c. 81. The Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

Section two, subsection (4).

c. 82. The Irish Land (Provision for Sailors and Soldiers)

Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section six.

c. 84. The County and Borough Police Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, from " and shall " to " had

effect."

580

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. |

1

[Short Title.]

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 85.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Amendment)

Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Sections one and two.

c 86.

The Anglo-Persian Oil Company (Acquisition of

Capital) Amendment Act, 1919.

c. 87.

The Profiteering (Continuance) Act, 1919.

e. 88.

The Appropriation Act, 1919.

c. 91.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries Act,

1919.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (4).

Section seven, subsection (7).

Section eight, subsection (1), from " any

powers of the Board " to " those provisions

or, " and subsection (2) from " Any power

of " to the end of the subsection.

First Schedule, clause two, sub-clause (1),

paragraph (a).

c. 92.

The Aliens Restriction (Amendment) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Sections nine, ten and eleven.

c. 93.

The Public Libraries Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (1), to "Provided

that."

Section seven to " and accordingly."

Section eleven, subsection (2).

Schedule.

o. 94.

The Nurses Registration Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (2), paragraph (c).

Section five, subsection (1), proviso (a).

Section eight, subsection (1), paragraph (a),

from " at any time " to " compiled under

this Act, " and paragraph (6), from " at any

time " to " aforesaid."

Schedule, paragraph 3, and paragraph 4 to

" members of the Council."

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

581

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

o. 95. The Nurses Registration (Scotland) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (2), paragraph (c).

Section five, subsection (1), proviso (a).

Section eight, subsection (1), paragraph (a)

from " at any time " to " compiled under

this Act, " and paragraph (6) from " at any

time " to " aforesaid."

Schedule, article three and article four to

" members of the Council."

c. 96. The Nurses Registration (Ireland) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section three, subsection (2), paragraph (c).

Section five, subsection (1), proviso (a).

Section eight, subsection (1), paragraph (a),

from " at any time " to " compiled under

this Act, " and paragraph (6), from " at any

time " to " aforesaid."

Schedule.

c. 97. The Land Settlement (Scotland) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

In sections one and two the words "during

the period of two years after the passing

of this Act " and in section one the words

" during the like period."

Section twenty-five.

Section twenty-six, subsections (2) and (6).

Sections twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty and

thirty-two.

Fourth Schedule.

c. 99. The Housing (Additional Powers) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to four and section six.

Section eight, from " and accordingly " to

the end of the section.

Section eleven, from " Provided that."

Section fifteen, subsection (2).

c. 100. The Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty-nine, subsection (2), from

" Provided that " to the end of the

subsection.

582

Ch. 42,

/Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 101. The Government of India Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section two.

Section three, subsection (2).

Section five, subsection (1), from " and the

provision " to the end of the subsection.

Section eleven, subsection (1).

Section twenty-four, subsection (1).

Section twenty-seven, subsection (1), to

" sanction of the Governor-General."

Section twenty-eight, subsections (1) and (4).

Section thirty-one, paragraph (1) from " provided that " to the end of the paragraph,

paragraph (3), from " provided that " to

the end of the paragraph.

Section thirty-two, subsection (1), to " effect

and."

Section thirty-four, to " effect and."

Section thirty-seven, subsection (2).

Section forty-three.

Section forty-five, subsection (2) from

" Subsection (3) of section eight."

Section forty-seven, subsections (2) and (5).

c. 102. The Old Age Pensions Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (2).

Section three, subsections (2) and (3).

Section ten, subsections (2) and (3).

Second Schedule.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 1. The Consolidated Fund (No. 1) Act, 1920.

c. 4. The Coal Mines (Emergency) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Sections one to six.

First Schedule.

Second Schedule, Part II., paragraph 1 and

proviso to sub-paragraph (1) of paragraph 4.

c. 5. The War Emergency Laws (Continuance)

Act, 1920.

The whole Act, except sections three and

five.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

583

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 7.

The Army and Air Force (Annual) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections two and three.

Section five, from " and accordingly " to

the end of the section.

Section thirteen from " the words " to

" omitted and."

Section fifteen, subsection (2).

Sections twenty-two and twenty-six.

First, Third and Fifth Schedules.

c. 9.

The Public Utility Companies (Capital Issues)

Act, 1920.

c. 11.

The Ejection (Suspensory Provisions) (Scotland)

Act, 1920.

c. 12.

The Savings Banks Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (4).

Section two, subsection (2), from " and such

rate " to the end of the subsection.

Section four, subsection (2).

Section five.

Section six, subsection (3).

Section ten, subsection (4).

Schedule.

c. 13.

The Profiteering (Amendment) Act, 1920.

c. 14.

The Tramways (Temporary Increase of Charges)

Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section 3, subsection (5), from " and where a

tramway " where secondly occurring.

Section four, subsection (2).

c. 15.

The Representation of the People Act, 1920.

c. 17.

The Increase of Rent and Mortgage Interest (Restrictions) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section thirteen.

Section nineteen, subsection (3) to " provided

that."

Second Schedule.

584

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 18. The Finance Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

Sections one and two.

The words " as from the twentieth day

of April nineteen hundred and twenty "

wherever occurring in sections three,

five and six.

Section eight, from " as respects " to " later

date ".

Sections twelve and fourteen.

Section fifteen, subsections (2) and (3).

Section twenty-four, subsection (2).

Section thirty-one.

Section thirty-seven, subsection (2), from " in

the case of accounts" to " subsequently ".

Section forty-three, subsection (2).

Section fifty-seven, subsections (2) and (3).

Section fifty-eight, subsection (1).

Section sixty.

Section sixty-two.

Section sixty-four, subsection (3).

Fourth Schedule.

c. 20. The Veterinary Surgeons Act (1881) Amendment

Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, from " and shall " to the end of the section.

Section three, to " of this Act."

c. 21. The Harbours, Docks, and Piers (Temporary Increase of Charges) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section six, except the short title.

c. 23. The War Pensions Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Sections three to six.

Section twelve, subsection (2).

c. 24. The Bank Notes (Ireland) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2).

c. 25. The Public Libraries (Ireland) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsections (2) and (3).

1927.

Statute Law Revision Ch. 42.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

o. 26.

The Sheriffs (Ireland) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1) to " appointed

day."

Section seven, subsection (10).

Section ten, subsection (2).

Section twelve, subsection (2).

c. 27.

The Nauru Island Agreement Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

[Preamble.]

c. 28.

The Gas Regulation Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section seven, subsection (2), from " Provided that " to the end of the subsection.

Section eleven, from " and section nineteen "

to the end of the section.

o. 29.

The Overseas Trade (Credits and Insurance) Act,

1920.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (1).

c. 30.

The Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section ten, subsection (8).

Sections twenty-seven and forty-five.

Section forty-eight, subsections (2) and (3).

Third Schedule.

e. 32.

The Appropriation Act, 1920.

c. 35.

The Representation of the People (No. 2) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one.

Section four, subsection (2).

c. 36.

The Pensions (Increase) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3).

c. 37.

The Telegraph (Money) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (3).

585

586 Ch. 42. Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Eeign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 39.

The Merchant Shipping (Scottish Pishing Boats)

Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3).

Section two, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 40.

The Post Office and Telegraph Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1).

Section two, subsection (3).

Section three, subsection (4) to " twenty-one

and, " the words "the year commencing

on that date and " and the word "subsequent, " and subsection (6).

Sections four and five.

Section seven, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 42.

The Census (Ireland) Act, 1920.

c. 43.

The Firearms Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section seventeen, paragraph (1) to " for

export and."

Section nineteen, except the short title.

c. 45.

The Public Libraries (Scotland) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (1), to " and twenty, "

and in the same subsection the words

" and shall be deemed to have had effect."

c. 46.

The Dangerous Drugs Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section seventeen, except the short title.

c. 47.

The Ministry of Food (Continuance) Act. 1920.

The whole Act save so far as it authorises the

making or revoking in whole or in part, of

Part III of the Sale of Food Order, 1921,

and provides for the enforcement and imposes

penalties for the breach thereof.

c. 48.

The Lidemnity Act, 1920.

Li part, namely, —

Section four.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act . 1927.

Ch. 42.

587

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 49.

The Blind Persons Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section five, except the short title.

c. 50.

The Mining Industry Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Sections seven to seventeen.

Section eighteen, subsection (1) from " consultation with " to " committees concerned

or.

Section twenty, subsection (2) from " Provided that " to the end of the subsection,

and subsection (3) from " take into consideration " to " and that the Committee

shall."

Section twenty-four.

Second Schedule, Part II.

c. 51.

The Duchy of Lancaster Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section four, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 52.

The Ready Money Football Betting Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section five, except the short title.

c. 53.

The Jurors (Enrolment of Women) (Scotland) Act,

1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (2), from " shall be

prepared " to " and new lists."

Section three.

Schedule.

c. 54.

The Seeds Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section seventeen, except the short title.

c. 58.

The Shops (Early Closing) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (3).

c. 59.

The Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1920.

c. 60.

The Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1920.

c. 61.

The Public Works Loans Act, 1920.

588

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 62. The Women and Young Persons (Employment in

Lead Processes) Act, 1920.

La part, namely, —

Section seven, subsection (2).

c. 64. The Married Women’s Property (Scotland) Act,

1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, the words "After the passing of this Act."

Section five, paragraph (a).

c. 65. The Employment of Women, Young Persons and

Children Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsections (4) and (6).

Section three, subsection (3).

Section five, except the short title.

c. 66. The Criminal Injuries (Ireland) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one, subsection (3).

Section two, subsection (1) paragraph (a) and

subsection (2).

Section six, subsection (1).

c. 67. The Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

In part, namely—

Section three.

j Section four, subsection (2).

Section eight, subsection (2) from " Provided

that ".

Section nine, subsection (1), subsection (2)

from " until the date of Irish union " to

" become Irish services, " and proviso (a),

subsection (3) proviso (a).

Section thirteen, subsection (1).

Section fourteen, subsection (1).

Section nineteen, paragraph (c).

Section twenty-three, subsection (4), subsection (5) from " or ought to have been

apportioned " to " manner hereinbefore

provided " and from " or that the contribution shall be treated " to " specified

in the certificates."

Section twenty-four, subsection (2) the words

" shall be apportioned between them in

such manner and ".

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

Reign and Chapter.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 67.

[Short Title.]

The Government of Ireland Act, 1920— cont.

Section twenty-eight, subsection (3).

Section thirty.

Section thirty-two, subsection (3) the words

" or jointly by the Treasuries of Southern

and Northern Ireland."

Section thirty-five.

Section thirty-six.

Section thirty-nine.

Section forty-one, subsections (3) and (4).

Sections forty-two and forty-three.

Section forty-four, subsection (1).

Section forty-seven, subsection (1) the words

" and the High Court of Appeal for

Ireland, " the words from " until the date

of Irish union " to " Fund of the United

Kingdom, " and subsection (2).

Section fifty-four, subsection (3) from " and

(after the date " to " Act (Ireland), 1877 ".

Section fifty-five, subsection (1) from "but

in the case of ", subsection (5) from

" or shall be apportioned " to " Board may

determine ".

Section fifty-six, subsection (2) from " Provided that ".

Section fifty-seven, subsection (2) from " or

apportioned between those funds ".

Section fifty-nine, subsection (1) to

" Southern Ireland and ".

Section sixty.

Section sixty-one from " and after the date

of Irish union" to "Parliament of Ireland ".

Section sixty-three, the words "or by officers

of a department of the Government of

Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland as

the case may be ".

Section sixty-four, subsections (2) and (4).

Section sixty-six.

Section sixty-eight, subsection (1) the words

" or after the date of Irish union by the

Parliament of Ireland

Section sixty-nine, the words "and when

established the Parliament and Government

of Ireland, " and paragraphs (c) (d) and (A).

Section seventy-two.

Section seventy-three, subsection (1) from

" but the Parliaments of Southern and

Northern Ireland ".

590

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Reign and Chapter. Short Title.

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 67. The Government of Ireland Act, 1920— cont.

Section seventy-five, the words "or the

Parliament of Ireland ",

Section seventy-six, subsection (2).

Second Schedule.

Fourth Schedule, paragraph 2 (6).

Fifth Schedule, Part I.

Seventh Schedule, Part I.

Ninth Schedule.

c. 69. The Registrar-General (Scotland) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section one to " have effect and ".

Section two, except the short title.

c. 70. The Gold and Silver (Export Control, &c.) Act.

1920.

In part, namely, —

Title from " control " to " bullion, and to ".

Section one.

c. 71. The Housing (Scotland) Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section nine, subsections (2) and (4).

c. 72. The Roads Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section four, to " effect and ".

Section fourteen, subsection (2).

Section twenty, except the short title.

Third Schedule.

c. 73. The Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1920.

c. 74. The British Empire Exhibition (Guarantee) Act,

1920.

c. 75. The Official Secrets Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section eleven, subsection (2).

Second Schedule.

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42.

591

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

c. 76.

The Agriculture Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Title from " and the enactments ".

Section thirty-six, subsection (1), subsection (2) from " Part II of this Act, shall ",

subsection (3) to " provided that, " and

proviso (a).

Second Schedule.

c. 78.

The Juries (Emergency Provisions) Act, 1920.

c. 79.

The Defence of the Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act,

1920.

In part, namely, —

Section two, subsection (1) from " and

accordingly ".

Section three, subsection (1), paragraph (a)

and subsection (2) from " and paragraph (6) ".

Section four, subsection (1).

Section five.

Section six the words "one, two

Section seven.

o. 80.

The Air Navigation Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Section twenty, subsection (2).

c. 81.

The Administration of Justice Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Title from " and with respect " to " Supreme

Court, " and from " and to regulate ".

Section three, subsection (3).

Section four, subsection (2).

Section twenty-one, subsection (2).

Schedule.

c. 82.

The Unemployment Insurance (Temporary Provisions Amendment) Act, 1920.

592

Ch. 42.

Statute Law Revision 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Act, 1927.

Part II.

As from the date when the Commissioners of Inland Revenue

by notice) in the London Gazette certify that no further claims

in respect of corporation or excess profits duties, or for relief in

relation thereto, are outstanding—-

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

1

5 & 6 Geo. 5.:

c. 89.

i

The Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915.

In part, namely, —

Sections thirty-eight to forty-four.

Section forty-five except subsection (8).

Fourth Schedule.

6 & 7 Geo. 5 .:

c. 24.

The Finance Act, 1916.

In part, namely, —

Sections forty-five to fifty-two, fifty-four,

fifty-six and fifty-seven.

Section sixty-nine, subsection (1) from

" Part III. of this Act."

7 & 8 Geo. 5.:

c. 31.

The Finance Act, 1917.

In part, namely, —

Sections twenty to twenty-eight.

Section thirty-eight, subsection (1) from

" Part III. of this Act " to " Act, 1915."

8 & 9 Geo. 5.:

c. 15.

The Finance Act, 1918.

In part, namely, —

Sections thirty-four and thirty-five.

Section forty-five, subsection (1), from

" Part III. of this Act."

It & 10 Geo. 5.:

c. 32.

The Finance Act, 1919.

In part, namely, —

Sections thirty-two to thirty-six.

Section thirty-eight, subsection (1), from

" Part IV. of this Act."

1927.

Statute Law Revision

Act, 1927.

Ch. 42, 43.

593

Reign and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

10 & 11 Geo. 5.:

o. 18.

The Finance Act, 1920.

In part, namely, —

Sections forty-four to fifty-six.

Section sixty-one so far as relating to excess

profits duty or munitions exchequer payments.

Section sixty-four, subsection (1), from

" Part IV. of this Act."

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to enable the Colonial Probates Act, 1892,

to be applied to certain Protected States and

Mandated Territories.

[22nd December 1927.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The power of His Majesty to apply the Colonial

Probates Act, 1892, to British possessions shall include

a power to apply the said Act to any territories,

being either territories under His Majesty’s protection or

territories in respect of which a mandate on behalf of the

League of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty,

to which it cannot be applied by virtue of the provisions

of the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts, 1890 and 1913, and the

said Act shall accordingly have effect as if references

therein to British possessions included references to such

territories as aforesaid.

2. This Act may be cited as the Colonial Probates

(Protected States and Mandated Territories) Act, 1927,

and the Colonial Probates Act, 1892, and this Act may

be cited together as the Colonial Probates Acts, 1892 and

1927.

Extension

of Colonial

Probates

Act, 1892,

to certain

protected

states and

mandated

territories.

55 & 56

Vict. c. 6.

Short title.

Pp

TABLE II

A TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE MEASURES PASSED BY

THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

YEAR 1927.

[17 & 18 Geo. 5.]

17 & 18 Geo. 3.

Royal Assent, 23rd November, 1927.

No. 1 . A Measure to provide for the dissolution of the legal

union between the Church of England and the Church of

England in India, and to make provisions consequential

thereon. (Indian Church.)

No. 2. A Measure to amend the Clergy Pensions Measure, 192(1.

(Clergy Pensions (Amendment).)

No. 3. A Measure to make temporary provision for representation in the House of Laity and the constitution of Diocesan

Conferences upon the foundation of new bishopricks, and for

purposes connected therewith. (New Dioceses (Transitional

Provisions).)

MEASURES

PASSED BY THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

YEAR 1927.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To provide for the dissolution of the legal union

between the Church of England and the Church

of England in India, and to make provisions

consequential thereon.

[23rd November 1927.]

YAJ HERE AS it is expedient that the legal union

V between the Church of England and the Church

of England in India shall be dissolved, and that provision

should at the same time be made for the last-mentioned

Church as proposed to be constituted after the dissolution of the said union:

And whereas a petition to that effect has been

presented to the Church Assembly by the General Council

of the Church of England in India:

And whereas the Secretary of State in Council of

India and the Governor-General of India in Council, and

the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the bishops and duly

appointed representatives of the clergy and laity of the

Church of England in India in Council assembled, have

approved the dissolution of such union:

1. In this Measure—

the expression "date of severance" means such

day not less than two years or more than three

years after the coming into operation of this

Measure as the Governor-General of India in

Interpretation.

iv No. 1. Indian Church Measure, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Council at the request of the General Council

shall fix for the dissolution of such union as

aforesaid;

the expression "Indian Church " means, in respect

of the period before the date of severance the

Church of England in India, and in respect

of the period commencing on the date of

severance, the Church of England in India

as severed from the Church of England, notwithstanding the adoption by the said Church

of any other name or names;

the expression "rule " includes canon, article,

declaration, constitution, and regulation;

the expression "the rules of the Indian Church "

means the ecclesiastical law and the articles,

canons, doctrines, rites, rules, discipline and

ordinances of the Indian Church existing at

the date of the passing of this Measure with

and subject to such modification or alteration,

if any, as may after the passing of this Measure

be duly made therein by the Indian Church;

the expression "Bishop of Calcutta" means the

occupant for the time being of the See of

Calcutta, whether or not that See is constituted an archiepiscopal see;

the expression "General Council" means the

body recognised as such by the Bishop of

Calcutta.

2. Upon the date of severance the union legally

existing between the Church of England and the Church

of England in India shall be dissolved, and—

(i) The enactment mentioned in the first column of the schedule to this Measure shall be repealed

to the extent mentioned in the third column of the said schedule;

(ii) The Metropolitan Bishop of the Indian Church

shall not, in contemplation of the law, be subject

to the general superintendence and revision of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the obtaining of the Royal Mandate to consecrate shall

not be necessary in the case of the consecration

of a bishop for a charge in India, nor shall the

Bishops in Foreign Countries Act, 1841, apply

to the consecration of any such bishop, nor shall

Dim- >lution

of union

between

the Indian

Church and

the Church

of England.

1927.

Indian Church Measure, 1927.

No. 1.

v

any bishop of any diocese in England have any

jurisdiction over the Indian Church in India;

(iii) No ecclesiastical court or official of the Indian

Church shall have or exercise any coercive

jurisdiction;

(iv) The ecclesiastical law of the Church of England,

so far as it exists in India, shall in India cease to

exist as law; and no proceeding by way of

rehearing or appeal from any decision, judgment, sentence, decree or other order of any

ecclesiastical court or official of the Indian

Church shall be entered, admitted, prosecuted,

heard or determined in, by or before any of His

Majesty’s Courts of Justice in India or elsewhere, any Court of Commissioners delegate in

India, or His Majesty in Council;

(v) The rules of the Indian Church shall be binding

on the members thereof for the time being in

the same manner as if they had mutually agreed

to be so bound, and shall be capable of being

enforced in the temporal courts in relation to

any property lawfully held on behalf of the

said Church or any members thereof in the same

manner and to the same extent as if such

property had been expressly assured upon trust

to be held on behalf of persons who should be

so bound.

As in the respects particularly in this section mentioned, so in all other respects the Church of England

and the Indian Church shall, as from the date of severance,

be legally severed, separate and distinct, and every law

and custom shall, except as in this Measure expressly

provided, be interpreted and applied accordingly.

3.—(1) From and after the coining into operation Provisions

of this Measure nothing in any Act of Parliament, law for the Conor custom, shall prevent the General Council from s tltut) en of

making, amending or repealing rules for the general

management and good government of the Indian Church

and the property and affairs thereof, whether in respect

of the whole of the said Church, or according to provinces

or dioceses or other areas, and rules so made may provide

for the future making, amending or repealing of rules

for the like purposes and prescribe the persons or bodies

by whom, or by which, such rules may be made, amended

or repealed:

VI

No. 1.

Indian Church Measure, 1927. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Membership of the

Indian

Church, how

proved.

Recognition

of General

Council.

Provided that no rules so made shall come into

operation before the date of severance.

(2) From and after the date of severance nothing

in any Act of Parliament, law or custom, shall prevent

the bishops, clergy and laity of the Indian Church from

holding synods, councils or assemblies whether general,

provincial, diocesan, or according to other areas, or

from electing representatives thereto; or any such

synod, council or assembly from acting in accordance

with the rules of the Indian Church for the time being.

(3) Any rule of the Indian Church made by any

synod, council, assembly or officer thereof shall not, after

the date of severance, be subject to any legal limitation

in respect to scope or effect (whether arising from the

operation of an Act of Parliament or otherwise) other

than such as would apply to the like rule if made by a

voluntary association altogether distinct from the Church

of England which should have come into existence on

the date of severance:

Provided always that nothing in this section shall be

deemed to confer upon the General Council or enable it

to confer upon any other person or body of persons any

coercive jurisdiction, without prejudice, however, to the

operation of the law relating to obligations binding on

persons who shall be deemed, in accordance with subsection (v) of section 2 of this Measure, to have mutually

agreed to be bound by any such rule.

4. —(1) If for any temporal purpose in connection

with this Measure, or if in any proceedings in any

temporal court, it shall be necessary to determine whether

any person is, or at any past date was, a member of the

Indian Church or of any Church in communion therewith,

a certificate under the hand of the Bishop of Calcutta

stating that such person is or is not, or was or was not on a

named past date, a member of the Indian Church or of a

Church in communion therewith, shall conclusively determine the fact stated therein.

(2) A certificate purporting to be made and signed

by the said Bishop shall be deemed to have been made

and signed by him until the contrary be shown.

5. —(1) The recognition of the General Council as

such by the Bishop of Calcutta shall be sufficiently proved

for all purposes by an expression of that recognition in

writing under the hand of such Bishop; and if any

1927.

Indian Church Measure, 1927.

No. 1.

VII

question at any future time shall arise as to whether

any assembly was or was not the General Council for

the purposes of this Measure, whether generally, or on

a particular occasion, or at a particular time, such question

shall be referred to the Bishop aforesaid, and by him

finally decided.

(2) (i) A document purporting to be a writing under

this section, and to be signed by the Bishop of Calcutta

shall be deemed to be such and to have been made and

signed by him until the contrary be shown.

(ii) No proceedings of the General Council, in pursuance of this Measure, shall be invalidated by any

vacancy in the membership of that Council or by any

defect in the qualification or election of any member

thereof.

6. Nothing in this Measure or in any Act of Parlia- Saving

ment shall prevent any person who is or has been Bishop right of

of any diocese in India from performing episcopal bishops,

functions, not extending to the exercise of jurisdiction,

in any diocese or reputed diocese at the request of the

Bishop thereof.

7. This Measure shall come into operation on a date Date of

to be fixed by His Majesty in Council, but no date shall coming into

be so fixed unless and until an Act of Parliament is passed operation,

providing for the repeal of Part X. of the Government

of India Act so far as it relates to the Church of England.

8. This Measure may be cited as the Indian Church Short title.

Measure, 1927.

THE SCHEDULE.

Section 2.

Enactment repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Vict.

The Colonial Bishops

In section one the words "by

o. 52.

Act, 1852.

" virtue of such Royal Letters

" Patent under the Great

" Seal of the said United

" Kingdom."

* The date thus fixed was January 1, 1928; see the Order in

Council, S. R. & 0., 1927, No. 1231. For the Act of Parliament, see

17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 40.

No. 2, 3.

Clergy Pensions 17 & 18 Geo. 5

(Amendment)Measure, 1927.

No. 2.

Amendment

of Clergy

Pensions

Measure,

1926.

Short title

and commencement.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To amend the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926.

[23rd November 1927.]

1. Notwithstanding anything contained in the

Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926 (hereinafter referred to

as "the principal Measure"), an agreement made with

a compulsory contributor who becomes a voluntary

contributor may provide that in the event of his again

becoming a compulsory contributor—

(i) the time during which he was a voluntary contributor shall be deemed to be and be calculated

as part of his qualifying period of pensionable

service under the principal Measure;

(ii) all contributions theretofore paid by him as a

voluntary contributor shall be treated as contributions made by a compulsory contributor

iinder the principal Measure, and shall be dealt

with accordingly.

2. This Measure maybe cited as the Clergy Pensions

(Amendment) Measure, 1927, and shall take effect as

from the appointed day under the principal Measure,

and this Measure and the principal Measure may be

cited together as the Clergy Pensions Measures, 1926

and 1927.

No. 3.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England.

To make temporary provision for representation

in the House of Laity and the constitution of

Diocesan Conferences upon the foundation of

new bishopricks, and for purposes connected

therewith.

[23rd November 1927.]

Powers of 1, — (1)The Church Assembly shall have power to

Church make provision upon the foundation, either before or

Assembly

1927. New Dioceses No. 3. i x

(Transitional Provisions) Measure, 1927.

after the passing of this Measure, of a new bishopric!? upon the

for the following matters (that is to say) :•—- foundation

(i) The representation of the area affected in the bishoprick.

House of Laity during the transitional period;

(ii) The constitution or re-constitution of the

Diocesan Conference of any new diocese concerned; and

(iii) Any matters incidental to or consequential upon

the above matters.

(2) The Church Assembly in exercising the powers

conferred on it by this section—

(1) may allocate any members of the House of

Laity originally elected by the representative

electors of the area affected or any part thereof

to the new dioceses concerned or any of them

and so that any member allocated to a new

diocese shall be in the same position as if he

had been elected by the representative electors

in the Diocesan Conference of that diocese;

(ii) may dissolve with a view to its re-constitution

the Diocesan Conference of any diocese the

area of which is altered by the foundation of the

new bishoprick;

(iii) may modify for the purposes only of the original

constitution or the re-constitution of the

Diocesan Conference of a new diocese concerned

any of the provisions of the Constitution and

the Diocesan Conferences Regulation, 1922,

as to the election of representatives and other

matters relating to Diocesan Conferences; and

(iv) may sanction a scheme made or approved by

the bishop of a new diocese concerned for the

original constitution or the re-constitution of the

Diocesan Conference thereof.

2.—(1) The powers conferred by this Measure may Exercise of

be exercised by resolution or otherwise as the Church powers.

Assembly may determine.

(2) Prima facie evidence of any resolution or other

exercise of any power conferred by this Measure may be

given by producing a copy thereof signed by the secretary

or assistant secretary of the Church Assembly.

x No. 3. New Dioceses 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

(Transitional Provisions) Measure, 1927.

Interpreta- 3. i n this Measure—

(i) the expression "new diocese " includes both

any diocese constituted upon and any diocese

the area of which is altered by the foundation

of a new bishoprick;

(ii) the expression "area affected" means the

areas of the new dioceses concerned collectively; and

(iii) the expression "transitional period " means

the period between the foundation of a new

bishoprick and the next election to the House

of Laity.

[Short title.] 4. This Measure may be cited as the New Dioceses

(Transitional Provisions) Measure, 1927.

Extent. 5. This Measure shall apply to the whole of the

provinces of Canterbury and York, except the Channel

Islands and the Isle of Man.

TABLE III

Showing the Effect of the Legislation of 1927. *

FORMER ACTS

(IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED

OR AMENDED BY ENACTMENTS OF

17 & 18 GEO. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

{Subject or

[Short Title.]

How alleoted.

Chapter of

17 18 Geo. 5.

43 Eli/.,

e. 2.

Poor Relief Act,

1601.

Ss. 1 except us to raising of

rates, 3, 4, 0, 17 repealed.

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

14 Car. 2.

c. 12.

Poor Relief Act,

1602.

Act, except ss. 21-2 and 24,

repealed.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

3 Will. & M.

c. 11.

Poor Relief Act,

1091.

Repealed ....

14, 8. 245, sch.

11.

8 & 9 W ill. 3.

c. 30.

Relief of the Poor -

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

5 Geo. 1.

c. 8.

Poor Relief (Deserted \\ ives and

Children) Act, |

1718.

See

14, 8. 246 (1) (d).

9 Geo. 1.

c. 7.

Poor Relief Act,

1722.

Act, except k. 3, repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

31 Geo. 2.

c. 11.

Apprentices (Settlement) Act, 1757.

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

9 Geo. 3.

c. 37.

Poor Relief Act,

1709.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

13 Geo. 3.

c. 82.

Lying-in Hospitals

Act, 1773.

Act repealed, except ss. 3,

10-1.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

18 Geo. 3.

c. 47.

Parish Apprentices

Act, 1778.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

30 Geo. 3.

c. 49.

Workhouses Act,

1790.

Repealed ... -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

* Enactments annually continued by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act,

1927 (17 & 18 Geo. 5. c. 34) are not in general included in this table.

xii

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

32 Geo. 3.

e. 57.

Parish Apprentices

Act, 1792.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, ech.

11.

35 Geo. 3.

c. 101.

Poor Removal Act,

1795.

Repealed - -

14, h. 245, sell.

11.

36 Geo. 3.

c. 10.

Poor Relief Act,

1795.

Repealed -

11, s. 245, sch.

11.

42 Geo. 3.

c. 46.

Parish Apprentices

Act, 1802.

Repealed

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

49 Geo. 3.

c. 124.

Poor (Settlement

and Removal)

Act, 1809.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

50 Geo. 3.

c. 49.

Poor Rate Act,

1810.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

54 Geo. 3.

c. 170.

Poor Relief Act,

1814.

Act, except ss. 11-2, repealed.

14, a. 245, sch.

11.

55 Geo. 3.

c. 137.

Poor Relief Act,

1815.

Repealed - |

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

56 Geo. 3:

o. 129 -

Workhouse Act,

1816.

Repealed -

14, b. 245, sell.

11.

139 •

Parish Apprentices

Act, 1816.

1

Repealed - j

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

5. Geo. 3.

o. 97.

Duchy of Lancaster

S. 25 ext. ....

36, b. 24, sch. 2,

pt. I.

59 Geo. 3.

c. 12.

Poor Relief Aet,

1819.

Ss. 11-13, 24, 25, 28 repealed.

14, s. 245, soli.

11.

5 Geo. 4.

<*. 83.

Vagrancy Act, 1824

Ss. 20 repealed, 3, 4 extended (E.).

14, ss. 40, 44 (3),

75, 131, 232(1)

(2), 245, sch.

11.

6 Geo. 4.

o. 57.

Poor Relief (Settlement) Act, 4825.

Repealed .

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

10 Geo. 4.

c. 50.

Crown Lands Act,

1829.

Ss. 16, 22-34, 60, 77, 80,

85 repealed (but see

29 & 30 Vict. c. 62, s. 10 ).

23, 88. 16, 26(2),

sch.

1 Will. 4.

c. 18.

Poor Relief (Settlement) Act, 1831.

Repealed -

14. 8. 245, sch.

11.

1 &2 Will.4:

j

c. 42

Poor Relief Act,

1831.

Repealed - - 1

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

e. 59

Crown Lands Allotments Act, 1831.

Repealed -

14, s. 246, sch.

11.

3 & 4 Will. 4.

c. 63.

Apprentices Act,

1833.

Repealed -

14, s. 246, soli.

11.

A.D. 1927. Effect of Legislation.

xiii

-Statute and

('hapi. *.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

i

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

4 Ar 5 Will. 4.

< *, 76.

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1834. ]

Act repealed except ss. 40,

85-6 and 109.

14, s. 245 (1) (2),

sch. 11.

5 & 6 Will. 4.

e. 69.

Union and Parish

Property Act,

Act, 1835.

Act repealed except s. 3 as

to disposal of parish

property and s. 9.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

7 Will. 4 &

1 Vict.

* . 50.

Union and Parish

Property Act.

1837.

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

1 & 2 Vict.:

e. 25

Poor Relief (Loans)

Act, 1838.

Repealed - -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

e. llfl -

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1838.

S. 28 repealed -

35, s. 23, sch.

■5 Vict. c. 6 -

Bishops in Foreign

Countries Act,

1841.

Excluded (prosp.) by Indian

• Church Measure (17 & 18

Geo 5., No. 1) s. 2 (ii).

& 6 Vict.:

e. 7

Parish Apprentices

Act, 1842.

Repealed - . j

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

o. 18

Parish Property

and Parish

Debts Act, 1842.

Act repealed, except ss. 2,

3 and 9.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

e. 57

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1842.

Act, except s. 18, repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

6 & 7 Vict.:

c. 65* -

Forest of Dean Ecclesiastical Districts.

Amended - - - 1

23, a. 20.

<*. 73 - 1

Solicitors Act, 1843

S. 2 excluded -

14, s. 224.

7*8 Vict,

o. 101.

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1844.

Act repealed, except ss. 4-8,

14-6, 22, 56 as to registration of births and deaths,

60-3 and 74-5.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

3 & 9 Vict.:

o. 83

Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845.

Amended (temp.)

3.

o. 99

Crown Lands Act,

1845.

S. 5 " without stamp " repealed.

23, ss. 16 (1),

26 (2), sch.

9 & 10 Vict,

e. 66.

Poor Removal Act,

1846.

Repealed -

14, 8. 246, sch.

11.

10 & 11 Vict,

e. 109.

Poor Law Board

Act, 1847.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

11 & 12 Vict.:

e. 31

Poor Law Procedure Act, 1848.

Repealed -

j 14. s. 245, sch.

1 11.

* Not printed in Statutes Revised.

XIV

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

11 A: 12 Vict.:

e. 43

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1848.

S. 11 excluded (E. S.)

32, s. 1 (3).

e. 82

Poor Law (Schools)

Act, 1848.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

o. 91

Poor Law Audit

Act, 1848.

Act repealed, except ss. 1,

2, 6, 11 and 13.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

c. 110 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1848.

Act repealed, except ss. 7

and 12.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

0.111 -

Poor Removal Act,

1848.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

12 & 13 Vict.:

e. 13

Poor Relief Act,

1849.

Repealed ... -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

e. 103 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1849.

Act repealed, except ss. 3,

6, 15, 21 and 22.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

13 & 14 Vict,

c. 101.

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1850.

Act repealed, except ss. 6,

7, 11-2.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

14<& 15 Vict.:

o. 11

Poor Law (Apprentices) Act,

1851.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

c. 42

Crown Lands Act,

1851.

S. 7 " by the [Commission-

" era of Her Majesty’s] '

" Treasury " repealed, j

s. 23 explained.

23, ss. 17, 26(2),

sch.

e. 105 -

Poor Law Amend *

mont Act, 1851.

Act repealed, except ss. 9,

19 and 20.

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

15 & 16 Vict.:

c. 52

Colonial Bishops

Act, 1852.

S. 1 in part (prosp.) repealed!

by Indian Church Measure, 1927 (17 & 18 Geo. 5.

No. 1).

c. 62

Crown Lands Act,

1852.

S. 5 explained -

23, s. 18.

17 & 18 Vict,

e. 97.

Inclosure Act, 1854

Ss. 10-4 applied, 14 excluded.

36, s. 20.

18 & 19 Vict,

c. 79.

Poor (Burials) Act,

1855.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

19 & 20 Vict,

c. 97.

Mercantile Law

Amendment Act,

1856.

S. 11 extended (E.) - |

1

21, ss. 13(1 )(d),

19 (4).

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 81.

Burial Act, 1857 -

S. 6; see

14, s. 103 (2) (c).

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

21 & 22 Vict.

c. 90.

Medical Act, 1858 -

Am. and saved, see

39.

224:23 Vict.:

c. 40

i

Royal Naval Reserve (Volunteer)

Act, 1859.

Ss. 3-5 am. (as applied)

18, s. 1.

c. 49

Poor Law (Payment

of Debts) Act,

1 1859.

Repealed ... -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

21 & 25 Vict,

e. 55.

Poor Removal Act,

1861.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

23 & 26 Vict,

c. 43.

1 Poor Law (Certified

Schools) Act,

i 1862.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

20 & 27 Vict.:

e. 7

Tobacco Act, 1863

1

S. 1 (rate of drawback):

see

10, s. 7 (3), sch.

2, Part III.

e. 49

Duchy of Cornwall

Management Act,

1863.

S. 8 applied

36, s 24, sch. 2,

pt. I.

27 & 28 Vict.:

e. 105

Poor Removal Act,

1864.

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

o. 116 -

Metropolitan

Houseless Poor

Act, 1864.

Repealed -

i 14, s. 245, sch.

11.

28 & 29Viet.:

e. 34

Metropolitan

Houseless Poor

Act, 1865.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

c. 79 -

Union Charge-

ability Act, 1865.

Repealed -

14, s. 245 sch.

11.

29 <fc SOVict.:

c. 62

Crown Lands Act,

1866.

Ss. 1 ami 3 repealed -

23, s. 26 (2),

sch.

e. 109 (as

amended).

Naval Discipline

Act.

S. 90 B (1) am.

8, s. 2.

u. 113 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1866.

Act repealed, except ss.

10-3 and 18.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

30 & 31 Vict.:

c. 6

i

Metropolitan Poor

Act, 1867.

Act, except s. 24 as to

registration of births and

deaths, repealed.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

e. 106 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867.

Act repealed, except ss. 7,

8, 10-1, 23 and 28-30.

14, 9. 245, sch.

11.

XVI

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 101 -

Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868.

S. 54 in pt. virt. repealed j

i

35, s. 11 (2).

c. 122 -

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1808.

Act repealed, except as. 5,

27-32, 38-40, 45 and 46.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

32 & 33 Vict.:

c. 45

Union Loans Act,

18011.

Repealed ... -

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

e. 63

Metropolitan Poor

Amendment Act,

1869. .

Act repealed, except ss. 8,

24-5.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

c. 115 -

Metropolitan Public Carriage Act,

1869.

S. 9 the third restriction

repealed (April 22, 1928).

37, ss. 11, 16 (2),

sch.

33 & 34 Vict.:

c. 2

Dissolved Boards

of Management

and Guardians

Act, 1870.

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

e. 18

Metropolitan Poor

Amendment Act,

1870.

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

c. 48

Pauper Conveyance (Expenses)

Act, 1870.

Repealed ... -

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

34 & 35 Vict.:

c. 11

Poor Law Loans

Act, 1871.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

c. 15

Metropolitan Poor

Act, 1871.

Repealed -

14. s. 245, sch.

11.

c. 31

Trade Union Act,

1871.

S. 16 extended -

22, s. 4 (6).

o. 108 -

Pauper Inmates

Discharge and

Regulation Act,

1871.

Repealed ... -

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 2

Poor Law Loans

Act, 1872.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

c. 33

Ballot Act, 1872 -

Act (as amended) applied,

subject to adaptation, s. 6

extended (E.).

14, s. 12 (2)

(3) (a) (6).

c. 93

Pawnbrokers Act,

1872.

S. 24 ext. (re-opening of

special contracts).

21, ss. 10 (3),

19 (2).

30 ic 37 Vict,

c. 36.

Crown Lands Act,

1873.

S. 4 repealed ...

23, s. 26 (2), sell.

A.D. 1927. Effect of Legislation.

xvii

{Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 18 Deo. 6.

38 & 3!l Vict.:

c. 55

Public* Health Act,

1875.

Sch. 5, part IIT, so far as

re-enacting 35 & 36 Vict,

c. 79, s. 48, repealed,

ss. 176, 178. 207-8 applied,

ss. 176, 296-8 applied to

London.

S. 247 (8) repealed -

Ss. 182-6 applied

14, ss. 142 (3),

161 (2), 205

(3), 245, sch.

11-

31, s. 4, sch.

38, s. 4.

e. 63

Sale of Food and

Drugs Act, 1875.

Ss. 3, C extended

5, s. 1 (1) (2).

c. S3

Local Loan* Act,

1875.

Applied -

14, s. 143(2).

e. 86

Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act, 1H75.

Ss. 5 am., 7 extended

22, ss. 3 (1)—(3),

6(4)-

39 & 40 Vict.:

c. 61

Divided Parishes

and Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1876.

Act repealed, except ss. 1-9,

19 to "to the contrary

notwithstanding." 21,

paragraph 1; 24, 29, 31,

37, 39, 42, 44, para. 1,

and 45.

S. 42 saved.

14, ss. 178 (3),

245, sch. 11.

c. 70

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1876.

Ss. 40 repealed, 45 variable

by order.

35, ss. 19, 23, 24

(1 ), sch.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 68.

Destructive Insects

Act, 1877.

•Act (as am. by 7 Edw. 7.

c. 4) ext., b. 3 (1) (2) repealed, (3) am., " insect "

and "crop" defined (E.

S.).

32.

42* 43 Vict.:

c. 6

District Auditors

Act. 1879.

Rules under s. 5 saved - i

14, s. 150(5).

<•. 12

Poor Law Amendment Act, 1879.

Repealed -

14 . s. 245, sch.

U-

c. 19

Habitual Drunkards

Act, 1879.

S. 32 repealed -

14 s. 245, sch.

I’l.

e. 4!)

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1879.

S. 28 (repealed, save as j

applied, by 8 Edw. 7. c. 15.

applied as superseding

18 A: 19 Vict. c. 126. s. 15)

applied.

14, s.232 (4).

c. 54

Poor Law Act, 1879

Ss. 8, 9, 10, 13 and 14 repealed.

a. 245, sch.

ii-

43* 44 Vict.:

e 20

Inland He venue

Act, IS SO.

S. Hi restored -

10, 8. J"-

24

Spirits Act, 1880 -

lo, S. ir ’-

Qq 2

xviii

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 18 Geo. 5.

44 A; 45 Vict,

c. 58 (as

amended).

Army Act

Act eont., sk. 24 (1),

57 \ (9), 83, 178, 179 (19)

am., 190 (14) omitted.

7, ss. 2, 4, 5,

7-10.

45*46 Vict.:

t

e. 36

Casual 1'oor Act,

1882.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

c. 50

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

Ss. 34-5, 37, 40, 74-5 provision for election of

councillors (sec e. 140, j

sells. 3, pt. Ill (6) and

5 pt. II (1)), and pt.. IV.

(as amended) applied.

14, s. 12 (2) (31

(«) (6).

e. 58

Divided Parishes

and Poor Law

Amendment Act,

1882.

Ss. 8, 12-4 repealed

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

c. 75

Married Women’s

Property Act,

1882.

S. 20 to " if she becomes

" chargeable to any

" union or parish, " and

s. 21 repealed except as to

N.I.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 11.

Poor Law Conferences Act,

1883.

I

Repealed - - j

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

47 & 48 Vict.:

e. 38

Indian Marine

Service Act, 1884.

S. 6 prosp. modified (if

Indian Navy formed).

8, ss. 1, 3.

c. 43

Summary Jurisdiction Act, 1884.

S. 11 repealed ...

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

e. 70

Municipal Elections

(Corrupt and

Illegal Practices)

Act, 1884.

Applied (as amended), s. 37

extended (E.).

14, s. 12 (2) (3)

<«) (*)•

48* 49 Vict.:,

e. 51

Customs and Inland Revenue

Act, 1885.

S. 3 extended -

10, s. 15 (2) (3).

c. 79

Crown Lands Act,

1885.

S. 3 repealed ...

23, s. 26 (2),

sch.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 48.

Medical Act, 1886 -

Saved, s. 7 (1) am. -

39, s. 1, sch.,

pt. I.

50 & 51 Vict,

e. 16.

National Debt and

Local Loans Act,

1887.

S. 7:as to discharge of

Irish Free State liability

for local loans, see

1, 8. 4.

51 & 52 Vict.:

c. 41

Local Government

Act, 1888.

Ss. 58 repealed, 62 applied

as modified.

S. 85 (1) (a) repealed (April

22, 1928).

14, ss. 25, 245,

sells. 3, 11.

37, ss. 11, 16(2),

sch.

c. 43

County Courts Act,

1888.

S. 126 ext.

36, s. 21 (1) (6).

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xix

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

52&S3 Vict.:

c. 50

Local Government

(Scotland) Act,

1889.

S. 58 (1) (a) repealed (April

22, 1928).

37, ss. 11, 16 (2),

sch.

c, 56

Poor Law Act,

1889.

Act repealed, except ss.

8-10.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 8,

Customs and Inland

Revenue Act,

1890.

S. 8 (2) applied

S. 8 (2) applied (Isle of

Wan).

10, s. 5 (3).

20, s. 1 (2).

54 & 55 Vict.:

e. 39

Stamp Act, 1891 •

Excluded -

10, ss. 55 (1) (B),

56.

c. 76

Public Health (London) Act, 1891.

S. 80 (2) saved -

14, s. 178 (3).

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 4

Betting and Loans

(Infants), 1892.

Ss. 2, 4 am. (effect of eon- j

viction).

21, s. 3.

o. 55

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

i

S. 78 in part virt. repealed |

as to sheriff.

S. 394 (1) repealed (April 22,

1928).

19, s. 6 (2).

37, ss. 11, 16 (2),

sch.

56 & 57 Vict.

o. 73 .;

Local Government

Act, 1894.

Ss. 20, 24 (3), 30, 46 as to

boards of guardians, s. 48

as to election of boards of

guardians, and 59 (1) (2),

60 and 61 as to boards of

guardians, repealed.

Home Office rules to synchronise elections with

those of guardians; s.

48 (4) (c) replaced.

14, as. 12 (1) (4)

(3) (5), 245,

seh. 11.

57 & 58 Vict.:

c. 25

Outdoor Relief

Friendly Societies

Act, 1894.

Repealed -

i

14, s. 245, sell.

11.

e. 43

Crown Lands Act,

1894.

S. 2 repealed -

23, s. 26 (2), sell.

c. 57

Diseases of Animals

Act, 1894.

Ss. 51 substituted, 5, 6, 8,

9, 10 in part, 11—2, sch. 1

prosp. repealed, ss. 10

prosp. ext., 10 (5), 37

prosp. applied. 7(1) am.

(except as to N.I.). *

13, ss. 1 *, 2, '5, 6,

sch.

58 & 59 Vict. 1

c. 16.

Finance Act, 1895 -

S. 12 excluded -

10, s. 55 (1) (B).

59 & 60 Vict.:

e. !

Local Government

(Elections) Act,

1896.

Act as to boards of guardians repealed.

14, s. 245, seh.

11 .

* S. 1 of 17 & 18 Geo. 5. e. 13 takes effect April 1, 1928. See S.R. & O. 1927,

No. 1070.

XX

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 A 18 Geo. 5.

59 & 60 Vict.:

c. 16

Agricultural Rates

Act, 1896.

Saved

14, s. 191 (1).

c. 36

Locomotives on

Highways Act,

1896.

S. 2, &c., repealed (E. S.)

(April 22, 1928).

37, ss. 11, 16 (2)

(3), sch.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 29.

Poor Law Act, 1897

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, srh.

11 .

61 & 62 Vict.:

c. 10

Finance Act, 1898

S. 12 prosp. amended

10, s. 54.

c. 19

Poor Law Unions

Association (Expenses) Act, 1898.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11 .

e. 27

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1898.

S. 1 (1) as to tobacco repealed.

20, s. 17 (2),

sch. 4.

c. 29

Locomotives Act,

1898.

r. as to lighting of vehicles

(see s. 5 (3), &c.) (April 22,

1928).

37, ss. 11, 16(2),

sch.

c. 45

Metropolitan Poor

Act, 1898.

Repealed ....

14, s. 245, sch.

11 .

c. 60

Inebriates Act,

1898.

S. 22 repealed -

14, s. 245, sch.

11 .

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 14

London Government Act, 1899.

S. 11 (2) applied

14, s. 191 (2).

c. 37

Poor Law Act, 1899

Repealed ... -

14, s. 245, sch.

11 .

e. 39

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1899.

1

Repealed ....

20, s. 17 (2),

sch. 4.

63 & 64 Vict.:

c. 7

Finance Act, I960

S. 12 (2), except as to

deaths before April 19,

1907, repealed.

10, ss. 51, 57 (6),

sch. 6 pt. II.

c. 16

District Councillors

and Guardians

(Term of Office)

Act, 1900.

Act repealed as to boards

of guardians.

14, s. 245, sch.

11 .

c. 51

Monevlenders Act,

1900.

Extended, ss. 2, 3, 6 (<r)

" registration under, " re- !

pealed, s. 1 am. and saved, j

6 (a) excluded.

21, ss. 3, 10,

13 (2), 19 (2)

(3) (4), sch. 2.

e. 52

Naval Reserve Act,

1900.

S. 1 (2) (u) (b) substituted -

18, s. 2.

1 Edw. 7:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1901.

j

Repealed -

42 (S.L.R.).

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xxi

Statute and

Chapter.

1 Edw. 7:

a. 2

c. 3

c. 4

c. 6

c. 7

o. 8 ■

e. 9

c. 12

e. 16

e. 17

e. 19

e. 21

c. 22

c. 23

e. 26

c. 27

c. 28

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Army (Annual)

Act, 1901. !

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, sch.

repealed.

Purchase of Land

(Ireland) Act,

1901.

Title from " and subsection

(2) " repealed.

Civil List Act, 1901

S. 5, sehs. I and 2 repealed

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1901.

Repealed ... -

Finance Act, 1901

Title " and the National

Debt, " preamble, ss. 1,

2 (1), 4, 5 (1) in pt., 6,

10 (4) from " and section

twenty, " 12, 14, sehs. 1-3

repealed.

Isolation Hospitals

Act, 1901.

S. 4 (2) repealed

Education (Scotland) Act, 1901.

Ss. 2 from "Provided that, "

4, 5, seh. repealed.

Loan Act, 1901

Repealed -

National Gallery

(Purchase of Adjacent Land) Act,

1901.

Ss. 2, 3, 4 (2), 6, 7, 8 (2)

repealed.

Lunacy (Ireland)

Act, 1901.

S. 3 (3) repealed

Public Libraries

Act, 1901.

Title from " and to regulate, " s. 14, sch. repealed.

Appropriation Act,

1901.

Repealed ....

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Ss. 62 from " unless lawfully, " 161-2, sells. 6 and

7, Part I, and prosp.

s. 159 (1) (6) (7), repealed.

Marriages Legalization Act, 1901.

Preamble repealed

Births and Deaths

Registration Act,

1901.

S. 1 (1) from "provided

that, " (3) and sch. repealed.

Intoxicating

Liquors (Sale to

Children) Act,

1901.

Ss. 1, 7 repealed

Local Government

(Ireland) Act,

1901.

Ss. 1 (1) from "and subsection (3), " I (2) and 3

repealed.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

M2 (S.L.R.);

XXII

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

1 Edw. 7:

c. 31

Pacific Cable Act,

1901.

Repealed, annuities saved -

9, s. 9 (2) (3),

sch. 3.

c. 32

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1901.

Repealed -

c. 33

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1901.

Repealed -

c. 35

Public Works

Loans Act, 1901.

Repealed -

c. 37

Valuation (Ireland)

Act, 1901.

Repealed ... -

c. 38

Fisheries (Ireland)

Act, 1901.

S 1 1 (6) repealed

c. 39

Naval Works Act,

1901.

Repealed -

c. 40

Military Works

Act, 1901.

Repealed ... -

2 Edw. 7:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1902.

Repealed ....

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1902.

Repealed ... -

c. 4

Loan Act, 1902

Repealed ....

► 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 5

Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1902.

S. 1 from " shall have

effect " to " section as

amended ’* repealed.

c. 7

Finance Act, 1902 -

Preamble, ss. 2-1, 10 repealed.

c. 8

Cremation Act.

1902.

Ss. 3 from " The expression

" Secretary of State

and 15 repealed.

c. 9

Prison Officers

(Pensions) Act,

1902.

Repealed -

c. 15

Musical (Summary

Proceedings)

Copyright Act,

1902.

S. 4 from " and shall come "

to " hundred and two "

repealed.

e. 17

Midwives Act, 1902

Ss. 1 (1) to " hundred and

five, " 2, 3 in pt., 8 in pt.,

19 except short title repealed.

e. 20

Public Libraries

(Ireland) Act,

1902.

S. 8 (2) repealed

A.D. 1927. Effect of Legislation.

xxiii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

2 Edw. 7:

c. 21

c. 22

e. 23

c. 26

o. 27

c. 28

c. 29

c. 30

e. 32

c. 33

e. 35

o. 38

e. 40

c. 41

3 Edw.

e. 3

Shop Clubs Aet,

1902.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1902.

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1902.

PacifieCable(Amdt.)

Act, 1902.

Appropriation Act,

1902.

Licensing Act, 1902

Freshwater Fish

(Scotland) Act,

1902.

Appropriation (No.

2) Act, 1902.

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1902.

Agriculture and

Technical Instruction (Ireland) (No. 2)

Act, 1902.

Electric Lighting

(Scotland) Act,

1902.

Local Government

(Ireland) Act,

1902.

Uganda Railway

Act, 1902.

Metropolis Water

Act, 1902.

Light Locomotives

(Ireland) Act,

1903.

S. 8 repealed

Repealed -

Repealed -

Repealed -

Repealed -

Title from " and to provide, " ss. 22, 33, 34 (3),

sch. repealed.

Ss. 1 " From and after the

passing of this Act " and

4 repealed.

Repealed -

Repealed -

Repealed -

S. 2 repealed -

Ss. 4 from " or where any

such debt, " 6, 6, 8, 9, 13,

22 (2) repealed.

S. 1 (2) repealed

Ss. 2 (3), 6, 15 (7) to "appointed day, " 17 (1) " not

exceeding £3, " 23, 25 (3)

from " and a copy, " (5),

29, 37 in pt., 38, 40-4,

47 (6) (9) and in pt. (7),

48-9, 51-3, sch. 3, paras.

3 and 28, and schs. 4 and

5 repealed.

Repealed -

Repealed

>42 (S.L.R.).

9, s. 9, sch. 3.

f42J(S.L.R.).

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1903.

XXIV

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and Subject or

Chapter. Short Title.

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo.

5.

3 Edw. 7:

c. 4 - Army (Annual) Repealed - •

Act, 1903.

c. 5 - Berwickshire S. 2 repealed ...

County Town

Act, 1903.

c. 6 - Naval Forces Act, S. 5 from " and in s. 1 of

1903. the Royal Naval " re-

peaIed ‘ »42 (S.L.R.).

c. 8 - Finance Act, 1903 Title in pt., preamble,

ss. 1—5, 7 except short

title, sch. 2 repealed.

c. 9 - County Councils Ss. 1 (5), 3 (2) repealed

(Bills in Parliament) Act, 1903.

c. 14 - Borough Funds Ss. 7 (1), 10, 12 (2), sch. 2

Act, 1903. repealed.

c. 19 - Poor Law (Dissolu- Repealed - - 14, 8. 245, sch.

tion of School Dis- 11.

tricts and Adjustments) Act, 1903.

o. 20 - Patriotic Fund Re- Ss. 4, 5 (2), sch. 1, article 2

organisation Act, in pt., bcIi. 2 repealed.

1903.

c. 21 - Sugar Convention Repealed -

Act, 1903. , -42 (S.L.R.).

c. 22 - Naval Works Act, Repealed -

1903.

c. 23 - Ireland Develop- Repealed - -

ment Grant Act,

1903.

c. 25 - Licensing (Scot- S. 27 (3) applied - - 21, ss. 2, 18 (a)-

land) Act, 1903. (c).

In s. 7 (1) (2) the words of 42 (S.L.R.).

commencement, ss. 10 (2)

in pt., 27 (1), 109, schs. 2,

7 and 12, Part I, repealed.

c. 26 - Marriage Legaliza- Preamble repealed

tion Act, 1903.

e. 27 - South African Loan Title from "and to pro-

and War Contri- vide, " s. 2 repealed,

bution Act, 1903.

e. 28 - Public Works Loans Repealed - >42 (S.L.R.).

Act, 1903.

e. 29 - Military Works Act, Repealed -

1903.

c. 30 - Railways (Electrical S. 6 (4) repealed

Power) Act, 1903.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xxv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

3 Edw. 7:

c. 31

Board of Agriculture and Fisheries

Act, 1903.

S. 3 (1) from " and except

so far, " (2) except short

title, seh., Pts. I and II,

repealed.

1

-42 (S.L.R.).

e. 32

Appropriation Act,

1903.

Repealed ... -

c. 33

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903.

S. 50 repealed (April 22,

1928).

Ss. 98 (4) in pt., 102, 104(1)

to " repealed and, " sch.

column No. I, and in title 1

of sch. " repealed or " repealed.

37, ss. 11, 10 (2),

sch.

42 (S.L.R.).

e. 34 - j

Town Councils

(Scotland) Act,

1903.

Preamble, s. 0 from " and

the words " repealed.

, c. 35

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1903.

Repealed ... -

c. 36 - j

i

Motor Car Act, 1903

Ss. 9 (1) to " repealed but, "

20 (2), 21 repealed.

0. 37

Irish Land Act,

1903.

Ss. 23 (7), 38, 54 (3), 85-6,

102-3, sch. repealed.

c. 38

Poor Prisoners’ Defence Act, 1903.

S. 5, except short title, repealed.

c. 40

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1903.

Repealed ....

e. 41

Public Buildings

Expenses Act,

1903.

Repealed ....

>42 (S.L.R.).

c. 42

County Courts Act,

1903.

S. 2 repealed

c. 44

General Dealers

(Ireland) Act,

1903.

S. 14 repealed -

e. 45 - |

Employment of

Children Act,

1903.

Ss. 2 (2), 14 (1) (8), 17

repealed.

e. 46

Revenue Act, 1903

Ss. 9, 16 (2), 17 except

short title, sch. repealed.

4 Edw. 7:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1904.

Repealed ....

c. 2

Metropolitan Im-

provements

(Funds) Act, 1904.

Repealed -

XXVI

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. o.

Statute and

Chapter. 1

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & IK Geo. 5.

4 Edw 7:

e. 3

Telegraph (Money)

Act, 1904.

Repealed - - |

o. 5

Army (Annual)

Act, 1904.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 8, 9, sch.

repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 6 - i

Hall-marking of

Foreign Plate

Act, 1904.

Ss. 3, 4 (1) repealed - - 1

i

c. 7 - |

1

Finance Act, 1904

Sch. (provisions affecting

allowance of tobacco

drawback) applied.

Title in pt., preamble, ss. 1,

3 (2) in pt., 4, 5, 7, 10

repealed.

10, s. 7 (3).

42 (S.L R.).

c. 8 ]

Savings Banks Act,

1904.

Ss. 1 to " this Act, " 8, 10,

15 and sch. repealed.

c. 9

Registration of

Clubs (Ireland)

Act, 1904.

Ss. 3 (7), 14 from "and!

shall come " repealed. !

o. 13

London Electric

Lighting Areas

Act, 1904.

Preamble, s. 6 (1) repealed

-42 (S.L.R.).

o. 15

Prevention of

Cruelty to Children Act, 1904.

Ss. 27, 33 except short title,

repealed.

c. 17

Appropriation Act,

1904.

Repealed -

c. 20

Poor Law Authorities (Transfer of

Property) Act,

1904.

Repealed -

14, s. 245, sell.

II.

o. 22

Cunard Agreement

(Money) Act, 1904.

Repealed -

42 (S.L.R.).

o. 25

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1904.

Repealed -

20, s. 17 (2),

sch. 4.

c. 28

Weights and Measures Act, 1904.

Ss. 4, 5 (5), 8 (2) in pt.,

(3) in pt. and (4) in pt.,

9 from " and as from " to

" that schedule, " sch. repealed.

► 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 29

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1904.

, Repealed -

c. 32

i

Outdoor Relief

(Friendly Societies) Act, 1904.

Repealed - -

I

i

1 14, s. 245, sch.

i U -

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xxvi

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 (ieo. r>.

4 Edw. 7:

e. 35

Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1904.

S. 1 (2) repealed

i

' i

c. 36

i

Public Works Loans

Act, 1904.

Ss. 1, 2, 4, seh. repealed -

i

5 Edw. 7:j

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1905.

Repealed -

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1905.

Repealed -

c. 4

Finance Act, 1905

Title in pt., Act so far as

unrepealed, except ss. 5 (1)

and 8 (3), repealed.

o. 5 - j

Mr. Speaker’s Retirement Act,

1905.

Repealed -

e. 6

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1905.

Repealed -

o. 7

War Stores (Commission) Act,

1905.

Repealed -

► 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 10

Shipowners’ Negligence (Remedies)

Act, 1905.

S. 2 except short title repealed.

c. 11

Railway Fires Act,

1905.

S. 5 except short title repealed.

c. 12

Churches (Scotland!

Act, 1905.

Ss. 2 (4), 3, 6 (2), sch. 2 repealed.

c. 15

Trade Marks Act,

1905.

S. 73 and sch. repealed

e. 16

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1905.

Repealed -

c. 17

Appropriation Act,

1905.

Repealed -

c.; i8 - .

c/20

Unemployed W ork-

men Act, 1905.

Naval Works Act,

1905.

Ss. 5 (8), 6 (5), 8 repealed -

Repealed ....

c. 21

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1905.

Repealed ....

c. 22

Public Works Loans

Act, 1905.

Repealed . .

i

XXV1U

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. o.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

0 Edw. 7:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1906.

Repealed - -

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1906.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 4 (3) (4)

"section fifty-two, " (6),

9, seh. repealed.

o. 3

Seed Potatoes

Supply (Ireland)

Act, 1906.

Repealed -

c. 6

Metropolitan Police

(Commission) Act,

1906.

Repealed -

c. 8

Finance Act, 1906

Title from " to grant " to

" duties and " and from

" and Inland Revenue

and, " preamble, ss. 1,

3-6, 7 (1), 8 (1) (2) from

" and so far " to " those

duties, " sch. 2 repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 9

Indian Railways

Act Amendment

Act, 1906.

Repealed -

I

c. 11

Reserve Forces Ac t,

1906.

S. 2 repealed

c. 14

Alkali, &c., Works

Regulation Act,

1906.

Ss. 26, 27 (1) definition of

" Local Government

Board, " 30 to " Provided

that " and proviso (c), 31

except short title, sch. 2

repealed.

c. 15

Extradition Act,

1906.

Preamble repealed -

c. 1R

Justices of the

Peace Act, 1906.

S. 5 (2) and sch. repealed -

c. 18 - !

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1906.

Repealed ... -

J

c. 20

Revenue Act, 1906

S. 1 " spirits " extended,

s. 1 (2) to " alcohol but"

and (3) repealed.

Ss. 12, 13 except short title

repealed.

10, ss. 15 (1) (3),

57 (6), sch. 6,

pt. II.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 21

Ground Game

(Amendment)

Act, 1906.

S. 4 repealed ...

c. 23

Charitable Loan

Societies (Ireland) Act, 1906.

Ss. 1-3 repealed

1

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 25

Open Spaces Act,

1906.

Ss. 23 to " Provided that, "

24, sch. repealed.

I

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xxix

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

6 Edw. 7:

a. 26

Appropriation Act,

I960.

Repealed -

42 (S.L.R.).

e. 28

Crown Lands Act,

1906.

S. 4 repealed

23, s. 26 (2), sch.

c. 29

Public Works

Loans Act, 1906.

Repealed -

j

c. 30

Colonial Marriages

(Deceased Wife’s

Sister) Act, 1906.

Repealed -

J

>42 (S.L.R.).

1

c. 32

Dogs Act, 1906

S. 5 amended -

Ss. 8 para, (d), 10, 11 except short title, sch. repealed.

35, s. 18.

42 (S.L.R.).

<•. 34

Prevention of Corruption Act, 1906.

S. 4 except short title repealed.

. c. 37

Labourers (Ireland)

Act, 1906.

Ss. 13, 14, 15, 17, 26, 33, 37,

38, sch. repealed.

r. 38

Statute Law Revision (Scotland)

Act, 1906.

Sch. repealed ...

>42 (S.L.R.).

e. 41

Marine Insurance

Act, 1906.

Ss. 92, 93, sch. 2 repealed -

c. 45

Removal of Offensive Matter Act,

1906.

Repealed -

c. 4G •

Recorders, Stipendiary Magistrates,

and Clerks of the

Peace Act, 1906.

S. 2 except short title repealed.

o. 47

Trade Disputes

Act, 1906.

Excluded -

Ss. 2 (2), 6 (3) from " and

in section three " repealed.

22, ss. 1 (4',

2(2).

42 (S.L.R.),

e. 48

Merchant Shipping

Act, 1906.

In ss. 1, 4 the words "after

the appointed day, " 3(1)

(2) (3) the words "After

" the first day of October

" one thousand nine hun-

" dred and seven, " (4)

the words "after the date

aforesaid, " 5, 10 (7), 12

to " hundred and seven, "

25 (1) from " if the agreement " to " hundred and

seven, " 27 (1) to "hundred and eight, " 82 (3) to

" sheriff and ", (4), 85,

86 (2), sch. 2 repealed.

42 (S.L.R.).

XXX

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 16 Geo. 5.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 49

Census of Production Act, 1906.

S. 1 repealed

1

c. 50

National Galleries

of Scotland Act,

1906.

Ss. 4 (2), 5, 9, sch. repealed

c. 51 -|

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1906.

Repealed - - j

c. 52

Land Tax Commissioners Act,

1906.

S. 2 to " provided that, "

sch. repealed.

c/53

Notices of Accidents Act, 1906.

S. 7 except short title, sch.

repealed.

c. 54

Town Tenants (Ireland) Act, 1906.

S. 20 repealed -

1

c. 55

Public Trustee Act,

1906.

1

S. 16 repealed - |

c/58

Workmen’s Compensation Act,

1906.

S. 11 repealed -

>42 (S.L.R.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1907.

Repealed -

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1907.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 6, 7, 9 (2),

10 (1) para, (c), (2) para.

(6), from " the words

‘ not' " to " repealed

and, " (5), sch. 1, Pts. I, !

11 of sch. 3 so far as

modifying ss. 62, 64—8,

131, 133 of Army Act and

Pt. Ill repealed.

c. 6 *

Telegraph (Money)

Act, 1907.

Repealed ... -

c. 9 •

e. 10

Territorial and Reserve Forces Act,

1907.

Employment of

Women Act, 1907.

Ss. I (6), 32 (3) repealed -

Repealed -

o. 13

Finance Act, 1907 -

S. 16 repealed (with saving) 1

as to deaths after July 29,

1927.

Preamble, ss. 1-3, 6, 11, 18,

29, 30 (1) (2) from "Part

V, " sch. 3 repealed.

10, s. 51.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 14

Released Persons

(Poor Law Relief)

Act, 19(17.

Repealed ...»

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

A .1). 11*27.

Effect of Legislation.

XXXI

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 cV 18 Geo. *">,

7 Edw. 7:

o. 17

Probation of

Offenders Act,

1907.

Ss. 8 para. (4) from " the

Secretary for Scotland "

to " the Secretary of

State, " 10 except short

title, sch. repealed.

1

c. 19

Prisons (Ireland)

Act, 1907.

S. 3 repealpd ...

c. 20

Appropriation Act,

1907.

Repealed -

c. 21

Butter and Margarine Aet, 1907.

Ss. 1 (3) from "Provided

that, " 2 (6), 14 (2) repealed.

e. 23

Criminal Appeal

Aet, 1907.

Ss. 1(1) the word "eight, "

and from " appointed "

to " in each case, " 2 from

" shall be appointed " to

" Division and " and from

" The senior Master " to

end of section, 22, 23 (3),

sch. repealed.

.42 (S.L.R.l.

c. 24

Limited Partnerships Act, 1907.

Ss. 2, 4 (1) the words

" From and after the com-1

" mencement of this Act, "

repealed.

o. 2(5

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1907.

Repealed - - ,

c. 27

Advertisements Regulation Act,

1907.

S. 6 para. (1) repealed

c. 20

Patents and Designs Act, 1907.

Ss. 98 (1) to "Provided

that, " 99 except short

title, sch. 2 repealed.

c. 31

Vaccination Act,

1907.

Ss. 2, 3(1) repealed -

c. 32

Public Health (Regulations as to

Food) Act, 1907.

Extended -

r

e. 33

o. 34

Qualification of

Women (County

and Borough

Councils) Act,

1907.

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1907.

S. 1 (2) repealed

Repealed ....

-42 (S.L.R, ).

c. 3fi

Public Works Loans

Act, 1907.

Ss. 1, 2, 4, 6, 8 from " and j

the words, " 9, schs. 1 and •

2 repealed.

Rr

XXX11

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

(’luiptrr of

17 tSi 18 Caco. 5.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 39

Factory and Workshop Act, 1907.

S. 7 (2) (3) repealed -

' I

c. 41

Whale Fisheries

(Scotland) Act,

1907.

S. 9 (1) from " and shall "

repealed.

c. 42

Sea Fisheries (Scotland) Application

of Penalties Act,

1907.

S. 1 to " hundred and

eight " repealed.

► 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 43

Education (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1907.

Ss. 16 (1) to "provided

that, " (4) (5), 17 (1), sch.

repealed.

c. 44

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1907.

Repealed -

e. 45

Lights on Vehicles

Act, 1907.

Repealed (E.) (April 22,

1928).

S. 9 repealed

37, s. 11, 16

(2) (3), sch.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 48

Qualification of

Women (County

and Town Councils) (Scotland)

Act, 1907.

Ss. 1 (2), 2 the words "and

provost " repealed.

-N

I

U 2 (S.L.R.).

o. 49

Vaccination (Scotland) Act, 1907.

S. 1 (6) repealed

j

c. 51 - j

Sheriff Courts

(Scotland) Act,

1007.

Ss. 22-4 repealed prosp. -

Ss. 2, 22 to " passing of this Act, " 44, to " enacted

that, " 52, sch. 2 repealed.

35, ss. 23, 24

(1), sch.

42 (S.L.K.).

c. 53

Public Health Acts

Amendment Act,

1907.

S. 2 (5) repealed

1

c. 55

London Cab and

Stage Carriage

Act, 1907.

Ss. 2 (5), 6 (2) from " and

section " to end of subsection repealed.

c. 56

1

Evicted Tenants

(Ireland) Act,

1907.

Ss. 1, 2, 4, 5, 7-10, 13, 15,

16 (2), 19 repealed.

► 42 (S.L.R.).

8 Edw. 7:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1908.

Repealed -

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1908.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, sch.

repealed.

c. 3

Prosecution o!

Offences Act,

1908.

Ss. 1 (1) to " this Act and, "

2 (2) (5), 3 (1), sch. repealed.

J

A.D. 1927. Effect of Legislation.

xxxiii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 8

Post Office Savings

Bank Act, 1908.

S. 1 (2) repealed

•i

c*. 9

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1908.

Repealed -

c. 15

Costs in Criminal

Cases Act, 1908.

S. 10 (1) to "Provided

that, " (2), sch. repealed.

c. 16

Finance Act, 1908

Preamble, ss. 1, 2, 5, 7,

10 (1) from " Part II " to

" 1891, " sch. repealed.

o. 18

c. 1!)

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1908.

Seed Potatoes and

Seed Oats Supply

(Ireland) Act,

1908.

Repealed -

Repealed ... -

j

► 12 (S.L.R.).

e. 20

University of Durham Act, 1908.

Ss. 1, 2, 5 repealed -

c. 22

Evicted Tenants

(Ireland) Act,

1908.

Repealed ....

c. 28

Public Works

Loans Act, 1908.

Ss. 1-5, sch. repealed

o. 26

Naval Marriages

Act, 1908.

S. 6 except short title repealed.

<•. 27

Married Women’s

Property Act,

1908.

Repealed ....

14, s. 215, sch,

11.

v. 30

Appropriation Act,

1908.

Repealed ....

e. 31

V\ hale Fisheries

(Ireland) Act,

1908.

S. 10 (1), from kt and shall "

to " and nine, " regaled.

c. 32

Friendly Societies 1

Act, 1908.

Ss. 2 (1) from " and accordingly, " 14 (2) repealed.

o. 34

Bee Pest Prevention (Ireland) Act,

1908.

Ss. 8 from " Section one, "

13 from " and shall " repealed.

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 36

Smell Holdings and

Allotments Act,

1908.

Ss. 62 to " Provided that, "

63 (2), sch. 3 repealed.

o. 37

Coroners (Ireland)

Act, 1908.

S. 2, sch. repealed

c. 38

Irish Universities

Act, 1908.

Ss. 4 (2), 6, 21 except short

title, sells. 2, 4 repealed.

1

J

Rr 2

XXXIV

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 39

Endowed Schools

(Masters) Act,

1908.

S. 2 repealed

c. 40

Old Age Pensions

Act, 1908.

S. 12 except short title repealed.

c. 41

Assizes and Quarter

Sessions Act,

1908.

Title, the words "Assizes

and " wherever occurring, and from " and to

amend, " s. 4 after the

words " sessions is held, "

the word " and " repealed.

c. 42

White Phosphorus

Matches Prohibition Act, 1908.

Ss. 2 from " but this provision, " 5 (1) except short

title repealed.

c. 45

Punishment of Incest Act, 1908.

S. 8 except short title repealed.

e. 46

Criminal Appeal

(Amendment)

Act, 1908.

Ss. 1 to "Act. 1907, " 2 (1)

to " of this Act, " repealed.

c. 47

Lunacy Act, 1908 -

S. 1 the words "and sub-

" section (2) of the said

" section shall be re-

" pealed, " repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

e. 48

Post Office Act,

1908.

Ss. 92 to " Provided that, "

93, sch. 2 repealed.

c. 49

Statute Law Revision Act, 1908.

Sch. repealed ...

c. 50

Crofters Common

Grazings Regulation Act, 1908.

S. 3, sch. repealed •

c. 51

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1908.

Title from "and the Court, "

repealed.

c. 53

Law of Distress

Amendment Act,

1908.

Ss. 7, 8 from " as from

" the commencement "

repealed.

c. 65

Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908.

S. 8 except short title repealed.

c. 56

Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland)

Act, 1908.

S. 24 repealed ...

c. 57

Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908.

S. 8 (2) repealed

e. 58

Local Registration

of Title (Ireland)

Amendment Act,

1908.

Repealed -

J

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xxxv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 39

Prevention of

Crime Act, 1008.

S. 19 except short title repealed. j

-j

c. 60

Constabulary (Ireland) Act, 1008.

Repealed - -

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 61

Housing of the

Working Classes

(Ireland) Act-,

1908.

Ss. 4, 5, 6 (3), 14 para, (a),

17, regaled.

e. 02

Local Government

(Scotland) Act,

1908.

S. 25 (3) (4) repealed (April

22, 1928).

Ss. 6 (1), 12, 18, 31 to

" schedule and, " sch. repealed.

37, ss. 11, 16 (2),

•Si’ll.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 63

Education (Scotland) Act, 1908.

Ss. 26 to " effect but, " 35,

36, sch. 3 repealed.

1

Lt2 (S.L.R.).

e. 63

Summary Juris -

diction (Scotland)

Act. 1908.

Ss. 1 except short title, 3,

sch. A, repealed.

J

i

o. 67

Children Act, 1908

Ss. 36, 89 and 126 repealed

Ss. 1(61, 38 (3). 92, 111 (6),

112, 113, 132 (1) from

" but this substitution, "

134 except short title,

sch. 3 repealed.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

42 (S.L.R.).

e. 69

Companies (Consolidation) Act,

1908.

Ss. 104 (5) para (a), 286, to

" Provided that, " 287,

sch. 6, pt. I, repealed.

Edw. 7;

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1909.

Repealed -

e. 2

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1909.

Repealed -

c. 3

Army (Annual)

Act, 1909.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 5 (1),

9 (1), 10 (2) from ‘‘and

the words " to end of

subsection, (3), sch. 1,

pt. II of sch. 2, so far as

modifying ss. 59, 64, 67

of Army Act. repealed.

.42 (S.T.R.).

c. 5

Appropriation Act,

1909.

Repealed ....

c. 6

Public Works

Loans Act, 1909.

Repealed ....

c. 7

Labour Exchanges

Act, 1909.

S. 1 (4) from "after the"

to " this Act " repealed.

XXXVI

Effect of Legislation. 17 & IS Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 8

Trawling in Prohibited Areas

Prevention Act,

1909.

S. 1 to " passing of this Act " repealed.

c. 21

Irish Handloom

Weavers Act,

1909.

S. 4 except short title repealed.

c. 22

Trade Boards Act,

1909.

S. 22 (2) repealed

c. 23

Board of Trade

Act, 1909.

S. 1(1) to " repealed and, "

(2) repealed.

c. 25

Fisheries (Ireland)

Act. 1909.

S. 3, sch. repealed

c. 30

Cinematograph

Act, 1909.

Ss. 8 para. (1), 10 except

short title repealed.

c. 31

Weeds and Agricultural Seeds

(Ireland) Act,

1909.

S. 10 from " and shall " to

" and ten " repealed.

o. 34

Electric Lighting

Act, 1909.

S. 14 (2) repealed

c. 35

Police (Liverpool

Inquiry) Act,

1909.

Repealed ....

c. 39

Oaths Act, 1909 -

S. 4 (1) repealed

c. 40

Police Act, 1909 •

S. 4 (2) repealed

c. 41

Naval Discipline

Act, 1909.

S. 3 except short title repealed.

c. 42

Irish Land Act,

1909.

Ss. 6 (3), 16, 20 (1) from

" and the consent, " 29(3),

38 (5), 67, 70, sch. 2, repealed.

c. 43

Revenue Act, 1909

Ss. 3, 4(1), 7, 11(2), 12(2),

sch. repealed.

c. 44

Housing, Town

Planning, &c..

Act, 1909.

Title from " to amend " to

" schemes and, " s. 69 (4).

the words "clerk or"

repealed.

c. 45

Isle of Man (Customs) Art, 1909.

S. 2 as to tobacco repealed

Ss. 1, 2 (2) repealed -

e. 40

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1909.

Repealed -

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

U2 (S.L.R.).

20, s. 17 2) ,

sch. 4.

42 (S.L.R.).

42 (S.L.R.).

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

XXXV11

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

Short. Title.

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 47

j Development and

Road Improvement Funds Act,

1909.

Ss. 1(1), paras. (i>) (f) and

the words as to light

railways in para, (d),

19 (1) proviso \o) repealed.

c. 48

Asylum Officers ’

Superannuation

Act, 1909.

S. 20 (1) to " this qualification that, " sch. repealed.

e. 49

Assurance Companies Act, 1909.

Ss. 37 to " Provided that, "

38 except short title,

sch. 9 repealed.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 6:

c. 1

Treasury (Temporary Borrowing)

Act, 1910.

Repealed ....

c. 2

War Loan (Redemption) Act,

1910.

Repealed *

c. 4

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1910.

Repealed -

c. 0

Army (Annual)

Act, 1910.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 4, from

" and subsection (4), "

sch. repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 8

Finance (1909 -10)

Act, 1910.

Preamble, ss. 42 para. (4),

48 (I) from " in the

month of July " to " ten

and, " and the word "subsequent "; (3) (4) from

" the first day of September" to " ten and, " and

the word " subsequent, "

51 (2), 53, 65, 80, 83 (1)

(2) to " Scotland and, "

(3), 95, 96 (1) (4), schs. 4, '

6, repealed.

c. 9

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1910.

Repealed •

e. 11

Census (Ireland)

Act, 1910.

Repealed -

a. 13

Police (Weekly

Rest-Day) Act,

1910.

S. 1 (1) from " as respects "

to " in force, " (2) repealed.

e. 14

Appropriation Act,

1910.

Repealed -

i

c. 15

Mines Accidents

(Rescue and Aid)

Act, 1910.

Ss. 2 (6) from " section

thirty-three " to "1887

and, " 3 (1) from "the

Coal Mines " to " 1908

or " repealed.

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

XXXYlll

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

lOEdw. 7&

1 Geo. 6:

c. 16

Duke of York’s

School (Chapel)

Act, 1910.

Repealed ....

' I

o. 17

County Common

Juries Act, 1910.

S. 1 (1) repealed

c. 18

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1910.

S. 1 repealed ...

o. 19

Municipal Corporations Amendment Act, 1910.

S. 1 (2) repealed

c. 20

Diseases of Animate

Act, 1910.

S. 8 (1) repealed

c. 21

Public Works

Loans Act, 1910.

Ss. 1-4, sch. repealed

o. 24

Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910.

Ss. 36 para. (1) from " being

persons " to " seventy-

two, " 112 to "Provided

that, " 113 (2), sch. 7 repealed.

o. 26

Regency Act, 1910

Repealed ....

o. 27

Census (Great

Britain) Act,

1910.

Repealed ....

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 31

Jury Trials Amendment (Scotland)

Act, 1910.

S. 1 repealed

c. 32

Registration of

Births, Deaths and

Marriages (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1910.

S. 2 (2) repealed

c. 35

Finance Act, 1910

Title in pt, preamble, ss. 1,

2 from " and the words, "

3, 4, 5 (1) from " so far as

" it relates to duties of

" Customs " to " that

Act and, " and from

" Part II of, " repealed.

c. 36

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1910.

Repealed -

<•. 38

Appropriation (No.

2) Act, 1910.

Repealed -

1 2 Geo.5:

e. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, mi.

Repealed ... -

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xxxix

[Statute and Subject or

Chapter. Short Title.

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

e. 2 - Revenue Act, 1911

e. 3 - Army (Annual)

Act, 1911.

c. 5 - Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1911.

o. 6 - Perjury Act, 1911

e. 14 - Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1911.

c. 15 - Appropriation Act,

1911.

c. 16 - Old Age Pensions

Act, 1911.

c.17 - Public Works

Loans Act, 1911.

c. 19 Labourers (Ireland)

Act, 1911.

c. 20 - Geneva Convention

Act, 1911.

c. 22 - Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1911.

c. 23 - National Gallery

and St. James’s

Park Act, 1911.

c. 24 - Pensions (Gover-

norsof Dominions,

&c.) Act, 1911.

c. 26 - Telephone Transfer

Act, 1911.

c. 27 - Protection of Animals Act, 1911.

c. 28 - Official Secrets Act,

1911.

c. 29 - Parsonages Act,

1911.

c/32 - Education (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1911.

tt a: ., Chapter of

How affected. 17 & Geo _

Ss. 8 (3) from " and that

subsection ", (4), 9, 16

from " but not beyond, "

19, 20 (1) and para. 3 of

(2), sch. repealed.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, sch. repealed.

Repealed -

Ss. 17, 19 except short title,

sch. repealed.

Repealed - -

Repealed

Ss. 2 (1) para, (c) from "in

a case " to " fifty

pounds, " 9 (1), sch. repealed. >42 (S.L.R.).

Ss. 1-3, sch. repealed

Ss. 3, 6 (3) repealed -

S. 1 (3) repealed

Repealed -

Preamble repealed

S. 12 (2) except proviso (a),

sch. repealed.

S. 8 repealed

S. 8 proviso substituted 27.

(E).

Ss. 18, 19 except short title, 42 (S.L.R.).

sch. 2 repealed.

S. 13 except short title repealed.

S. 3 repealed - - >42 (S.L.R.).

S. 5 from " and those

Acts " repealed.

xl

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Oo. 5.

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

e. 33

Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1911.

Ss. 4 (2), 6 (1) to "effect

and, " 7, 8 (1), seh. 2 repealed.

1

c. 34

Railway Companies

(Accounts and

Returns) Act,

1911.

S. 7 except short title,

seh. 2 repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 35

Local Authorities

(Ireland) (Qualification of Women)

Act, 1911.

S. 1 (2) repealed

c. 36

Pacific Cable Act,

1911.

Repealed -

9, s. 9 (2) (3),

sch. 3.

c. 37

Conveyancing Act,

1911.

Ss. 7 (3), 14 repealed

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 38

Moneylenders Act,

1911.

Repealed (except as to

N.I.), s. 1 saved.

21, s. 19 (3) (4),

sch. 2.

o. 40

Lunacy Act, 1911 -

Repealed ....

c. 44

Military Manoeuvres Act, 1911.

S. 5 from " and the words "

repealed.

e. 45

Public Roads (Ireland) Act, 1911.

Ss. 3 (2), 4 (6), 5 (2) re-

pealed.

c. 46

Copyright Act,

1911.

S. 36, sch. 2 repealed

c. 48

Finance Act, 1911

Preamble, ss. 1, 6 (3) from

" except that, " 14, 16 (2)

so far as unrepealed,

22 (1), (2) para. 3, sch.

repealed.

>42 (S.L.R.).

c. 49

Small Landholders

(Scotland) Act,

1911.

Ss. 16 (2) to " provided

that, " 24 (4) from " The

" words not being, " 30,

38, 39 to " Provided

that, " sch. 2 repealed.

c. 50

Coal Mines Act,

1911.

Ss. 4 (1), to " and thirteen, "

15 (1) from "after the

first day " to " and thirteen, " 31 (3) to " inspec-

" tor of the division, " 33

from " after the first " to

" and thirteen, " 40 (2)

from " and shall come, "

43 (1) to " and fourteen, "

(3) from " The provisions

of this, " 57 (3) to " date

and, " 91 from " Nothing

" in this section", 123

para, (a) 126 to "Provided that, " and paras.(6)

and (c), 127 (2), sell. 4

repealed.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xli

.Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. o.

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 51

Burgh Police (Scot-

land) Amendment Act, 1911.

Preamble, ss. 1 (3), 4 repealed.

i

i

e. 52

Rag Flock Act,

1911.

S. 2 except short title repealed.

c. 53

House Letting and

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1911.

Ss. 7 (7), the words "sub-

" section (6) of section

" nine of the Representa-

" tion of the People Act,

" 1884, " and the words

" and three hundred and

" forty-six, " 11, the words

" from and after the

" fifteenth day of May,

" nineteen hundred and

" twelve " repealed.

c. 55

National Insurance

Act, 1911.

S. 72 (5) repealed

e. 50

Telephone Transfer

Amendment Act,

1911.

Repealed ....

c. 57

Maritime Conventions Act, 1911.

Preamble, ss. 4 (1), 9 (2)

repealed.

e. 58

Resident Magistrates (Belfast)

Act, 1911.

S. 1 (5) repealed

►42 (S.L.R.).

2 & 3 Geo. 5:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1912.

Repealed ... -

c. 3

Shops Act, 1912 -

Ss. 20 from " The Secretary

for Scotland " to " Secretary of State, " 22 (2)

(3) to " Provided that "

repealed.

e. 4

Metropolitan Police

Act, 1912.

S. 1 except proviso (a) repealed.

c. 5

Army (Annual)

Act, 1912.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 5-7,

sch. repealed.

e. 7

Appropriation Act,

1912.

Repealed ... -

c. 8

Finance Act, 1912

Preamble, ss. 1, 5, 9 from

" and that paragraph, "

12, 13 (1) from "Part

II " repealed.

c. 0

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1912.

Repealed -

c. 11

Public Works Loans

Act, 1912.

Repealed -

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. o.

xlii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 1

2 & 3 Geo. 5:

c. 12

Elementary School

Teachers (Superannuation) Act,

1912.

Ss. 1(1) from " and in the

same subsection, " 3 from

" provided that " repealed.

c. 13

London Institution

(Transfer) Act,

1912.

Ss. 2 (1), 4, sch. repealed -

c. 14

Protection of Animals (Scotland)

Act, 1912.

Ss. 15, 16 (1) (2), sch. 2,

repealed.

c. 15

Marriages in Japan

(Validity) Act,

1912.

Preamble -

c. 16

Royal Scottish

Museum (Extension) Act, 1912.

Repealed -

c. 18

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1912.

Repealed ....

i

■ 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 20

Criminal Law

Amendment Act,

1912.

S. 8 repealed ...

c. 23

Clerks of Session

(Scotland) Regulation Act, 1913.

S. 1 to " principal clerk of

Session and " repealed.

o 25

Tuberculosis Prevention (Ireland)

Act, 1913.

Ss. 1 (3), 2 (2), 6 (1), sch.

repealed.

c. 27

Appropriation

(1912-3) Act,

1913.

Repealed ... -

o. 28

Sheriff Courts

(Scotland) Act,

1913.

Ss. 1, 5, 7 from " shall

come " to " thirteen and "

repealed.

c. 30

Trade Union Act,

1913.

Ss. 3 (1) from " and for the

exemption " to " objects

to contribute, " 4 (2), 5,

6 and sch. repealed, Act

extended and excluded.

22, ss. 2 (!

4(1) (3) (5),

(4), sch. 2.

o. 31

Pilotage Act, 1913

Ss. 3-5, 15 (2) (3), 59 to

" Provided that, " 60 to

" Provided that, " sch.

2, repealed.

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1913.

Repealed - -

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1913.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 5, 6,

schs. 1 and 2 repealed.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xliii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 3

Provisional Collection of Taxes Act,

1913.

1

S. 2 (2) repealed

i

c. 5;

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1913.

Repealed -

•42 (S.L.R.).

o. 7

Children (Employment Abroad)

Act, 1913.

S. 5 (2) repealed

i

c. 8

Crown Lands Act,

1913.

Repealed -

23, s. 26 (2), sch.

c. 15

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1913.

Repealed -

"I

c. 17

Fabrics (Misdescription) Act,

1913.

Ss. 7 para. (1), 9 except

short title, repealed

-42 (S.L.R.).

o. 18

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1913.

Repealed -

J

c. 20

Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

Am., s. 190 extonded

Amdt. by 10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 30. s. 26 (4) further

amended.

Ss. 191, 192, sch. 1, repealed

21, ss. 9, 18 (e).

30, s. 15, sch. 4.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 21

c. 22

Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1913.

Public Works Loans

Act, 1913.

Title, the words "Court of

" Appeal and the, " s. 3

(4) from " The enactments " to " schedule

and, " sch. repealed.

Repealed - -

-42 (S.L.R.).

o. 27

Forgery Act, 1913

Ss. 20, 22 except short title,

sch. repealed.

c. 28

Mental Deficiency

Act, 1913.

S. 69 repealed -

Ss. 1 substituted, 30 para,

(cc) and proviso (v), 44

(2a) added, 2 (1) (6) (i)

(2) (a) (b ), 4, 6 (3) (a), 8,

11, 21, 29, 30 proviso (i)

amended.

Ss. 22 (9), 25 (1) para. (/)

[the word " to, " 65 (2) (3),

67 (1), 72 (3) repealed.

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

33.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 30

Finance Act, 1913

Act repealed, so far as

unrepealed.

1

I

|=42 (S.L.R.).

o. 31

Industrial and Provident Societies

(Amendment)

Act, 1913.

Ss. 7, 12 from ‘'and shall

come, " sch. repealed.

J

1

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

xliv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 32

Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913.

S. 24 to " Provided that, "

sch. 2 repealed.

c. 33

Temperance (Scotland) Act, 1913.

Ss. 1, 6, 8 (6), 9 (4), 10 (2),

11 (2), 12 (3), 13 (2) repealed.

o. 34

Bankruptcy and

Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1913.

S. 42 (2) repealed

e. 35

Appropriation Act,

1913.

Repealed -

e. 38

Mental Deficiency

and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

Inss. 22 (1), 23 (1), 64 (1),

65(1) the words "As from

" the fifteenth day of

" May in the year nine-

" teen hundred and four-

" teen, " 66, 79, 80 (3),

sch. repealed.

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1914.

Preamble, ss. 2 and 3, sch.

repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 3

Grey Seals Protection Act, 1914.

S. 2 repealed

e 0

Affiliation Orders

Act, 1914.

S. 1 (4) (5) repealed -

c. 10

Finance Act, 1914

Title in pt, preamide, ss. 1,

2, 17, 18 to " as the

Income Tax Acts, " sch. 2

repealed.

c. 11

Postponement of

Payments Act,

1914.

Repealed -

c. 13

Prize Courts (Procedure) Act, 1914.

S. 1 (1) to " provided that, "

(2), sch. repealed.

c. 14

Currency and Bank

Notes Act, 1914.

Ss. 1 (6), 4 repealed -

c. 13

Exportation of

Horses Act, 1914.

S. 2 (2) repealed

c. 17

British Nationality

and Status of

Aliens Act, 1914.

Ss. 3 (2), 19 (3), 28 except

short title, sch. 3 repealed.

c. 18

Patents and Designs Act, 1914.

Preamble repealed -

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation,

xlv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 19

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1914.

Repealed -

c. 23

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1914.

Repealed -

c. 24

Appropriation Act,

19X4.

Repealed - -

c. 27

Patents, Designs

and Trade Marks

(Temporary

Rules) Act, 1914.

Repealed - -

c. 32

Labourers (Ireland)

Act, 1914.

S. 1 (2) repealed

e. 33

Public Works Loans

Act, 1914.

Act so far as unrepealed

repealed.

c. 37

Anglo-Persian Oil

Company (Acquisition of Capital) Act, 1914.

Repealed -

e. 42

Merchant Shipping

(Certificates) Act,

1914.

S. 1 (3) repealed

o. 4G

Milk and Dairies

(Scotland) Act,

1914.

Ss. 1 from " and shall

come, " 7 (11), 31 (1) to

" schedule and, " (2), sch.

repealed.

o. 47

Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914.

Ss. 26 (2), 31 (I) (2) (3).

32 (3), sch. repealed.

c. 48

Feudal Casualties

(Scotland) Act,

1914.

S. 24, sch. E. repealed

e. 52

Housing (No. 2)

Act, 1914.

Repealed ...

c. 54

Constabulary and

Police (Ireland)

Act, 1914.

Ss. 3 (3), 7, 8 except short

title, sch. 4 repealed.

c. 58

Criminal Justice

Administration

Act, 1914.

Ss. 10 (6), 15 (2), 42 para.

(1) to "Secretary of

State, " and para. (8) from

" from and after " to

" for Scotland, " 44 except

short title, sch. 4 repealed.

c. 59

Bankruptcy Act,

1914.

Am., ss. 132 extended, 66

(1) substituted (debts to

moneylenders).

Arndt, by 10 & 11 Geo. 5.

c. 30. s. 26 (4) further

amended.

Ss. 168 (1) (2), 169 (3),

sch. 6 repealed.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

U2 (S.L.R.)

21, s. 9.

30, s. 15, seh. 4.

42 (S.L.R.).

xlvi

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

JIow affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18. Geo. r>.

4 & 6 Geo. 5 *J

e. 60

War Loan Act,

1914.

Preamble repealed -

c. 61

Special Constables

Act, 1914.

S. 1 (1) the words "during

" the present war or a

" period of twelve

" months after the ter-

" mination thereof, " and

para, (d) repealed.

c. 62

Isle of Man (War

Legislation) Act,

1914.

Repealed -

c. 65

Articles of Commerce (Returns,

&c.) Act, 1914.

Repealed -

c. 66 - i

Elementary School

Teachers (War

Service Superannuation) Act,

1914.

i

Repealed -

, i

c. 67

Education (Scotland) (War Service Superannuation) Act, 1914.

Repealed -

1

e. 09

1

Police (Scotland)

(Limit of Age)

Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

■ 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 71

Housing (No. 2)

(Amendment)

Act, 1914.

Repealed . - - !

c. 73

Patents, Designs,

and Trade Marks

Temporary Rules

(Amendment)

Act, 1914.

Repealed - - |

1

c. 78

Courts (Emergency

Powers) Act,

1914. .

Act except as to orders

made by any court before

Aug. 31, 1922, repealed.

c. 79 '

Prize Courts

(Egypt, Zanzibar

and Cyprus) Act,

1914.

Repealed -

c. 81

National Insurance

(Navy and Army)

Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

c. 82

Bills of Exchange

Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

c. 85

Rates (Proceedings

for Recovery)

Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

i

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xlvii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

f Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5 4

4 & 5 Geo. 6:

c. 86

Superannuation

Act, 1914.

Ss. 5 and 6 repealed -

00

00

C

Suspensory Act,

1914.

Repeefled -

c. 91

Welsh Church Act,

1914.

Ss. 1 from " after the expiration " to " twelve

" months after the pass-

" ing of this Act, " 9

(1) from " butr any

parishioner" to end of

subsection, 18 to "shall

have effect, " 21 repealed.

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

c. 3

House of Commons

(Commissions in

, His Majesty’s

Forces) Act, 1914.

Repealed ... -

c. 5

Sheriff Courts

(Scotland)

Amendment Act,

1914.

Repealed ....

e. 6

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

e. 7

Finance Act, 1914

(Session 2).

Title, the words "and the

" National Debt, " preamble, ss. 1, 6, 9, 12, 16,

16, 17(l), para.2, repealed.

>42 (S.L.R.).

o. 8

Defence of the

Realm Consolidation Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

c. 9

fcriminal Justice

Administration

(Postponement)

Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

c. 10

Local Authorities

(Disqualification

Relief) Act, 1914.

Repealed ... -

o. 13

Execution of

Trusts (W a r

Facilities) Act,

1914.

Repealed ... -

c? 14

Poor Relief (Ireland) Act, 1914. 1

1

S. 1 (1) (as amended) the

words " for any purpose

" in connexion with the

" present war, or, " (2)

from " subsequent to " to

" and fourteen, " repealed.

c. 15

National Insurance

(Navy and Army)

Act, 1914 (Session

21.

Repealed -

1

S s

xlviii

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

Hpw affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 6.

6 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 16

Royal Marines Act,

1914.

Repealed ....

1

c. 17

Navy and Marines

(Wills) Act, 1914.

Repealed - -

c. 19

Courts (Emergency

Powers) (Ireland)

Act, 1914.

Act except as to orders

made by any court before

Aug. 31, 1922, repealed.

c. 20

Law Agents Apprenticeship (War

Service) (Scotland) Act, 1914.

Repealed ....

c. 21

British Ships

(Transfer Restriction) Act, 1915.

Repealed ....

c. 22

Universities and

Colleges (Emergency Powers)

Act, 1915.

Repealed ....

c. 23

Army (Annual)

Act, 1915.

Repealed .

e. 26

Army (Amendment) Act, 1915.

Ss. 1 (2), 2 (1) and (3) repealed.

o. 28

Naval Medical

Compassionate

Fund Act, 1915.

Preamble, s. 1 (3), sch. repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 31

Customs (War

Powers) Act, 1916.

Repealed -

c. 32

Irish Police (Naval

and Military Service) Act, 1915.

S. 1 (7) repealed

c. 33

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1915.

Repealed -

c. 34

Defence of the

Realm (Amendment) Act, 1915.

Repealed -

I

c. 35

Naval Marriages

Act, 1916.

Repealed -

c. 36

Legal Proceedings

against Enemies

Act, 1915.

Repealed .

c. 37

Defence of the

Realm (Amendment), No. 2, Act,

1916.

Repealed -

o. 41

Police (Emergency

Provisions) Act,

1915.

Ss. 2 and 3 repealed .

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

xlix

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

c. 43

Army (Transfers)

Act, 1915.

Repealed - • 1

l

c. 45

British North

America Act,

1915.

S. 1 (2) repealed

c. 46

Immature Spirits

(Restriction) Act,

1915.

S. 1 (1), para, (c), repealed •

c. 47

Special Constables

(Scotland) Act,

1916.

Repealed -

c. 48

Fishery Harbours

Act, 1915.

Ss. 3 (2), para. (6), 4 (3)

repealed.

c. 50

Re-election of

Ministers Act,

1915.

Repealed ....

c. 51

Ministry of Munitions Act, 1916.

Repealed - - - i

i

j

c. 52

Customs (Exportation Restriction)

Act, 1915.

Repealed - - J

U 2 (S.L.R.).

c. 53

Consolidated Fund

(No. 3) Act, 1915.

Repealed ....

c. 54

Munitions of War

Act, 1915.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

c. 55

War Loan Act,

1915.

Preamble repealed •

c. 57

Prize Courts Act,

1915.

Ss. 1 (1) the words "against

" any ship or cargo, " and

from " or the proceedings " where first occurring to " any part thereof " and from " or |

the proceedings " where

secondly occurring to

" any part of the cargo, "

4 (2) repealed.

e. 58

Army (Amendment) No. 2 Act,

1915.

Ss. 1 (2), 4, from " where

" the soldier is a warrant

" officer (Class I), " 7 repealed.

1

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected. !

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 60

National Registration Act, 1915.

Repealed -

42 (S.L.R.).

e. 61

(as

amended).

Government of

India Act.

Ss. 22 (2), 44a added, 65 (1)

(e) and 66 prosp. substituted.

S. 84a am. ...

Part X as to Church of

England (i.e. ss. 115,

117-21) repealed prosp.

S. 130 to " Provided that, "

sch. 4 repealed.

8, ss. 1, 3.

24.

40, s.' 2, sch. 1.

42 (S.L.R.).

e. 62

Finance Act, 1915

Preamble, ss. 1, 2, 6, 7, 10,

24, 26, 28 from " Part II "

to " Income Tax Acts, "

sch. except Part III repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 63

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1915.

Repealed ....

e. 64

Notification of

Births (Extension) Act, 1915.

Ss. 2 (1), 3 (1) (b):sec—

S. 4 (2), sch. repealed

17, s. 5.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 65

Maintenance of

Live Stock Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

c. 66

Milk and Dairies

(Consolidation)

Act, 1915.

Ss. 16, the words "the Milk

" and Dairies Act, 1914,

" or, " 21 (1) except short

title, (3) to " Schedule

and, " sch. 4, repealed.

c. 67

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1915.

Repealed -

c. 68

Public Works Loans

Act, 1915.

Repealed -

>42 (S.L.R.).

c. 69

Cotton Associations

(Emergency Action) Act, 1915.

Repealed ....

c. 70

Execution of Trusts

(War Facilities)

Amendment Act,

1915.

Repealed ....

c. 71 .

Customs (War

Powers) (No. 2)

Act, 1915.

Repealed -

c. 72

Special Acts (Extension of Time)

Act, 1915.

Repealed ....

1

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

li

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

5 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 74

Police Magistrates

(Superannuation)

Act, 1915.

S. 1 (7) from " and any

" person appointed " to

" provisions of this Act "

repealed.

1

c. 76

Elections and Registration Act,

1915.

Repealed -

e. 77

Appropriation Act,

1915.

Repealed -

c. 78

Scottish Universities (Emergency

Powers) Act,

1915.

Repealed -

c. 80

Consolidated Fund

(No. 4) Act, 1915.

Repealed -

c. 82

1

Post Office and

Telegraph Act,

1915.

Ss. 1, para, (c), from " but

" rates for press " to end

of section, 2 (1) repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 83

Naval and Military

War Pensions,

&c.. Act, 1915.

Ss. 2 so far as unrepealed,

3 (2) (6), 4 repealed.

CO

6

Clubs (Temporary

Provisions) Act,

1915.

Repealed ....

c. 85

Patents and Designs Act (Partial

Suspension) Act,

1915.

Repealed -

c. 86

Appropriation (No.

2) Act, 1915.

1

Repealed -

c. 87

Indian Civil Service (Temporary

Provisions) Act,

1915.

Repealed -

c. 89 *

Finance (No. 2) Act,

1915.

S. 11 (1) in part repealed,

s. 11 cont. till Pari, otherwise determines.

Preamble, ss. 1, 8, 9, 11 (2),

15 (2), 17, 18, 20, 47, 51

(1) from "Part II" to

" Income Tax Acts, " (2),

schs. 1, Pts. I and II, 2,

3, 6, and (prosp.) ss. 38-

44, 45 except (8), sch. 4

repealed.

10, ss. 2, 57 (6),

sch. 6, Pt. II.

42 (S.L.R.).

e. 90

Indictments Act,

1915.

S. 9 (1) (4), sch. 2 repealed

42 (S.L.R.).

lii

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute'and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

5 & 6 Geo. 6:

e. 91

Midwives(Scotland)

Act, 1916.

j

Ss. I (2) substituted, 1 (1),

6 (2), 22 (1) (2) am., 2, 5

extended, 9, 16, 22 (4)

applied, 22 (4) excluded.

Ss. 1 (1) to "and seventeen, " 3 from " On the

" first day of February "

to " twenty-one and " and

the word " thereafter, " 29

from " It shall " to end

of section repealed.

17, 88. 1-7.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 93

War Loan (SupplementalProvisions)

Act, 1916.

Ss. 7, 8 (5) repealed -

e. 94

Evidence (Amendment) Act, 1915.

Ss. 1-4, 5 so far as it relates to the Secretary for

Scotland, repealed.

c. 96

Government War

Obligations Act,

1015.

Ss. 1 (3), paras, (e) (/) (g ),

2 repealed.

c. 99

Munitions of War

(Amendment ) Act,

1916

Repealed ....

c. 100 -

Parliament and

Registration Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

c. 101 •

Naval Forces (Service on Shore)

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 102 -

Customs (W a r

Powers) Act, 1916,

Repealed ....

"42 (S.L.R.).

c. 104 -

Military Service

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. l -:

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 2

Naval Prize (Procedure) Act, 1916.

S. 1 repealed ...

c. 3 •

Consolidated Fund

(FJo. 2) Act, 1916.

Repealed -

c. 5

Army (Annual)

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 6

War Risks (Insurance by Trustees)

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 7

Marriage (Scotland)

Act, 1916.

Title from " and to

amend, " s. 4 repealed.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation,

liii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 6.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 9

Pacific Islands Regulations (Validation) Act, 1916.

Preamble repealed •

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 11

Finance (New Duties) Act, 1916.

Ss. 3 (1) (3) and in part (2)

repealed, 3 (4) (6) applied.

Title, the words "and

cider, " preamble, ss. 1(1),

the words "as from the

" fifteenth day of May,

" nineteen hundred and

" sixteen, " 3 (2), the

words " as from the fifth

* day of April, nineteen

" hundred and sixteen, "

4 as to sweetened and fermented table waters, (1),

the words 11 as from the

• " first day of May, nine-

" teen hundred and six-

" teen, " repealed.

10, ss. 8, 57j(6),

seh. 6, Pt. II.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 12

Local Government

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1916.

S.7 saved

Ss. 1, save in so far as it

operates in N.I. by virtue

of the Local Govt. (War

Service Pavments) Act

(N.I.), 1926, '4, 6 paxa. (a),

8, 10, 11, 13 (4)-(6), 16,

17, 19, 20, 24 (2) repealed.

14, s. 243

42 (S.L.R.).

o. 13

Courts (Emergency

Powers) (Amendment) Act, 1916.

Act, except as to orders

made thereunder by any

court before Aug. 31, 1922,

repealed.

c. 14

Summer Time Act,

1916.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

c. lo

Military Service

Act, 1916 (Session 2).

Repealed ... -

c. 16

c. 17

Consolidated Fund

(No. 3) Act, 1916.

Naval Discipline

(Delegation of

Powers) Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

Repealed -

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 18

Courts (Emergency

. Powers) (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

Act, except as to orders

made thereunder by any

court before Aug. 31,

1922, repealed.

o. 19

British North

America Act,

1916.

Repealed -

c. 22

Re-election of

Ministers Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

liv

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 23

Royal Marines Act,

1916.

Repealed -

e. 24

Finance Act, 1916

Preamble, ss. 1-6, 7 (1) as

to sweetened and fermented table waters, and

the words "as from the

" first day of May, nine-

" teen hundred and six-

" teen, " 17, 18, 23, 24,

44 (1), 69, 62, 68, 69 (1)

from " Part II of this Act " to " Income Tax

Acts, " (2), sehs. 1, 2, and

(prosp.) ss. 46-52, 64, 66-

7, 69(1) from "Part III, "

repealed.

c. 26

Output of Beer

(Restriction) Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

e. 27

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1916.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

c. 28

Public Works Loans

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 29

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1916.

Repealed -

c. 30

Consolidated Fund

(No. 4) Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 31

Police, Factories,

Ac. (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act,

1916.

Ss. 2, 8 (2), 12 from "the

words adjudged " to " repealed and, " sch. repealed.

c. 33

Army (Courts of

Inquiry) Act,

1916.

Repealed .

c. 34

Special Commissions (Dardanelles

and Mesopotamia)

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 36

Finance (Ex-

chequer Bonds)

Amendment Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

c. 37

Government of

India (Amendment) Act, 1916.

S. 7 (2) (3), 8 except short

title, sch. 2, repealed.

c. 39

Anglo-Portuguese

Commercial

Treaty Act, 1916.

S. 2 (2) repealed

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

U2 (S.L.R.).

A.D. 1927. Effect of Legislation. lv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 6.

C & 7 Geo. 5:

e. 40

Telegraph (Construction) Act,

1916.

S. 5 (3), seh. repealed

c. 42

British Ships

(Transfer Restriction) Act, 1916.

Repealed ... -

c. 43

War Charities Act,

1916.

S. 1 (2), 12 (2) from " Provided that " repealed.

c. 44

Parliament and Local Elections Act,

1916.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

e. 45

Time (Ireland) Act,

1916.

S. 1, except the words

" the time for general

" purposes in Ireland

" shall be the same as

" the time for general

" purposes in Great Bri-

" tain, " sch. repealed.

c. 46

Law and Procedure

(Emergency Provisions) (Ireland)

Act, 1916.

S. 1 (5), except as to orders

made by any court before

Aug. 31, 1922, repealed.

c. 48

Consolidated Fund

(No. 6) Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 50

Larceny Act, 1916

Ss. 48, 50 except short title,

sch. repealed.

e. 51

" Anzac " (Restriction on Trade Use

of Word) Act,

1916.

S. I (1) " As from the com-

" mencement of this Act, "

2 except short title, repealed.

e. 52

Trading with the

Enemy and Export of Prohibited

Goods Act, 1916.

S. 3 (a) repealed

c. 53

National Insurance

(Temporary Employment in Agriculture) Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

e. 54

Friendly Societies

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

c. 55

Local Government

Emergency Provisions (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

S. 2 (2) repealed

o. 56

Re-election of

Ministers (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

Repealed ....

1

lvi

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected. i

1

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

6 <fc 7 Geo. 6:

o. 57

Output of Beer

(Restriction)

Amendment Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 58

Registration of

Business Names

Act, 1916.

Ss. 18 saved, 18-9 applied

Ss. 16 to " by order direct, "

18 to " passing of this Act " repealed.

21, 6. 4(1) (2).

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 59

Constabulary and

Police (Ireland)

Act, 1916.

Ss. 3, 4 except short title,

sch. 3 repealed.

c. 62

Volunteer Act, 1916

Repealed ... -

c. 63

Defence of the

Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act,

1916.

Ss. 1, 2, 3 except (7), 7,

13 (1) (2) (4) (5) (6), sch.

repealed.

o. 65

Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916.

Ss. 4, 7 (2), 8 (2),

from " Provided that, "

repealed.

c. 67

War Loan Act,

1916.

Preamble repealed •

o. 68

New Ministries and

Secretaries Act,

1916.

Ss. 3-9, 10 (2) from " and

also " to " Minister of

Blockade, " 11 (1) from

" in the case of the Min-

" ister of Food " to " the

" Air Board " where

secondly occurring, 13,

sch. from " National Insurance " to " War Act,

1915, " repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 69

Public Authorities

and Bodies

(Loans) Act, 1916.

Ss. 1 (1) (3) from "and the

limitation on, " 2 (2) the

definition of " sinking

fund money, " repealed.

c. 70

Government War

Obligations Act,

1916.

Ss. 1 (3), 2 repealed -

o. 71

Appropriation Act,

1916.

Repealed ....

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1917.

Repealed ....

c. 2

Census of Production Act, 1917.

S. 1 (1) repealed

e. 3

Railway Passenger

Duty Act, 1917.

i

i Repealed -

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

lvii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 4

Grand Juries (Suspension) Act, 1917.

Repealed ....

o. 5

Ecclesiastical Services (Omission

on account of

War) Act, 1917.

Repealed -

j

e. 6

Ministry of National Service Act,

1917.

Repealed .

o. 7

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1917.

Repealed ....

c. 9

Army (Annual)

Act, 1917.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, sch.

repealed.

c. 10

Army (Annual)

Act (1916)

Amendment Act,

1917.

Repealed ....

e. 11

Naval Discipline

(Delegation of

Powers) Act,

1917.

Repealed ....

1

c. 13

Parliament and

Local Elections

Act, 1917.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

1

-42 (S.L.R.).

o. 14

Naval and Military

War Pensions, <Src.

(Administrative

Expenses) Act,

1917.

Ss. 3, 4, 8 (1), 10 (3) repealed.

c. 16

Societies (Suspension of Meetings)

Act, 1917.

Repealed ....

o. 17

Consolidation Fund

(No. 3) Act, 1917.

Repealed -

c. 20

Billeting of

Civilians Act,

1917.

Repealed ....

c. 21

Venereal Disease

Act, 1917.

S. 2 (2) to " and seventeen "

repealed.

c. 22

Royal Naval

Volunteer Reserve Act, 1917.

Repealed -

c. 25

Courts (Emergency

Powers) Act,

1917.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

except as to orders of any .

court made thereunder

before Aug. 31, 1922, and

except s. 1 (2) (3), repealed.

j

lviii

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 26

Military Service

(Conventions

with Allied

States) Act, 1917.

Repealed -

i

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 27

Confirmation of

Executors (War

Service) (Scotland) Act, 1917.

Repealed - -

j

e. 28

Companies (Particulars as to

Directors) Act,

1917.

S. 2 (2) applied

21, s. 4 (1).

o. 29

Wesleyan Methodists (Appointments during the

War) Act, 1917.

Repealed ....

c. 30

©. 31

Local Government

(Allotments and

Land Cultivation)

(Ireland) Act,

1917.

Finance Act, 1917 •

Repealed •

Preamble, ss. 1, 2, 4, 5, 7,

8, 10, 30 (2) (3), 31, 34 (6),

38 (1) from " Part II " to

" Income Tax Acts, " schs.

1, 2, and (prosp.) ss. 20-8,

38 (1) in pt., repealed.

c. 32

Public Works

Loans Act, 1917.

Ss. 1-3, sch. repealed •

c. 33

Consolidated Fund

(No. 4) Act, 1917.

Repealed -

c. 35

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1917.

Repealed -

■42 (S.L.R.).

c. 36

Police Constables

(Naval and Military Service) Act,

1917.

S. 1 (4) repealed

c. 37

Naval and Military

War Pensions, &c.

(Transfer of

Powers) Act, 1917.

Ss. 3 (1) from "Provided

that, " 5 except short title,

sch. repealed.

c. 38

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1917.

Repealed -

c. 39

Fishery Harbours

(Continuance of

Powers) Act,

1917.

Repealed ... -

e. 41

War Loan Act,

1917.

Preamble repealed -

A.D. 1927,

Effect of Legislation.

lix

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

7 & 8 Geo. 5

c. 43

Solicitors (Examination) Act, 1917.

Repealed -

e. 44

New Ministries Act,

1917.

Repealed -

c. 45

Munitions of War

Act, 1917.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

c. 49 - |

Consolidated Fund

(No. 5) Act, 1917.

Repealed ... -

c. 50

Parliament and

Local Elections

(No. 2) Act, 1917.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

I

c. 51

Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917.

Ss. 5, 11, 12 (1) from " provided that " to end of

subsection repealed.

c. 52

Appropriation Act,

1917.

Repealed

-42 (S.L.R.)

c. 54

Naval and Military

War Pensions, &c.

(Committees) Act,

1917.

Repealed ....

c. 59

Midwives (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

Ss. 1 (1) to " hundred and

nineteen " (2) to " hun-

" dred and twenty-four, "

2, 28, 30 from " It shall "

repealed.

1

c. 60

National Registration (Amendment) Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 6i -:

Metropolitan Police

Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 64

Representation of the People Act,

1918.

Ss. 5 (4), 9 (2), 20 (2), 39,

46, 47 except short title,

sch. 1 Rule 36, and sch. 8

repealed.

c. 65 •

Redistribution of

Seats (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

Ss. 2 (1) from "and each

of those, " (2) from "and

each such, " 4 (1) the

words " and of the divisions thereof " and from

" and each of those, " (2),

5 (1) (2) from "of the

application " to " to this Act." 8. 9, sch. 2 Pt. I

3rd column, sch. 4 as to

Down and Tyrone except ,

columns 1 and 2, sch. 6

repealed.

J

lx

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

7 & 8 Geo. 5:

c. 66

Military Service

Act, 1918.

Repealed ... -

42 (S.L.R.).

A.F.A.

Air Force Act

Act cont., ss. 24 (1), 39a (6)

(c), 57a (9), 178, 179a (2)

amended, s. 39a (e) substituted.

7, ss. 2, 4-6,

11-3.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 1

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1918.

Repealed -

1

c. 5

Military Service

(No. 2) Act, 1918.

Repealed -

c. 6

Array (Annual)

Act, 1918.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 6, 7, 10,

12 (2), sch. repealed.

I

e. 9

Defence of the

Realm (Food

Profits) Act, 1918.

Repealed •

>42 (S.L.R.).

e. 11

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1918.

Repealed -

c. 12

Defence of the

Realm (Beans,

Peas and Pulse

Orders) Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 13

Horse Breeding

Act, 1918.

References to the appointed

day in ss. 1 and 12 repealed.

J

c. 15

Finance Act, 1918

S. 10 and Schedule 2 Part

III superseded.

Preamble, ss. 1-3, 5, 6, 7 (1)

(2) (4), 8, 9, 10, 15(6), 17,

22, 36 (3), 37, 45 (1) from

" Part II " to " Income

Tax Acts, " (2), schs. 1

except the Note, 2 pts.

I & II, 3, 4, and (prosp.)

ss. 34-5, 45 (1) in pt., repealed.

10, ss. 7 (3), 8.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 16

Solicitors (Articled

Clerks) Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 17

Land Drainage

Act, 1918.

S. 14 from " and the principal Act " to end of

section, sch. 2, pt. II

repealed.

>42 (S.L.R.).

c. 19

Deputy Lieu-

tenants Act, 1918.

S. 1 (1) to " passing of this Act, " (2), sch. repealed.

c. 20

Labourers (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

Repealed ...

J

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

lxi

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 21

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1918.

Repealed ....

j

■N

c. 22

Parliament and

Local Elections

Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 23

Juries Act, 1918 -

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

e. 25

War Loan Act,

1918.

Preamble, s. 2 (5) the words

" and to the Isle of Man " j

repealed. '■

c. 27

Public Works Loans

Act, 1918.

Ss. 1-3, sch. repealed -

1

e. 28

Government War

Obligations Act,

1918.

S. 1 (2) repealed

c. 32

Trade Boards Act,

1918.

Ss. 1 (6), 4 (5), 13 (2) (4),

sch. 3, repealed.

c. 33

Asylums and Certified Institutions

(Officers Pensions)

Act, 1918.

S. 2 (2) repealed

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 34

Statutory Undertakings (Temporary Increase of

Charges) Act,

1918.

Ss. 2, to " Scotland and, "

3 except short title repealed.

o. 35

Public Health (Borrowing Powers)

(Ireland) Act,

1918.

S. 1 (3) repealed

e. 36

Corn Production

(Amendment) Act,

1918.

Act, so far as unrepealed,

repealed.

c. 37

Consolidated Fund

(No. 3) Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

e. 38

British Nationality

and Status of

Aliens Act, 1918.

Ss. 2 (1) to " Crown and, "

3(1) repealed.

1

c. 39

Education Act,

1918.

S. 14 the words "unless

" lawfully so employed

" on the appointed day, "

42 (3), 52 (3) repealed.

J

lxii

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

o. 40

Income Tax Act,

1918.

i

In part applied and prosp.

repealed, Part II (sa. 4-8,

super-tax) (April 6, 1929),

Schedule 5 paras. II-XIV

and XVI (April 6, 1928),

ss. 80 (8), 84 (2) repealed, 1

108 (1) (c) (d) omitted,

108 (1) (a) and (b) substituted, 48 (2), 108 (2),

112, 123, Schedule 5

No. XVII (prosp.) am.,

ss. 80, 84 am., 157 (2)

restricted, 117 saved, 132

applied as modified, Rule

21 of General Rules ap- |

plied and para. (2) substituted, Rule 23 of General Rules extended. Rules

applicable to Schedule E.

Rule 1 am.. Rules 2, 3, 6

excluded.

Ss. 54, 238 to " Provided

that, " sch. 7 repealed.

10, ss. 21, 25,

26 (1) (2), 30,

36 (2), 37, 39

(1), 40 (1), 41

(2) (3), 42 (7)

(10), 43(1) (2),

44 (4), 45 (1)

(9), 46-7, 57

(6), schs. 5 pt.

Ill, 6 pts. I

and II.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 41

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1918.

Ss. 1, 2, 3 (2), sch. repealed

c. 43

Midwives Act, 1918

Ss. 12 to "repealed, " 16

(2) (3), sch. repealed.

c. 44

Special Commission

(Belfast Prison)

Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 48

Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

Ss. 18 (1) from "at any

time " to " under this Act, " (5) from " Provided that, " 21 (2) para.

(6), 24 (4), schs. 1, the

word " Leith, " 2 para. 15,

and (prosp.) ss. 32 (3),

33 (2) and sch. 6, repealed.

■ 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 49

Affiliation Orders

j (Increase of Maxi-

I mum Payment)

Act, 1918.

Repealed

c. 50

Representation of the People

(Amendment) Act,

1918.

Title from " to extend " to

" votes and " repealed.

c. 53

Constabulary and

Police (Ireland)

Act, 1918.

S. 9 except short, title repealed.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation,

Ixiii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 54

Tithe Act, 1918

i

Ss. 4 (4), 11 (3), sch. 2 repealed.

c. 55

School Teachers

(Superannuation)

• Act, 1918.

Ss. 12 (4) from " and the

following " 13 (3), 20 (3)

repealed.

c. 56

Appropriation Act,

1918.

Repealed ....

0. 57

War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1918.

Ss. 1-6, 9 (2) the words

" and other committees, "

(6) from "or where, " to

" committee the commit,

tee " and the words "or

the committee " and " or

" committee as the case

" maybe, " 11-13, 15, 16,

18 (2) the definitions of

" prescribed " and " committee, " (4), sch. repealed.

o. 58

Defence of the

Realm (Employment Exchanges)

Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 59

Termination of the Present War

(Definition) Act,

1918.

S. 1 (1) from "Provided

that " repealed.

c. 60

Ministry of Munitions Act, 1918.

Repealed ....

c. 61

Wages (Temporary

Regulation) Act,

1918.

Repealed •

9 & 10 Geo. 5-J

c. 1

Coal Industry Commission Act, 1919.

Repealed ....

c. 2

Re-election of

Ministers Act,

1919.

S. 1 (3) repealed

c. 5

Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1919.

Repealed -

e. 6

Civil Contingencies

Fund Act, 1919.

Repealed -

c. 8

Representation of the People (Returning Officers ’

Expenses) Act,

1919.

S. 2 words of commencement, repealed.

c. 9

Intestate Husband’s Estate

(Scotland) Act,

1919.

S. 5 repealed ...

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

42 (S.L.R.).

bdv Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

* How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9 & 10 Geo .6:

c. 10

Parliamentary

Elections (Soldiers) Act, 1919.

Repealed - ‘ -

c. 11

Army (Annual)

Act, 1919.

Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 7 from

' " In subsection (lA) " to

" omitted, " 9, 10, 14, 16

(1) from " Paragraphs (a)

and (6) " to " omitted, "

(2), 18 (2), sch. repealed.

e. 14

Criminal Injuries

(Ireland) Act,

1919.

S. 1 (6) repealed

c. 15

Naval, Military

and Air Force

Service Act, 1919.

Repealed ... -

c. 17

Education (Scotland) (Superannuation) Act,

1919.

S. 10, sch. repealed -

c. 18

Wages (Temporary

Regulation) Extension Act, 1919.

Repealed ....

c. 19

Local Government

(Ireland) Act,

1919.

Ss. 2, 6, 11, 12 from "the

expression " where first

occurring to " list of candidates, " sch., repealed.

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 20

Scottish Board of

Health Act, 1919.

Ss. 8 (2) from " other than

an Order " to " any provision thereof, " 9(1) from

" and shall come, " (3),

sch. 2 repealed.

c. 21

Ministry of Health

Act, 1919.

S. 3 (2) para, (a), 8 (2) from

"other than" to "any

provision thereof, " 10, 11

(1) from " and shall

come, " (2), sch. 2 repealed.

c. 24

Law Agents Apprenticeship (War

Service) (Scotland) Act, 1919.

Repealed ....

c. 25

Public Notaries

(Articled Clerks)

Act, 1919.

Repealed ... -

c. 27

Solicitors (Articled

Clerks) Act, 1919.

Repealed ....

e. 28

Matrimonial Causes

(Dominions

Troops) Act, 1919.

Repealed ....

J

A.D. 1927,

Effect of Legislation,

lxv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9& lOGeo.5:

c. 29

Weights and Measures (Leather

Measurement)

Act, 1919.

S. 2 (2) repealed

1

j

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 31

Statement of Rates

Act, 1919.

Ss. 1 (1) to " date hereinafter named, " 4 (2) repealed.

j

e. 32

Finance Act, 1919 -

S. 8, soh. 2 applied -

Preamble, ss. 1, 2, 4, 6, 6(1)

from "on and after" to

"nineteen, " 8 (1) the

words " on and after the

" dates provided for in

" that schedule, " 9, 10,

the words "or excise, "

12, 13 from " and accordingly, " 14, 15, 37,

38 (3), sells. 2 from

" The preferential rates

shall be charged, " 4,

and (prosp.) ss. 32-6,

38 (1) in pt., repealed.

10, bs. 1, 5’(2)

(4), 7(1). *

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 34

Anglo - French

Treaty (Defence

of Franoo) Act,

1919.

Repealed ....

c. 35

Housing, Town

Planning, &c..

Act, 1919.

Ss. 23, 40 definition of

" houses for the working

classes, " 49 paras, (a) (6)

(c), 50, 52 (3) repealed.

c. 37

War Loan Act,

1919.

Preamble repealed •

c. 38

Merchant Shipping

(Wireless Telegraphy) Act, 1919.

S. 1 (5) from " shall not

come " to " in force but, "

2 from " as from a date "

to " United Kingdom "

where first occurring repealed.

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 39

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1919.

Repealed ....

c. 42

Restoration of Pre-

War Practices

Act, 1919.

Repealed ....

c. 43

Government of the

Soudan Loan Act,

1919.

S. 2 (2) repealed

c. 45

Housing (Ireland)

Act, 1919.

S. 5 (3), 17, 24, 30, 35 from

" save as otherwise " to

" and shall, " sch. 2 repealed.

Tt 2

lxvi

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9 & 10 Geo.5:

e. 46

Police Act, 1919 -

S. 13 (1) from " of refe-

" rences to the Seere-

" tary " to " Secretary

of State, " (2) to " and

nineteen " repealed.

c. 47

West Indian Court

of Appeal Act,

1919.

S. 8 except short title repealed.

c. 48

Coal Mines Act,

1919.

S. 1 para, (a) to " and

nineteen, " 2 (2) from

" unless and until " repealed.

■e. 49

Consolidated Fund

(No. 2) Act, 1919.

Repealed ... -

c. 50

Ministry of Transport Act, 1919.

Ss. 4, 12, 16, 18, 27 (2),

29 (3) the words "except

as hereinafter provided "

and from " Provided

that " repealed.

.42 (S.L.R.).

c. 51

Checkweighing in

Various Industries Act, 1919.

S. 8 except short title repealed.

c. 52

Public Works

Loans Act, 1919.

Repealed ....

c. 53

War Pensions (Administrative Provisions) Act, 1919.

Ss. I (2), 4, 5, 6, 8 (4) repealed.

c. 56

Solicitors Act, 1919

S. 11 repealed ...

c. 57

Acquisition of

Land (Assessment

of Compensation)

Act, 1919.

S. 12 (1) except short title

repealed.

i

i

J

c. 58

Forestry Act, 1919

S. 1 (1) am., Commrs. ’

powers extended.

Ss. 3 (4), 11 except short

title repealed.

6.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 59

c. 60

Land Settlement

(Facilities) Act,

1919.

Housing, Town

Planning, &c.

(Scotland) Act,

1919.

Ss. 12 (2), 13 from "after the

thirty-first " to " twenty -

six, " 14 (2) (5), (3) to

" two years " and from

"except that, " 15, 26 (2),

30, 33, sch. 3 repealed.

Ss. 20, 23, 31 definition of

" houses for the working

classes, " 39, 51, 63 (2) (3)

repealed.

j

■42 (S.L.R.).

c. 61

Intestate Moveable

Succession (Scotland) Act, 1919.

Ss. 2 from " provided

that, " 3, repealed.

A.D. 1927,

Effect of Legislation.

hcvii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9 & lOGeo.5:

c. 64

Courts (Emergency

Powers) Act,

1919.

S. 1 (1) para, (a) repealed -

e. 65

Welsh Church

(Temporalities)

Act, 1919.

Ss. 3 (1) to "in that Act

and, " 6 from " and sec-

" tion twenty-three " to

end of section repealed.

e. 66

Profiteering Act,

1919.

Repealed -

c. G9

Industrial Courts

Act, 1919.

Title from " and to continue, " s. 6, sch. repealed.

c. 70

County Court

Judges (Retirement Pensions

and Deputies)

Act, 1919.

Ss. 3, 5 (1) repealed -

c. 71

Sex Disqualification (Removal)

Act, 1919.

S. 4 (2) to " schedule and, "

sch. repealed.

e. 72

Rats and Mice

(Destruction)

Act, 1919.

S. 12 except short title repealed.

c. 73

County Courts Act,

1919.

S. 27 (2) (3), sch. repealed -

=42 (S.L.R.).

c. 74

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1919.

Ss. 1, 2, 4, 5 the words "on

" and after the dates pro-

" vided in that schedule, "

6 (2), schs. 1, 2 from " The

preferential rates shall, "

3 repealed.

e. 78

Irish Railways

(Confirmation of

Agreement) Act,

1919.

Repealed ... -

c. 79

Trade Marks Act,

1919.

S. 13 (2) from " and shall "

repealed.

c. 80

Patents and Designs Act, 1919.

Ss. 21 (4), 22 (2) repealed -

c. 81

Dogs Regulation

(Ireland) Act,

1919.

Ss. I (2), 2 (4) repealed

c. 82

Irish Land (Provision for Sailors

and Soldiers) Act,

1919.

S. 6 repealed ...

c. 84

County and

Borough Police

Act, 1919.

S. 1 from " and shall " to

" had effect " repealed.

J

lxviii

Effect of Legislation. 17 &.18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

9 & lOGeo.5:

c. 85

Mental Deficiency

and Lunacy

(Amendment)

Act, 1919.

Ss. 1, 2 repealed

c. 86

Anglo-Persian Oil

Company (Acquisition of Capital)

Amendment Act,

1919.

Repealed ....

c. 87

Profiteering (Continuance) Act,

1919.

Repealed ....

00

00

6

Appropriation Act,

1919.

Repealed ....

c. 91

Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries Act,

1919.

Ss. 1 (4), 7 (7), 8 (1) from

" any powers of the

Board " to " those provisions or, " (2) from "Any

power of, " sch. 1, clause

2, 8ub-elause(l), para. (a)

repealed.

c. 92

Aliens Restriction

(Amendment)

Act, 1919.

Ss. 9, 10, 11 repealed

• 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 93

Public Libraries

Act, 1919.

Ss. 4 (1), to "Provided

that, " 7 to " and accordingly, " 11 (2), sch. repealed.

c. 94

Nurses Registration Act, 1919.

Ss. 3 (2) para, (c), 6 (1)

proviso (a), 8 (1) para, (a),

from " at any time " to

" compiled under this Act, " para. (6) from " at

any time " to " aforesaid, " sch., paras. 3, 4 to

" members of the Council, " repealed.

c. 95

Nurses Registration (Scotland)

Act, 1919.

Ss. 3 (2) para, (c), 5 (1) proviso (a), 8 (1) para, (a)

from " at any tune " to

" compiled under this Act, " para. (6) from " at

any time " to " aforesaid, " sch., articles 3, 4

to " members of the

Council " repealed.

e. 96

Nurses Registration (Ireland)

Act, 1919.

Ss. 3 (2) para, (c), 5(1) proviso (o), 8 (1) para, (a),

from " at any time " to

" compiled under this Act, " para. (f>) from " at

any time " to " aforesaid, " sch. repealed.

J

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

lxix

Statute and Subject or

Chapter. Short Title.

How affected. 5.

9 & 10 Geo.5:

o. 97 - Land Settlement In as. 1, 2, the words

(Scotland) Act, " during the period of two

1919. " years after the passing

" of this Act " and in

s. 1 the words "during

the like period, " 25, 26

(2) (6), 28, 29, 30, 32,

sch. 4 repealed.

c. 99 - Housing (Addition- Ss. 1-4, 6, 8 from "and

al Powers) Act, accordingly " to end of

1919. . section, 11 from "Provided that, " 15 (2) repealed.

c. 100 - Electricity (Supply) S. 29 (2) from " Provided

Act, 1919. that " repealed.

c. 101 - Government of S. 45 (2) extended

India Act, 1919. S. 41 (l)_am., 45 (2) extended.

Ss. 2, 3 (2), 5(1) from " and

the provision " to end of

subsection, 11 (1), 24 (1),

27 (1) to " sanction of the

Governor-General, " 28 (1)

(4), 31 paras. (1) from

"provided that, " (3)

from " provided f that, "

32 (1) to "effect fand, "

34 to " effect and, " 37

(2), 43, 45 (2) from

" Subsection (3) of section

eight, " 47 (2) (5)repealed.

c. 102 - Old Age Pensions Ss. 2 (2), 3 (2) (3), 10 (2) (3),

Act, 1919. sch. 2 repealed.

10'»& 11

Geo. 5:

c. 1 - Consolidated Fund Repealed -

(No. 1) Act, 1920.

c. 4 - Coal Mines (Emer- Ss. 1-6, schs. 1, 2 part II,

gency) Act, 1920. para. 1 and proviso to

sub-para. (1) of para. 4,

repealed.

c. 5 - War Emergency Act, except ss. 3 and 5,

Laws (Continu- repealed,

ance) Act, 1920.

c/7 - Army and Air Preamble, ss. 2, 3, 5 from

Force (Annual) " and accordingly" to

Act, 1920. end of section, 13 from

" the words " to " omitted

and, " 15 (2), 22, 26, schs.

1, 3, 6 repealed.

c. 9 Publio Utility Repealed -

Companies (Capital Issues) Act,

1920.

► 42 (S.L.R.).

8, s. 4 (2).

24.

42; {S.L.R.).

► 42 (S.L.R.).

lxx

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

10 & 11

Geo. 6:

c. 11

c. 12

o. 13

c. 14

c. 15

c. 17

c. 18

c. 20

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Ejection (Suspen- Repealed - -

sory Provisions)

(Scotland) Act,

1920.

Savings Banks Act, Ss. 1 (4), 2 (2) from "and

1920. such rate " to end of subsection, 4 (2), 5, 6 (3),

10 (4), sch. repealed.

Profiteering Repealed.42 (S.L.R.).

(Amendment)

Act, 1920.

Tramways (Tempo- Ss. 3 (5) from " and where

rary Increase of a tramway " where

Charges) Act, 2ndly occurring, 4 (2) re-

1920. pealed.

Representation of Repealed -

the People Act,

1920.

Increase of Rent Continued by Expir. Laws 34, s. 1 (3), sch,

and Mortgage In- Cont. Act. Part IV.

terest (Restric- Ss. 13, 19 (3) to " provided 42 (S.L.R.).

tions) Act, 1920. that, " sch. 2 repealed.

Finance Act, 1920 Ss. 7 and (as from April 0, 10, ss. 11-2, 40

1928) 33 as to " standard (2) (4), 46-7,

rate of tax " repealed, 50, 54, 57 (0),

13 am. and excluded, sells. 4, 5 pt. II

Schedule 2 paras. 4 and 5 ' and 6 pts. I

am., ss. 25, 27, 63 prosp. and II.

am., 17-22, 68 applied,

23 prosp. excluded, 27 (3)

saved.

Preamble, ss. 1, 2, in 3, 5 42 (S.L.R.).

and 6 the words "as from

" the twentieth day of

" April nineteen hundred

" and twenty " wherever

occurring, ss. 8 from

" as respects " to " later

date, " 12, 14, 15 (2) (3),

24 (2), 31, 37 (2), from

" in the case of accounts "

to " subsequently, " 43

(2), 57 (2) (3), 58'(1), 60,

62, 64 (3), sch. 4, and

(prosp.) ss. 44-56, 61 in

pt., 64 (1) from "Part

IV, " repealed.

Veterinary Sur- Ss. 1 from " and shall" to 42 (S.L.R.).

geons Act (1881) end of section, 3 to "of

Amendment Act, this Act " repealed.

1920.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxi

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

c. 21

Harbours, Docks,

and Piers (Temporary Increase

of Charges) Act,

1920.

S. 6 except short title repealed.

' i

c. 23

War Pensions Act,

1920.

Ss. 3-6, 12 (2) repealed -

e. 24

Bank Notes (Ireland) Act, 1920.

S. 1 (2) repealed

c. 25

Public Libraries

(Ireland) Act,

1920.

S. 1 (2) (3) repealed -

=42 (S.L.R.).

e. 26

Sheriffs (Ireland)

Act, 1920.

Ss. 1 (1) to "appointed

day, " 7 (10), 10(2), 12(2)

repealed.

c. 27

Nauru Island

Agreement Act,

1920.

Preamble repealed -

o. 28

Gas Regulation

Act, 1920.

Ss. 7 (2) from " Provided

that", 11 from "and

section nineteen " repealed.

c. 29

Overseas Trade

(Credits and Insurance) Act,

1920.

S. 2 (1) repealed

J

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

Ss. 4 (2), 8 (4), 18(1) (2) (4)

(11), 22 (5) and (July 19,

1928) 11 (4) repealed,

3 (1) (d), 17 (1a), 24 (3)

and (July 19, 1928) 11

(2 a) (2b) added, 4 (1),

5 (7), 7, 17, 22 (3) (4),

23 (1) (2), 26 (1) (4), 30,

41, 47 (1) (6), sch. 1 pt.II

(d) and (July 19, 1928)

s. 11 (5) (8) am., ss. 12,

15-6 saved, 7 (1) (v) applied,

Ss. 10 (8), 27, 45, 48 (2)

(3), sch. 3 repealed.

30, ss. 2 (3), 5,

8 (4) (6), 10-1,

13, 15, 16 (2)

(see terms) (3)

(4), schs. 4, 5.

42 (S.L.R.).

c. 32

Appropriation Act,

1920.

Repealed -

c. 35

Representation of the People (No. 2)

Act, 1920.

Ss. 1, 4 (2) repealed - - i

1

=42 (S.L.R.).

c. 36 •

Pensions (Increase)

Act, 1920.

S. 1 (3) repealed

j

lxxii

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

o. 37

Telegraph (Money)

Act, 1920.

S. 2 (3) repealed

e. 39

Merchant Shipping

(Scottish Fishing

Boats) Act, 1920.

Ss. 1 (3), 2 (2), sch. repealed.

c. 40

Post Office and

Telegraph Act,

1920.

Ss. 1 (1), 2 (3), 3 (4) to

" twenty-one and, " the

words " the year com-

" mencing on that date

" and " and the word

" subsequent " and (6),

4, 6, 7 (2), sch. repealed.

o. 42

Census (Ireland)

Act, 1920.

Repealed ....

e. 43

Firearms Act, 1920

Ss. 17 para. (1) to "for

export and, " 19 except

short title repealed.

c. 45

Public Libraries

(Scotland) Act,

1920.

S. 1 (1) to "and twenty, "

and the words "and shall

" be deemed to have had

" effect " repealed.

e. 46

c. 47

Dangerous Drugs

Act, 1920.

Ministry of Food

(Continuance)

Act, 1920.

S. 17 except short title repealed.

Act, save as to Part III of the Sale of Food Order,

1921, repealed.

-42 (S.L.R.).

c. 48

Indemnity Act,

1920.

S. 4 repealed ...

e. 49

Blind Persons Act,

1920.

S. 5 except short title repealed.

c. 60

Mining Industry

Act, 1920.

Ss. 7-17, 18 (1) from " consultation with " to " committees concerned or, "

20 (2) from " Provided

that, " (3) from "take

into consideration " to

" and that the Committee

shall, " 24, sch. 2 Pt. II

repealed.

c. 51

Duchy of Lancaster Act, 1920.

S. 4 (2), sch. repealed

c. 52

Ready Money Football Betting Act,

1920.

S. 5 except short title repealed.

e. 53

Jurors (Enrolment

of Women) (Scotland) Act, 1920.

Ss. 1 (2) from " shall be

prepared " to " and new

lists, " 3, sch. repealed.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxiii

Statute and Subj ect or

Chapter. Short Title.

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

o. 64 - Seeds Act, 1920. - S. 17 except short title

repealed.

o. 65 - Enlergeney Powers S. 2 (1) second proviso ex-

Act, 1920. eluded.

c. 68 Shops (Early Clos- S. 2 (3) repealed

ing) Act, 1920.

c. 69 - Appropriation (No. Repealed ....

2) Act, 1920.

c. 60 - Isle of Man (Cus- Repealed ....

toms) Act, 1920.

c. 61 - Public Works Loans Repealed ....

Act, 1920.

c. 62 - Women and Young S. 7 (2) repealed

Persons (Employ,

ment in Lead

Processes) Act,

1920.

c. 64 - Married Women’s Ss. 1 " After the passing of

Property (Scot- this Act, " 6 para, (a)

land) Act, 1920. repealed.

0.65 Employment of Ss, 2 (4) (6), 3 (3), 6 except

Women, Young short title repealed.

Persons and

Children Act,

1920.

c.66 - Criminal Injuries Ss. 1 (3), 2 (1) para, (a) and

(Ireland) Act, (2), 6 (1) repealed.

1920.

c. 67 - Government of Ss. 3, 4 (2), 8 (2) from

Ireland Act, 1920. "Provided that, " 9 (1)

(2) from " until the date

" of Irish union " to

" become Irish services, "

and proviso (o), (3) proviso (a), 13 (1), 14 (1),

19 (c), 23 (4) (6) from

" or ought to have been

apportioned " to " mas-

" ner hereinbefore pro-

" vided, " and from " or

" that the contribution

" shall be treated " to

" specified in the certificates, " 24 (2) the words

" shall be apportioned

" between them in such

" manner and, " 28 (3),

30, 32 (3) the words "or

" jointly by the Trea-

" suries of Southern and

" Northern Ireland, " 36,

36, 39, 41 (3) (4), 42, 43,

44 (1), 47 (1) the words

lxxiv

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

Statute and Subject or

Chapter. Short Title.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

c. 67 - Government of

Ireland Act, 1920

— cont.

c. 09 - Registrar-General

(Scotland) Act,

1920.

c 70 - Gold and Silver

(Export Control,

&c.) Act, 1920.

c. 71 - Housing (Scotland)

Act, 1920.

How affected.

" and the High Court of

" Appeal for Ireland, "

from " until the date of

Irish union " to " Fund

" of the United King-

" dom, " and (2), 64 (3)

from "and (after the date "

to " Act (Ireland), 1877, "

65 (1) from " but in the

case of, " (6) from " or

" shall be apportioned "

to " Board may determine " 66 (2) from " Provided that " 57 (2) from

" or apportioned between

those funds, " 59 (1) to

" Southern Ireland and "

60, 61 from " and after

" the date of Irish

" union " to " Parlia-

" ment of Ireland, " 63

"or by officers of a de-

" partment of the Govem-

" ments of Northern Ire-

" land and Southern Ire-

" land as the case may

" be, " 64 (2) (4), 66, 68

(1), "or after the date of

" Irish union by the Par-

" liament of Ireland, " 69

the words "and when

" established the Parlia-

" ment and Government

" of Ireland, " and paras,

(c) (d) and (k), 72, 73 (1)

from " but the Parlia-

" ments of Southern and

" Northern Ireland, " 75

" or the Parliament of

Ireland, " 76 (2), schs. 2,

4, para. 2 (6), 5 Part I, 7

Part I, 9, repealed.

Ss. 1 to " have effect and, "

2 except short title repealed.

Title from " control " to

" bullion and to, " s. 1 repealed.

S. 9 (2) (4) repealed -

c. 72 - Roads Act, 1920 - Ss. 4 to " effect and, " 14

(2), 20 except short title,

sch. 3, repealed.

c. 73 - Expiring Laws Repealed -

Continuance Act,

1920.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

U2 (S.L.R.).

A.D. 1927

Effect of Legislation.

lxxv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

e. 74

British Empire

Exhibition (Guarantee) Act, 1920.

i

Repealed -

c. 75

Official Secrets

Act, 1920.

S. 11 (2), sch. £ repealed -

c. 76

Agriculture Act,

1920.

Title from " and the enactments, " s. 36 (1) (2) from

" Part II of this Act,

shall, " (3) to " provided

that, " and proviso (a),

sch. 2 repealed.

<*. 78 •

Juries (Emergency

Provisions) Act,

1920.

Repealed ....

= 42 (S.L.R.).

c. 79

Defence of the

Realm (Acquisition of Land) Act,

1920.

Ss. 2 (1) from "and accordingly, " 3(1) para, (a)

(2) from " and paragraph

(&), " 4 (1), 5, 6 the words

" one, two, " 7, repealed, j

c. 80

1

Air Navigation

Act, 1920.

S. 20 (2) repealed - - |

o. 81

Administration of

Justice Act, 1920.

Title in pt., ss. 3 (3), 4 (2),

21 (2), sch. repealed.

c. 82

Unemployment Insurance (Temporary Provisions

Amendment) Act,

1920.

Repealed ....

11 & 12

Geo. 5:

c. 1

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1921.

Ss. 4 repealed, 5 (3), sch. 2

am.

30, ss. 15-6, schs.

4, 5.

c. 15

Unemployment Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1921.

Ss. 11, 13 am., 12 (Jan. 1,

1929) repealed.

30, ss. 9 (2),

15-6, schs. 4,

5.

c. 21

Dentists Act, 1921

Am. (prosp.) . .

39, s. 1, sch.

Pt. II.

c. 32

t

Finance Act, 1921

Ss. 21 (7) from " and the "

(April 6, 1928) repealed,

6 am., 30 (1) (c) substituted, 16 extended.

10, ss. 5, 13, 24,

67 (6), sch.

6, Pt. II.

c. 40

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1921.

S. 3, seh. (spirits duties)

cont. as am. in 1926. j

20, s. 3.

lxxvi

Effect of Legislation. 17 & 18 Geo. 6.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 6.

11 & 12

Geo. 5:

o. 64

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

(Scotland) Act,

1921.

Continued to Dec. 31, 1928,

as amended.

3, ss. 3, 4, 6 (21.

e. 67

Local Authorities

(Financial Provisions) Act, 1921.

Saved - j

14, s. 243.

12 & 13

Geo. 6:

e. 7

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922.

Ss. 1 (1) (2), 14 (1), 16 (1)

am., 13, 16 (2) (3) and

(Jan. 1, 1929) 9 repealed.

30, ss. 4 (2)

(oHc), 16-6,

schs. 4, 6.

o. 17

Finance Act, 1922

Schedule 1, paras. 5 and 9

substituted, ss. 21 (1) (6)

am., 21 (3), Schedule 1,

paras. 3 and 8 prosp.

am., s. 21 applied.

10, ss. 31-2,

46-7, sch. 6,

Pt. III.

o. 37

Naval Discipline

Act, 1922.

S. 6 (1), (s. 90 b of N.D.A.)

am.

8, s. 2.

c. 61

Allotments- Act,

1922.

S. 21 (4) repealed

14, s. 245, sch.

11.

13 Geo. 6.

c. 6 (seas.

2).

Importation of

Animals Act,

1922 (Session 2).

Am., a. 6 in part excluded *

13, ss. 3, 4, 6 (2).

13 & 14

Geo. 5.;

e. 2

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1923.

I

Ss. 5, 9 am.

30, ss. 7, 16,

sch. 4.

o. 6

Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923.

S. 3—1921 Act continued 1

(as modified).

3, ss. 4, 6 (2).

c. 9

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923.

Ss. 20, 43-7 (as set out and 1

modified) applied.

36, ss. 12, 24,

schs. 1, 2.

o. 14

Finance Act, 1923

Ss. 29 (2) (April 6, 1929) re-

pealed, 32 am., 17 saved,

23-4 prosp. applied.-

10, ss. 42 (3),

45 (1) (a), 46

(8), 47-8, sch.

6, Pt. I.

o. 32

Rent and Mortgage

Interest Restrictions Act, 1923.

Ss. 1, 19 (a) superseded by

Expir. Laws Cont. Act.

34.

14 & 15

Geo. 5:

c. 6

Unemployment Insurance (No. 3)

Act, 1924.

Repealed -

30, s. 16, sch. 5.

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxvii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

14 & 15

Geo. 5:

c. 9

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

Continuance

(Scotland) Act,

1924.

1921 Act further continued

(as modified).

3, ss. 4, 5 (2).

c. 19

Pacific Cable Act,

1924.

Repealed ... -

9, s. 9 (2) (3),

sch. 3.

c. 21

Finance Act, 1924 -

Ss. 29 (April 6, 1928) repealed, 1 continued.

10, ss. I, " 47,

sch. 6, pt. I.

e. 24

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1924.

S. 4 (cocoa) cont.

20, s. 8.

c. 30 1

Unemployment Insurance (No. 2)

Act. 1924.

Ss. 1 (1)—(3) (6), 2 (1), 3 (2),

8 (1), 17 (3) (4), sch. 1

para. 3 (b) repealed, s. 2

(2) (6) and sch. 1, part I)

virt. repealed, sch. 1 para.

4 substituted, ss. 2 (2)

(a), 4 (1) am.

30, ss. 4 (2) (d),

6, 15-6, schs.

4, 6.

c. 34

London Traffic Act,

1924.

S. 17 (2) virt. repealed

(Act continued).

34.

c. 38 ,

National Health

Insurance Act,

1924.

Ss. 105 (1) repealed, 17

saved (E.).

14, ss. 47' (6),

76 (2), A 245,

sch. 11.

is i6

Geo. 5:

o. 18

Settled Land Act,

1926.

Ss. 71, 73 ext. -

36, s. 13 (1) (2).

c. 20

Law of Property

Act, 1925.

S. 199 applied for purpose

of Moneylenders Acts.

Ss. 28, 99, 146, 191 ext. -

21, s. 17(1) (b).

36, ss. 6 (11),

13 (1), 18 (2)

(3), 20 (1).

c. 22

Land Charges Act,

1925.

S. 10 (1) Class A ext. -

36, s. 12, sch. 1

(7).

o. 24

Universities and

College Estates

Act, 1925.

S. 26 ext. -

36, s. 13 (1).

c. 35

Poor Law Emergency Provisions

Continuance

(Scotland) Act,

1925.

1921 Act further continued

(as modified).

3, ss. 4, 5 (2).

o. 36

Finance Act, 1925 -

S. 3 (1) " other than tyres "

repealed, s. 3 "blank

film " extended'.

10, ss.3, 4, 67(6),

sch. 6, pt. II.

lxxviii

Effect of Legislation.

17 & 18 Geo. 5,

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

15 ’& 16

Geo. 5:

c. 49

Supreme Court of

Judicature (Consolidation) Act,

1925.

S. 88 ext. •

36, s. 21 (7).

e. 56

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925.

Ss. 2 and 5 and (as am. in

1926) 6, 7, 9 cont., 10 (1)

proviso repealed, 6 (1)

" blank film " and 6 (5)

extended.

20, ss.4, 5, 9-12,

16, 17 (2), sch.

4.

o. 69

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925.

Ss. 1, 2 repealed, 4 (1) (d)

am.

30, ss. 16-6,

schs. 4, 6.

c. 79

Safeguarding of Industries (Customs

Duties) Act, 1926.

S. 1 (2)-(4) applied -

10, s. 9 (2).

c. 84

Workmen’s Compensation Act,

1925.

Am. (Imperial arrangements

for transfer of funds).

Sch. 1 paras. 12 applied, 13

from " and in its application " repealed, s. 23 am.

(S-).

1

15.

35, 88. 15, 17, 22.

e. 90

Rating and Valuation Act, 1925.

S. 9 (2), &c.; see - - i

14, s. 133 (2).

16 & 17

Geo. 5:

c. 9

Economy (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926.

Sch. 2 in part excluded

30, s. 2 (1) (b),

sch. 2.

c. 12

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1926.

Continued to April 19, 1928,

and then expiring.

30, b. 16 (5) (6)

and see c. 34.

c. 15

Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act,

1926.

Ss. 16 made retrospective,

19 (2) am.

26.

c. 20

Boards of Guardians (Default)

, Act, 1926.

Repealed -

14, s. 245 sch.,

11.

c. 22

Finance Act, 1926

Ss. 9 repealed, 7, 15 (1),

29 (3), schedule 1 am.,

29 (1), 33 applied, 1 continued.

10, ss. I, 5 (2),

10-1, 18, 22-3,

29 (1), 57 (6),

schs. 4, 6pt.II.

e. 27

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1926.

Ss. 14 and (as amending

1921 or 1925 Acts) 3, 6, 8,

10 cont., 12 repealed,

13 (6) substituted, 10 (2)

am., 14 (2) (3) (6) applied

and 14 (5) extended.

20, ss. 3, 9-11,

13, 14 (2), 15-

6, 17(2), sch. 4.

c. 29

Adoption of Children Act, 1926.

Saved ....

II

14, s. 78 (7).

A.D. 1927.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxix

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of

17 & 18 Geo. 5.

16 ' & 17

Geo. 5:

c. 32

Midwives [and Maternity Homes]

Act, 1926.

Part II. (ss. 6-11), ss. 12,

14 (1) "and Maternity

Homes, " 14 (3) repealed

(July 1, 1928)

38, s. 12, sch.

17 & 18

Geo. 6:

c. 14 -

Poor Law Act,

1927.

Ss. 154 (2) (3), 165, 157(1)-

(3), 160 (3) repealed, but

saved and applied as to

costs.

31, ss. 2 (5),

3 (2), 4, sch.

c. 23

Crown Lands Act,

1927.

S. 15 ext. -

36, s. 24, sch. 1

[1 (&)]•

c. 34

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act,

1927.

Sch. part I (as to 16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 12 )—see

30, s. 16 (6)

Uu

TABLE IV

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

AND

CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

(17 & 18 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1927.)

[Index removed.]

