1926

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

Passed in The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the

Reign of His Majesty

King George the Fifth

Being the Second Session, of the Thirty-fourth

Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

And the 110299

Church Assembly Measures

Which received the Royal Assent during 1926

with

Tables of the Titles

The Effect of Legislation and an Index

W,

M

LONDON:

PRINTED BY EYRE AND SPOTTISWOODE, Limited,

FOR WILLIAM RICHARD CODLING, Esq., C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E; t

THE KING’S PRINTER OF ACTS OF PARLIAMENT.

To be purchased directly from H.M. STATIONERY OFFICE at the following addresses:

Adastral House, Kingsway, London, W.C. 2; 120, George Street, Edinburgh;

York Street, Manchester; i, St. Andrew’s Crescent, Cardiff;

15, Donegall Square West, Belfast;

or through any Bookseller.

Price 7s. 6 d. Net.

tV<

CONTENTS

0

Table. Page

I. Table of the Titles of the Public General

Acts passed during the Session - c

THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

II. Table of the Titles of the Measures passed by the National Assembly of the Church of England which received the Royal Assent during 1926 i

THE CHURCH ASSEMBLY MEASURES.

III. The Effect of Legislation - lxvii

IV, Index - lxxxix

TABLE I

A

TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

passed in the Second Session of the Thirty-Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

16 & 17 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1926.

16 GEORGE 5.

Royal Assent, 26th March, 1926.

1. An Act to apply certain slims out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-five, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six, and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven. (Consolidated Fund (No. 1).)

2. An Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans out of the Local Loans Fund. (Public Works Loans.)

3. An Act to amend the Trade Facilities Acts, 1921 to 1925, by increasing the maximum limit of the loans in respect of which guarantees may be given under those Acts and by extending the period within which such guarantees may be given, and to extend the periods during which guarantees may respectively be given and remain in force under the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1924. (Trade Facilities.)

4. An Act to confirm and give effect to an agreement made between the Treasury and the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland with a view to assimilating the burdens on the Exchequers of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland with respect to unemployment insurance. (Unemployment Insurance (Northern Ireland Agreement).)

Table of the Statutes. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Royal Assent, 29th April, 1926. •

5. An Act to amend section sixteen of the Allotments (Scotland)

Act, 1922. (Allotments (Scotland).)

6. An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army and Air Force. (Army and

Air Force (Annual).)

16 & 17 GEORGE 5.

Royal Assent, 16th June, 1926.

7. An Act to amend the Bankruptcy Act, 1914. (Bankruptcy (Amendment).)

8. An Act to amend the law with respect to measuring instruments, and with respect to the power to charge fees in

connection with the testing of weighing and measuring*,

apparatus. (Weights and Measures (Amendment).)

9. An Act to make provision for reducing in respect of certain services the charges on public funds and for increasing,

by means of the payment into the Exchequer of certain sums and otherwise, the funds available for meeting such charges, and to amend accordingly the law relating to

national .health insurance, unemployment insurance, the registration of electors and the holding of elections,

education, bankruptcy and companies winding-up fees and certain other fees, and postmarks, and for purposes related or incidental to the matters aforesaid. (Economy

(Miscellaneous Provisions).)

10. An Act to extend further the duration of the Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923. (Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions).)

11. An Act to amend certain enactments relating to the Law of Property and Trustees. (Law of Property (Amendment).) ■

Royal Assent, 30th June; 1926. •

12. An Act to extend the periods of operation of section one and subsection (2) of section three of the Unefnployment

Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924, and of subsection (1) of section five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925.

(Unemployment Insurance.)

13. An Act to amend section seven of the Criminal Justice Act, 1925. (Criminal Justice (Amendment).)

14. An Act to provide for the incorporation of the Trustees of the Imperial War Graves Endowment Fund and for other matters connected with the said Fund. (Imperial War

Craves Endowment Fund.)

A.D. 192(3.

Public General Acts.

e

• Royal Assent, 8th July, 1926.

15. An Act to amend the law of Scotland relating to appeal in

criminal cases tried on indictment. (Criminal Appeal

(Scotland).)

16. An Act to amend the law relating to the execution of diligence

in Scotland. (Execution of Diligence (Scotland).)

17. An Act to amend temporarily the Coal Mines Acts, 1887 to

1919, with respect to the hours of employment below ground. (Coal Mines.)

Royal Assent, 15th July, 1926.

18. An Act to transfer the powers of the Secretary for Scotland

to one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State,

and to increase the number of Secretaries of State and

Under Secretaries of State capable of sitting and voting

in the Commons House of Parliament, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid. (Secretaries of State.)

19. An Act to remove the necessity of the re-election of Members

of the House of Commons on acceptance of office. (Re-

election of Ministers Act (1919) Amendment.)

20. An Act to provide in the case of default by a board of guardians for the reconstitution of the board; and for matters arising out of the default or consequential on the reconstitution. (Boards of Guardians (Default).)

21. An Act to amend the Markets and Fairs (Weighing of Cattle)

Acts, 1887 and 1891. (Markets and Fairs (Weighing of Cattle).)

• Royal Assent, 4th August, 1926.

22. An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue

(Including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the lav* relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including

Excise) and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with finance. (Finance.)

23. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the

* service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, and to

appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. (Appropriation.)

24. An Act to amend the law with respect to the drainage of agricultural land. (Land Drainage.)

f Table of the Statutes. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

25. An Act to amend the Petroleum Acts, 1871 and 1879.

(Petroleum.) •

26. An Act to protect the names, uniforms, and badges of associations incorporated by Royal Charter. (Chartered

Associations (Protection of Names and Uniforms).)

27. An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man. (Isle of Man (Customs).)

28. An Act to make provision for facilitating the working of minerals and the better organisation of the coal mining industry, and with respect to the welfare of persons employed therein, and for other purposes connected with that industry. (Mining Industry.)

29. An Act to make provision for the adoption of infants. (Adoption of Children.)

30. An Act to facilitate the burning of heather in Scotland and to extend the period in which this can be done. (Heather Burning (Scotland).)

31. An Act to amend the law as regards music and dancing licences in parts of certain Home Counties and in certain county boroughs adjacent thereto. (Home Counties (Music and Dancing) Licensing.)

32. An Act to amend the Midwives Acts, 1902 and 1918, and to provide for the registration and inspection of maternity homes, and for purposes connected therewith. (Midwives and Maternity Homes.)

Royal Assent, 22nd November, 1926.

33. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, and to

appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament. (Appropriation (No. 2).) %

34. An Act to increase the rateable deductions to be made .from the pay of the police and to authorise, in certain circumstances, the return of rateable deductions in tin* case of , members of police forces retired or dismissed after the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and nineteen.

. (Police Pensions.)

Royal Assent, 15th December, 1926.

35. An Act to amend section eleven of the Industrial Assurance

Act, 1923, with respect to the exemption from that Act

of juvenile societies. (Industrial Assurance (Juvenile

Societies).)

A.D. 1926.

Public General Acts.

9

36. An Act to amend the Parks Regulation Act, 1872. (Parks

• Regulation (Amendment).)

37. An Act to make better provision for the protection against lead poisoning of persons employed in painting buildings. (Lead Paint (Protection against Poisoning).)

38. An Act to amend the law with respect to the constitution and extension of county boroughs, and to amend the Local Government (Adjustments) Act, 1913. (Local Government (County Boroughs and Adjustments).)

39. An Act to regulate the sale on commission of horticultural produoe. (Horticultural Produce (Sales on Commission).)

40. An Act to confer on Courts in India and other parts of His Majesty’s Dominions jurisdiction in certain cases with respect to the dissolution of marriages, the parties whereto are domiciled in England or Scotland, and to validate certain decrees granted for the dissolution of the marriage of persons so domiciled. (Indian and Colonial Divorce Jurisdiction.)

41. An Act to amend the Officers of Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1863. (Naval Reserve (Officers).)

42. An Act to amend subsection (2) of section eleven of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925. (Workmen’s Compensation.)

43. An Act to amend the law relating to smoke nuisances and for other purposes connected therewith. (Public Health (Smoke Abatement).)

44. An Act to amend the law with respect to the salaries and pensions of persons hereafter appointed to be judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland, and with respegt to certain matters connected with that Court. (Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland.)

45. An Act to amend the law with respect to the sale of fertilisers and feeding stuffs. (Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.)

46. An Act to make further provision with respect to the University of London. (University of London.)

47. An Act to amend the law with respect to rating in Scotland, and for purposes incidental thereto or connected therewith.

. # (Rating (Scotland).)

48. An Act to amend the law relating to certification of deaths and the disposal of the dead. (Births and Deaths Registration.)

49. An Act to continue certain Expiring Laws. (Expiring Laws Continuance.)

Table of the Statutes. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

50. An Act to provide for the discontinuance of the Burgh

Registers of Sasines in Scotland. (Burgh Registers (Sdbt-

land),)

51. An Act to amend the law with respect to the supply of t

electricity. (Electricity (Supply).)

52. An Act to amend the Small Holdings and Allotments Acts,

1908 to 1919. (Small Holdings and Allotments.)

53. An Act to require an indication of origin to be given in the case of certain imported goods. (Merchandise Marks.)

54. An Act to facilitate the use of wireless telegraphy by the blind. (Wireless Telegraphy (Blind Persons Facilities).)

55. An Act to provide for the further relief of His. Majesty’s

Roman Catholic subjects. (Roman Catholic Relief.)

56. An Act to promote the provision of housing accommodation for agricultural workers and for persons whose economic condition is substantially the same as that of such workers and the improvement of such accommodation, by authorising the giving of financial assistance towards the reconstruction and improvement of houses and other buildings. (Housing (Rural Workers).)

57. An Act to amend the provisions of the Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1877, relating to the discontinuance of prisons, and the legalisation of police cells as places of detention.

(Prisons (Scotland).)

58. An Act to increase and extend the powers of the court to

inflict penal servitude in lieu of imprisonment in the case

of certain crimes. (Penal Servitude.)

59. An Act to amend the law relating to coroners. (Coroners

(Amendment).)

60. An Act to amend the law relating to children bom out of wedlock. (Legitimacy.) •

61. An Act to regulate the publication of reports of judicial proceedings in such manner as to prevent injury t& public *

morals. (Judicial Proceedings (Regulation of Reports).)

62. An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee certain loans

to be raised respectively by the Government of Palestine and by the Governments of certain territories in East

Africa. (Palestine and East Africa Loans.) '

63. An Act to provide for the better protection of the public

in relation to the sale of food, including agricultural and horticultural produce. (Sale of Food (Weights and

Measures).)

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

[16 Geo. 5.]

CHAPTER 1.

An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on

the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-five, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six, and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven.

[26th March 1926.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sums hereinafter mentioned; .and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the jidvice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, »and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as

follows:—

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the years ending on the thirty-first day of Maroh,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-five, and one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six, the sum of five

• million six hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred and seventy-eight pounds nine shillings and sevenpence.

A

Issue of 5, 656, 6781.

9s. Id. out of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the years ending

31st March,

1925 and

1926.

2

Ch. 1.

Issue of 174, 047; 500Z.

out of the

Consolidated Fund for the service of the year ending

31st March

1927.

Power for the Treasury

to borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

Consolidated Fund (No. 1) 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

2 . The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service

of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, the sum of one hundred and seventy-four million forty-seven thousand five hundred pounds.

3. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the

Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland may ■advance

to the Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum #

or sums not exceeding in the whole one hundred and seventy-nine million seven hundred and four thousand one hundred and seventy-eight pounds nine shillings and sevenpence.

(2) The-date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven and section six of the Treasury Bills

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, out of the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is.available.

4 . This Act may be cited as the Consolidated Fund

(No. 1) Act, 1926.

Short title.

1926.

Public Works Loans Act, 1926. Ch. 2, 3.

3

CHAPTER 2.

Aji Act to grant money for the purpose of certain local loans out of the Local Loans

Fund.

[26th March 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:

1.—(1) There may‘be issued by the National Debt Grants for

Commissioners for the purpose of local loans by the publio

Public Works Loan Commissioners any sum or sums not work8 -

exceeding in the whole the sum of thirty-five million pounds.

(2) The sums so issued shall be issued during a

period ending on the day on which a further Act granting money for the purposes of those loans comes into operation, and in accordance with the provisions of the

National Debt and Local Loans Act, 1887. 50 & 51 Vict.

c. 16.

2. This Act may be cited as the Public Works Short title.

Loans Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 3.

An Act to amend the Trade Facilities Acts, 1921 to

1925, by increasing the maximum limit of the loans in respect of which guarantees may be given ilnder those Acts and by extending the period

• within which such guarantees may be given,

and to extend the periods during which guarantees may respectively be given and remain

in force under the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920

to 1924.

[26th March 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

4

Ch. 3, 4.

Trade Facilities Act, 1926.

16 Geo. 5.

Increase of amount of loans which may be

guaranteed]

under

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 65.

and extension of period for giving guarantees.

Extension of periods during which guarantees may be given and remain

in force under

Overseas

Trade Acts,

1920 to 1924.

Short title.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

as follows:—

1. —(1) The maximum limit on the aggregate capital amount of the loans, the principal or interest of which may be guaranteed under subsection (1) of section one

of the Trade Facilities Act, 1921, as amended by any other enactment, shall be increased from seventy million pounds to seventy-five million pounds.

(2) The period within which guarantees may be

given under the said section one (which period -as now limited will expire on the thirty-first day of .March,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six) shall be extended by

one year.

2. The period within which new guarantees may be

given under the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920 to 1924, and the period during which guarantees given under the said Acts (including renewed guarantees) may remain in

force, shall be extended by three years so as to expire

on the eighth day of September, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, and the eighth day of September, nineteen hundred and thirty-three, respectively.

3. This Act may be cited as the Trade Facilities

Act, 1926, and the Trade Facilities Acts, 1921 to 1925,

and section one of this Act may be cited together as

the Trade Facilities Acts, 1921 to 1926, and the Overseas

Trade Acts, 1920 to 1924, and section two of this Act

may be cited together as the Overseas Trade Acts, 1920

to 1926.

CHAPTER 4.

An Act to confirm and give effect to an agreement made between the Treasury and the Ministry, of Finance for Northern Ireland with* a view to,

assimilating the burdens on the Exchequers of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland with respect to unemployment insurance,

[26th March 1926.]

WHEREAS* with a view to assimilating the burdens

on the Exchequer of the United Kingdom and the Exchequer of Northern Ireland, per head of population, in respect of unemployment insurance, the Treasury

1926. Unemployment Insurance Ch. 4. 5

{Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1926.

and*the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland have entered into the agreement set forth in the schedule to

£his Act, and it is expedient that the said agreement should be confirmed and that‘provision should be made for the payment of such sums as may be payable out

of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom thereunder:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sam6, as follows:—

1. —(1) The agreement set forth in the schedule to Confirms -

this Act is hereby confirmed, and shall have effect as tion of if enacted in this Act. scheduled agreement.

(2) Any sums certified by the Joint Exchequer

Board to be payable under the said agreement from the

Exchequer of the United Kingdom to the Exchequer

of Northern Ireland shall be charged on and paid out

of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or

the growing produce thereof.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Unemploy- Short title,

ment Insurance (Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, commence-

1926. ment. and duration.

(2) This Act shall not come into operation unless and until His Majesty, by Order in Council, declares that a corresponding Act has been passed by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, and shall cease to be in force

if and when His Majesty, by Order in Council, declares that such corresponding Act of the Parliament of Norther^ Ireland has ceased to be in force.

6

Ch. 4.

Unemployment Insurance 16 Geo. 5.

(Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1926.

SCHEDULE.

AGREEMENT made between the Treasury and the Ministry of Finance for Northern Ireland

WITH A VIEW TO ASSIMILATING THE BURDENS ON

the Exchequer of the United Kingdom and

on the Exchequer of Northern Ireland in

respect of Unemployment Insurance. # .

The Treasury and the Ministry of Finance for Northern •

Ireland, with a view to assimilating the burdens on the Exchequer

of the United Kingdom and the Exchequer of Northern Ireland,

per head of populations, in respect of unemployment insurance,

have entered into the following agreement:

1. There shall in respect of each financial year be ascertained the surplus or deficiency of the unemployment funds of Great

Britain and Northern Ireland, and the amount required to be paid into the fund which is, as compared with the other fund, in the less favourable position, in order to bring the funds into a state of parity in respect of that year, on the basis of the insured populations of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, respectively.

The fund which is in the less favourable position is

hereinafter referred to as " the poorer fund."

The payment required to be made into the poorer fund in

order to bring it into such a state of parity as aforesaid is

hereinafter referred to as " the equalisation payment."

The surplus or deficiency of an unemployment fund in

respect of any financial year shall be ascertained by comparing the receipts of the fund on income account in that year,

excluding any sums paid into the *fund during the year on

account of the equalisation payment under this agreement

or by way of advances from the Exchequer, with the expenditure from the fund on income account in the yearf including the amount paid for that year by way of interest 8n advaifces from the Exchequer made to that fund in that; or any pre-«

vious year and for the time being outstanding, but excluding any sums paid by way of repayment of advances from the

Exchequer.

2. If as respects any year there is paid into the pedrer fund

by way of grant from the Exchequer of the country to which that fund belongs, in addition to any other contributions payable into that fund from that Exchequer, an amount equal to the equalisation payment, there shall be paid into that Exchequer from the Exchequer of the other country, a contribution calculated in manner hereinafter appearing.

1926. Unemployment Insurance Ch. 4. 7

(Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1926.

3* The contribution from one Exchequer to the other in

respect of a financial year shall be a sum equal to three-fourths

of such sum as may be required to equalise per head of the population of the respective countries the payments from the

Exchequers of the respective countries into their respective unemployment funds in respect of that year (excluding any payments on account of advances from those Exchequers to

their respective unemployment funds but including, in the case of the country to which the poorer fund belongs, the amount of the equalisation payment).

4. There may be paid from time to time from the Exchequer

of the country to which an unemployment fund belongs into that

# fund sums on account of the equalisation payment which may ultimately be found to be due to that fund, and where any such payment on account is made from an Exchequer, there shall be

paid to that Exchequer from the Exchequer of the other country

on account of the contribution which may ultimately be found

to be due such sum as the Joint Exchequer Board may determine

to be proper.

5. If at any time the classes of persons insured, the rates

of contribution or the rates or conditions of benefit differ in

the two countries, there shall be made such adjustments in the amount of the equalisation payment and the contribution from one Exchequer to the other as the Joint Exchequer Board,

after consulting the Government Actuary, consider just.

6. —(1) If at any time the proportion of the receipts of an

unemployment fund which may be applied as an appropriation

in aid of moneys provided by Parliament for the purpose of administrative expenses differs in the two countries, and by

reason thereof the proportion of the receipts so applied in one country exceeds the amount which might have been so applied

if the proportions had been the same, the amount of such excess shall, for the purpose of determining the surplus or deficiency

of that fund, not be treated as expeniliture from that fund.

(2) The sums paid into an unemployment fund on account

of the equalisation payment under this agreement shall not be

tre*ated as receipts of the fund in determining the amount which

•may be paid ^, s an appropriation in aid of moneys provided by

Parliament for the purpose of administrative expenses.

7. Any question arising under this agreement as to the amount of any equalisation payment or of a contribution from one Exchequer to the other, or otherwise, shall be determined

by the Joint Exchequer Board, whose decision shall be final.

8. For the purposes of this agreement in relation to any financial year—

(a) the populations of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively shall be deemed to be such as may be

8 Ch. 4 Unemployment Insurance 16 Geo. 6.

(Northern Ireland Agreement) Act, 1926.

certified by the Registrar-General, after consultation with the Registrar-General for Scotland, and by the

Registrar-General of Northern Ireland, respectively,

to be in their opinion the population on the thirtieth day of June in that year;

(b) the expression "insured population" means the number of persons certified by the Minister of Labour and the Ministry of Labour for Northern

Ireland, respectively, with the concurrence of the

Government Actuary as being in their opinion the number of persons insured undej' the enactments relating to unemployment insurance in Great Britain and Northern Ireland, respectively, on the thirtieth day of June in that year (excluding persons insured under any special scheme made under any of those enactments).

9. This agreement shall not come into operation until confirmed by Acts of the Parliaments of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, but upon being so confirmed shall apply

as from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-

five, until the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty.

10. For the purposes of this agreement, the period from the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, to the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, shall

be deemed to be a financial year; and in relation to that period the period from the first day of April to the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and twenty-five, shall be deemed to

be a previous year, and references in paragraphs (a) and (6) of Article 8 of this agreement to the thirtieth day of June in a year shall be construed as references to the thirtieth day of June nineteen hundred and twenty-five. .

(Signed) H. M. POLLOCK. (Signed) WINSTON S. CHURCHILL.

FREDERICK CHARLES.

THOMSON.

10th February 1926.

1926.

Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1926. Ch. 5, 6.

9

CHAPTER 5.

An Act to amend section sixteen of the Allotments

(Scotland) Act, 1922.

[29th April 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:— •

. 1. Notwithstanding the provisions of section sixteen

of the Allotments (Scotland) Act, 1922, any local authority may, if they deem it expedient, take proceedings under the provisions of the Allotments Acts relating

to allotments if, in the opinion of the local authority, the expenses referred to in the said section may reasonably be

expected, after the proceedings are taken, to exceed the receipts of the local authority under these provisions by

no greater amount than would be produced by a rate of one penny in the pound.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Allotments

(Scotland) Act, 1926; and the Allotments (Scotland) Acts,

1892 to 1922, and this Act may be cited as the Allotments (Scotland) Acts, 1892 to 1926, and shall be

construed together as one Act.

(2) This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

CHAPTER 6.

An Act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army and

Air Force.

[29th April 1926.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping of a standing army within the United Kingdom in time of peace,

unless it be with the consent of Parliament, is against law:

And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty and this present Parliament that a body of land forces

Amendment

of 12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 52.

s. 16.

Short title,

construction and extent.

10 Ch. 6. Army and Air Force (Annual) 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

m

should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom and the defence of the possessions of His Majesty’s

Crown, and that the whole number of such forces should consist of one hundred and fifty-nine thousand four hundred, including those to be employed at the depots in the

United Kingdom for the training of recruits for service

at home and abroad, but exclusive of the numbers actually serving within His Majesty’s Indian possessions:

7 & 8 Geo. 5. And whereas under the Air Force (Constitution) Act,

c. 51. 1917, His Majesty is entitled to raise and maintain the air force, and it is judged necessary that *the whole number of such force should consist of thirty-five thousand •

five hundred, including those employed as aforesaid, but exclusive of the numbers serving as aforesaid, and the provisions of the Air Force Act are due to expire at the same dates as the provisions of the Army Act:

And whereas it is also judged necessary for the safety of the United Kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of this realm, that a body of Royal Marine forces should be employed in His Majesty’s fleet and naval service, under the direction of the Lord High

Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid:

And whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do duty or be on board transport ships or vessels, merchant ships or vessels,

or other ships or vessels, or they may be under other circumstances in which they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of His Majesty’s forces

by sea:

And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or

limb, or subjected in time of peace to apV kincj of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet, nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces, aqd other persons subject to military law or to the Air Force

Act, in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed and that persons belonging to the said forces who mutiny or stir up sedition, or desert His Majesty’s service,

or are guilty of crimes and offences to the prejudice of good order and military or air force discipline, be brought

1926.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 6.

11

to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow:

• And whereas the Army Act and the Air Force Act

will expire in the year one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six on the following days :—

(a) in Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel Islands,

and the Isle of Man, on the thirtieth day of April; and

(b) elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, on the thirty-first day of , July:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most.Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Army and Air Force

(Annual) Act, 1926.

2. —(1) The Army Act and the Air Force Act shall

be and remain in force during the periods hereinafter mentioned, and no longer, unless otherwise provided by

Parliament (that is to say):—

(a) Within Great Britain and Ireland, the Channel

Islands, and the Isle of Man, from the thirtieth day of April, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-six, to the thirtieth day of April, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, both inclusive; and *

(b) Elsewhere, whether within or without His

Majesty’s dominions, from the thirty-first day

. o4 July, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-

six, to the thirty-first day of July, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, both inclusive.

(2) The Army Act and the Air Force Act, while in

force, shall apply to persons subject to military law or to

the Air Force Act, as the case may be, whether within or

without His Majesty’s dominions.

(3) A person subject to military law or to the Air

Force Act shall not be exempted from the provisions of the Army Act or Air Force Act by reason only that the number of the forces for the time being in the service of Short title.

Army Act

and Air

Force Act

to be in

force for specified times.

12

Ch. 6.

Prices in

respect of billeting.

Amendment of s. 18 of Army Act.

Amendment

of a. 44 of Army Act.

Amendments of s. 52 of Army Act.

Amendments of s. 56 of Army Act.

Army and Air Force (Annual) 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

His Majesty, exclusive of the marine forces, is either greater or less than the numbers hereinbefore mentioned.

3. There shall be paid to the keeper of a victualling house for the accommodation provided by him in

pursuance of the Army Act or the Air Force Act the prices specified in the First Schedule to this Act.

AMENDMENTS OF ARMM AND

AIR FORCE ACTS.

Part I.

Amendments oe Army Act applicable also to

the Air Force Act.

4 . In paragraph (4) of section eighteen of the Army

Act (which relates to disgraceful conduct), for the words

" or embezzles " there shall be substituted the words

" embezzles or fraudulently misapplies."

5. In section forty-four of the Army Act (which relates to the scale of punishments by courts-martial)

after paragraph (g) there shall be inserted:

" (gg) Stoppages."

6. —(1) The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (1) of section fifty-two of the Army Act

(which relates to the administration of oaths):—

" (1) An oath in the prescribed form shall

be administered by the prescribed person to every member of every court-martial before the commencement of the trial." •

(2) In subsection (2) of the said section after the word "writer " there shall be inserted the words

"or interpreter."

7 . —(1)The following subsections shall be inserted after subsection (4) of section fifty-six of the'Army Act

(which makes conviction of a less offence permissible on

a charge of a greater offence):—

" (4a) An accused charged before a court-

martial with striking may be found guilty of using or offering violence.

I

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 6.

13

1926.

(4b) An accused charged before a court-

martial with using violence may be found guilty

# of offering violence.

(4c) An accused charged before a court-

martial with using threatening language may be

found guilty of using insubordinate language."

(2) The following subsection shall be inserted after subsection (5) of the said section:—

" (6) Where an accused is charged before a

court-marlial with a civil offence and the charge

. is one upon which, if he had been tried by a civil court he might have been found guilty of any other offence, the court-martial shall have power

to find him guilty of that offence."

8. The following subsection shall be substituted for Amend-

subsection (2) of section one hundred and thirty of the ment of Army Act (which contains provisions in cases of insane 8; 130 oi

persons):— A rmy Act.

" (2) Where, on the trial by court-martial of a person charged with an offence, it appears that such person did the act or made the omission with which he is charged, but that he was insane at

the time when he did or made the same, the court shall find specially that the accused was guilty of the act or omission charged but was insane at the time when he did the act or made the omission,

and such person shall be kept in custody in the prescribed manner until the directions of His

Majesty thereon are known."

9 . In section one hundred and sixty-one of the Amend-

Army Ac£ d(which relates to the limitation of time for ment of the trial of offences), after the word "Provided " there ct

shall be inserted the words "that a soldier who has rmy 0 *

" fraudulently enlisted during a period of re-engagement shall only forfeit the service rendered during such

" re-engagement, and."

10. —(1) With a view to simplifying the provisions Amendment

of the Army Act which relate to the execution of of prosentences of penal servitude, imprisonment and deten- ons t *

tion, the nature and locality of the penal establishments ex ^ftion of in which those sentences are to be served, and the sentences,

&c.

14

Ch. 6.

Application

to Air

Force.

Amendments of as. 48 and 49

of Army

Act.

Army and Air Farce (Annual) 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

treatment to be accorded to soldiers under sentence, the following amendments shall be made in the said Act:—

(a) For sections fifty-eight to sixty-eight inclusive there shall be substituted the provisions contained in Part I. of the Second Schedule to this Act:

(b) For sections one hundred and thirty-one to

one hundred and thirty-five inclusive there shall be substituted the provisions contained

in Part II. of the said Schedule.:

(c) The proviso contained in Part III. of the said

Schedule shall be inserted after proviso (1a) *

to section forty-four.

(2) This section shall not come into operation until the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-

six.

11. References in this Part of this Act to the Army

Act shall be deemed to include references to the Air

Force Act, and the provisions of this Part of this Act

(including the Second Schedule thereto) shall in their application to the Air Force Act have effect subject

to any of the general modifications set out in Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Air Force Constitution Act,

1917, which apply, and also with the substitution of " military prison " and " military detention barrack "

for " air force prison " and " air force detention barrack."

Part II. *

Amendments of Army Act.

12. — (1) The following paragraph shall be inserted

at the end of section forty-eight of the Army Act (which,

enacts certain rules with respect to general and district courts-martial):—

" (10) If it becomes necessary to convene a

court-martial under this Act at any plate where

in the opinion of the convening officer the necessary number of military officers is not available to form such a court, or where in his opinion such a necessary number could not be

made available without serious injury to the

1926.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 6.

15

interests of the service, such opinion to be expressed in the order convening the court, and to

# be conclusive, then the said convening officer may, subject to any directions which may be

given by the Army Council and with the consent of the proper air force authority, nominate any air force officer to preside over the court, or

nominate as members of the court any necessary number of air force officers in addition to or in

lieu of military officers:

• Provided that no air force officer shall be

, qualified to perform any function in relation to

such court-martial unless he is of equal seniority and equivalent rank to that which would have been required by the provisions of this Act if he

had been a military officer."

(2) In subsection (2) of section forty-nine of the

Army Act (which relates to field general courts-martial)

after the word "Act " there shall be inserted the words

" except paragraph (10) thereof."

13. —(1) The provisions of section one hundred and eight a of the Army Act (which relates to billeting in

cases of emergency) shall have effect in case of emergency notwithstanding that directions have not been given for embodying all or any part of the territorial army, and accordingly in subsection (1) of that section the words "where directions have been given for em-

" bodying all or any part of the Territorial Army"

shall be omitted. .

(2) In subsection (4) of section one hundred and eighty-one of the Army Act (which contains modifications of the Act with respect to the auxiliary forces),

after the word "behalf " there shall be inserted the words "or When called out for actual military service

" for purposes of defence in the United Kingdom."

14. —(1) In subsection (1) of section eighty-two of the ArnrjP Act (which relates to enlistment for general service and appointment to corps), the words "of the regular forces " shall be omitted, and in subsection (2)

of the said section for the words "to some corps of the regular forces " there shall be substituted the words

Amendment of provisions

as to

billeting.

Amendments of ss. 82, 100

and 161 of Army Act.

16

Ch. 6.

Army and Air Force (Annual) 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

" to such corps as the competent military authority may

" think fit."

(2) In subsection (2) of section one hundred of the

Army Act (which relates to the validity of attestation and enlistment or re-engagement), for the words "in any

" corps of His Majesty’s regular forces " there shall be

substituted the words "of the regular forces."

(3) In section one hundred and sixty-one of the

Army Act (which relates to liability to military law in

respect of the time for trial of offences), for the words

" in any corps of His Majesty’s regular forces " there shall be substituted the words "as a soldier of the regular* ‘

" forces."

Part III.

Amendments of the Air Force Act.

Amend- 15 . In subsection (2) of section one hundred and ment of seventy-nine A of the Air Force Act (which prescribes

s 179 a of the modifications of that Act with respect to sailors and

Air Force soldiers attached to the Air Force) for the words "when

" not subject to the Naval Discipline Act" there shall

be substituted the words "other than one who remains

" subject to the Naval Discipline Act by virtue of " subsection (1a) of section one hundred and seventy-

" five or subsection (1a) of section one himdred and

" seventy-six of this Act."

16 . The following paragraph shall be inserted after paragraph (8) of section one himdred and ninety of the

Air Force Act (which relates to the interpretation of terms in that Act):—

" (9) The expression ‘ Royal Warrant’•includes an order of His Majesty signified under th«

hand of a Secretary of State."

Amendment of s. 190 of Air Force

Act.

1926.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 6.

17

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Accommodation to be provided.

Maximum Price.

Lodging and attendance for soldier Tenpence per night where meals furnished.

Breakfast as specified in Part I. of the

Second Schedule to the Army Act.

Dinner as so specified -

Supper as so specified -

Where no meals furnished, lodging and attendance, and candles, vinegar, salt,

and the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating his meat.

Stable room and ten pounds of oats,

twelve pounds of hay, and eight pounds of straw per day for each horse.

Stable room without forage -

Lodging and attendance for officer -

for the first soldier and eightpence per night for each additional soldier.

Sevenpence each.

Tenpence.

Fourpence.

Tenpence per night for the first soldier and eightpence per night for each additional soldier.

Two shillings and twopence per day.

- Sixpence per day.

- Three shillings per night.

Note ..—An officer shall pay for his food.

In the application of this Schedule to the Air Force references

to the Air Force Act and airman shall be substituted for references to the Army Act and soldier.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Sections to be substituted for ss. 58 to 68

of the Army Act.

Penal Servitude.

58. Where a sentence of penal servitude is passed by a

court-martial, the military convict shall, as soon as practicable,

be committed to a penal servitude prison to undergo his sentence according to law:

B

Effect of sentence

of penal servitude.

18

Ch. 6.

2nd Sch.

— eont.

Place in

which sentence to be

served.

Interim custody of military convict before arrival at

penal servitude prison.

Committal,

removal,

release, &c.,

of military convict.

Army and Air Force (Annual)16 Geo. 5,

Act, 1926.

Provided that where the sentence was passed for an offence committed on active service, the competent military authority may order that any part of the sentence, not exceeding two years, shall be served in a military prison in accordance with rules made for the purpose under this Act, and in such case the provisions of this Act with respect to penal servitude (except those relating to the treatment of a military convict on arrival

at a penal servitude prison), shall, with respect to the part of the sentence to be so served, have effect as though for references

to a penal servitude prison there were substituted references to

a military prison.

59. The penal servitude prison to which a military convict

is committed shall be a penal servitude prison in the United* •

Kingdom, unless the convict—

(a) was sentenced in India or a colony, and belongs to a

class of persons with respect to whom the Secretary of State by declaration laid before both Houses of Parliament has declared that by reasons of climate, place

of birth, place of enlistment or otherwise, transfer to

the United Kingdom would not be beneficial; or

(b) was enlisted in a colony, and belongs to a class of persons so enlisted with respect to whom the Secretary

of State has arranged with the Governor of that colony that they may, if sentenced to penal servitude, be

transferred to or kept in the colony and there undergo sentence,

in either of which cases he may undergo his sentence in India or

the colony, as the case may require.

60. —(1) Until transferred to a penal servitude prison a

military convict—

(a) if in the United Kingdom or a foreign country, shall be

kept in military custody;

(b) if in India or a colony, may be kept in military custody or in civil custody, or partly in one description of custody and partly in the other,

and may, by order of the competent military authority,

from time to time be transferred from military custody

to civil custody and from civil custody to military custody as occasion may require.

(2) A military convict in India or a colony may, whilst

in civil custody in any prison, be dealt with, in respect

of hard labour and otherwise, according to the rules of that prison.

61. —(1) An order of the competent military authority shall

be a sufficient warrant for the committal of a military convict to

a penal servitude prison.

1926. Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 6. 19

Act, 1926.

(2) An order of the competent military authority shall 2no

be a sufficient authority for the transfer of the military con '

convict from military custody to civil custody and from civil custody to military custody, and his removal from place to

place, and for his detention in civil custody, and generally for dealing with such convict in such manner as may be

thought expedient until he is transferred to a penal servitude prison.

(3) A military convict at any time either before or after his arrival at a penal servitude prison, may, if his sentence

is remitted, be released by order of the competent military authority. •

, (4) A military convict may, during his conveyance from place to place, or when on board ship or otherwise, be subjected

to such restraint as is necessary for his safe conduct and removal.

62. After a military convict has arrived at a penal servitude Treatment prison to undergo his sentence, he shall be dealt with in the of military same manner as an ordinary civil prisoner under sentence

of penal servitude; and all enactments relating to a person ^itude sentenced to penal servitude by a competent civil court shall, prison,

so far as circumstances admit, apply accordingly.

Imprisonment and Detention.

63. —(1) Where a sentence of imprisonment is passed by Effect of a court-martial, the military prisoner shall undergo the term sentence of of his imprisonment either in a military prison, or detention mipnson-

barrack, or in other military custody, or in a civil prison, or detention partly in one way and partly in another.

(2) Where a sentence of detention is passed by a court-martial

or a commanding officer, the person on whom that sentence has been passed shall undergo the term of his detention either in a

detention barrack, or in military custody, or partly in one way and partly in the other, but not in a prison.

•64.—(l)*Subject to the provisions of this section, a place in

ipilitary prisoner or soldier under sentence of detention who which sen-

was sentenced or is undergoing his sentence in the United tence to be

Kingdom shall not be removed to a prison or detention barrack Berved -

elsewhere, unless he was enlisted in a colony and belongs to a

class of persons so enlisted with respect to whom the Secretary of State has arranged with the Governor of that colony that they may, if sentenced to imprisonment or detention, be transferred

to the colony and there undergo sentence, in which case he may

be removed to a prison or detention barrack in that colony.

(2) The competent military authority may give directions for delivery into military custody of any military prisoner or

20 Ch. 6. Army and Air Force (Annual)16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

2nd Sch. soldier undergoing detention, and the removal of such prisoner

— cont. or soldier, whether with his corps or separately, to any place beyond the seas where the corps or any part thereof to which for the time being he belongs is serving or under orders to serve?

(3) A military prisoner or soldier under sentence of detention who was sentenced in a foreign country shall undergo his sentence either in that foreign country, or in any foreign country in which the force with which he is serving may be, or in the United

Kingdom, or in such other place as may be prescribed.

(4) A military prisoner or soldier under sentence of detention who was sentenced in India or a colony shall Undergo his sentence either in India or in that colony (as the case may bej, or in such other part of His Majesty’s dominions as may be prescribed, oi*«

in the United Kingdom:

Provided that—

(a) if the term of his sentence exceeds twelve months, he

shall be transferred as soon as practicable to a prison

or detention barrack in the United Kingdom, unless—

(i) he belongs to a class of persons with respect

to whom the Secretary of State by declaration laid before both Houses of Parliament has declared that by reasons of climate, place of birth, place of enlistment or otherwise, transfer to the United

Kingdom would not be beneficial; or

(ii) the court for special reasons otherwise orders;

and any order which may be made under this provision

by the court may be made by the confirming authority

in confirming the finding and sentence, and in the case of any commutation or remission of sentence may be made by the authority commuting or

remitting the sentence; ^md

(b) a military prisoner or soldier undergoing detention

in Indik or a colony shall not, for longer than is

absolutely necessary, be detained in any civil prison other than a prison in respect of whichrfirrangeqjents have been made by the Secretary of State under this Act with the Governor-General of India or the

Governor of the colony.

65. A military prisoner or soldier undergoing detention may until he reaches the prison or detention barrack in which he is

to undergo his sentence, be kept in military custody or in civil custody, or partly in one description of custody and partly in the other, and may, by order of the competent military authority,

from time to time be transferred from military custody to civil custody, and from civil custody to military custody as occasion may require.

Interim custody of military prisoner or

soldier undergoing detention. '

1926.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 6.

21

66. — (1) An order of the competent military authority shall 2nd Son.

be a sufficient warrant for the committal of a military prisoner to — cone.

prison or a detention barrack, or a soldier under sentence of C° mmi ttal,

detention to a detention barrack. release, &c

(2) An order of the competent military authority shall of military

be a sufficient authority for the transfer of a military prisoner or

from prison to a detention barrack, or vice versa, or from one undergoing prison or detention barrack to another prison or detention detention,

barrack, or for the transfer of a soldier undergoing detention from one detention barrack to another, or for the delivery into military custody of a military prisoner or a soldier undergoing detention. •

• (3) A military prisoner or a soldier undergoing detention may at any time, if his sentence is remitted, be released by order

of the competent military authority.

(4) A military prisoner or a soldier undergoing detention may, during his conveyance from place to place, or when on

board ship or otherwise, be subjected to such restraint as is

necessary for his safe conduct and removal.

67.—(1) A military prisoner while in a civil prison shall Treatment

be confined, kept to hard labour, and otherwise dealt with in and classi-

the same manner as an ordinary prisoner under a like sentence fication of of imprisonment.

(2) Where the hospital or place for reception of sick persons prisons,

in a prison or a detention barrack is detached from the prison

or detention barrack, a military prisoner or a soldier undergoing detention may be detained in that hospital or place, and conveyed

to or from the same as circumstances require.

(3) Whereas it is expedient that a clear difference should

be made between the treatment of prisoners convicted of breaches of discipline and the treatment of prisoners convicted

of offences of an immoral, dishonest, shameful, or criminal character, or sentenced to be discharged from the service with ignominy, a* Secretary of State shall from time to time make rulesifor the classification and treatment of such prisoners.

Commencement of Sentence and Interpretation of Provisions

as to Punishment.

68. — f 1) The term of penal servitude, imprisonment, or deten- Commence-

tion to which a person subject to military law is sentenced by a m0 nt of court-martial, whether the sentence has been revised or not, so | ltenco an< *

and whether the person is already undergoing sentence or not tiontrfpro-

shall (save as otherwise expressly provided in this Act), be visions as to

reckoned to commence on the day on which the original sentence punish-

and proceedings were signed by the president of the court-martial. ments>

22

Ch. 6.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Army and Air Force (Annual) 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(2) For the purpose of the provisions of this Act relating

to penal servitude, imprisonment and detention unless the context otherwise requires— ,

(a) The expression "military convict" means a person under sentence of penal servitude passed by a court-

martial:

(b) The expression "military prisoner" means a person under sentence of imprisonment passed by a court-

martial:

(c) The expression "civil custody" means the custody of the police or other lawful civil authority, authorised

to retain in custody civil prisoners, and includes confinement in a civil prison: *

(d) The expression "military prison" means a building

or part of a building set apart as such under this Act

and includes (unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs) an air force prison:

(e) The expression "detention barrack" means a building

or part of a building set apart as such under this Act,

and includes (unless the Secretary of State otherwise directs) an air force detention barrack:

(f) The expression "civil prison" means any prison in

the United Kingdom in which offenders sentenced by

a civil court to imprisonment can for the time being

be confined, and any prison in India or a colony in

which European offenders so sentenced can for the time being be confined:

(g) The expression "penal servitude prison" means any prison or place in which a person sentenced to penal servitude by a civil court in the United Kingdom can for the time being be confined, either permanently or

temporarily, and any prison or place in India or a

colony in which persons sentenced to penal servitude

by a civil court in India or the colony can for the time being be confined:•

Provided that where there is no such pri&m or plate in

a colony the expression "penal servitude prison " shaty,

as respects that colony, mean a civil prison:

(A) The expression "competent military authority " means

in relation to persons—

(i) in the United Kingdom, the Army @cfuncil, and any prescribed officer;

(ii) in India or a colony any prescribed officer;

(iii) in a foreign country, the officer commanding the force to which the person under sentence belonged

at the time of his being sentenced, and any prescribed officer;

1926. Army and Air Force (Annual) Ch. 6.

Act, 1926.

Provided that different officers may be so prescribed

as the competent mili tary authority for different purposes

of the said provisions, and provision may be made by

* rules of procedure as to whether the competent military authority, in relation to any person under sentence,

shall be the competent military authority in the place where the sentence was passed or the competent military authority in the place where that person may be.

Part II.

Sections to*be substituted fob, ss. 131 to 135

of the Army Act.

General Provisions as to Prisons and Detention Barracks.

131. —(1) The governor of every prison in the United

Kingdom shall receive and confine, until discharged or delivered over in due course of law—

(a) all prisoners sent to such prison in pursuance of this Act; and

(b) every person delivered into his custody as a deserter or

absentee without leave by any person conveying him under legal authority on production of the warrant of a court of summary jurisdiction on which such deserter

or absentee without leave has been taken or committed,

or of some order from a Secretary of State which order shall continue in force until the deserter or absentee without leave has arrived at his destination.

(2) Every such governor shall also receive into his custody for a period not exceeding seven days any soldier in military custody upon delivery to him of a written order purporting to be

signed by the commanding officer of such soldier.

(3) The provisions of this section with respect to the governor of a prison in the United Kingdom shall apply to

a person having charge of any police station or other place in

which prisoners may legally be confined.

132. —(1) Jt shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, and

in India for the Governor-General, to set apart any building

or part of a building under the control of the Secretary of State

or Governor-General as a military prison or detention barrack.

(2) Ii^ shall be lawful for a Secretary of State, and in India for the Governor-General, from time to time to make, alter,

and repeal rules—

(a) for the government, management, and regulation of military prisons and detention barracks; and

(b) for the appointment and removal and powers of inspectors, visitors, governors, and officers thereof; and

23

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Duty of governor of prison to

receive prisoners,

deserters and absentees

■without leave.

Establishment and regulation of military prisons and detention barracks.

24

Ch. 6.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 21.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 41.

60 & 51 Vict,

c. 71.

28 & 29 Vict,

c. 126.

Provisions as

to military prisons and detention barracks on

active service.

Army and Air Force (Annual) 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(c) for the labour of military or other prisoners and soldiers undergoing detention therein, and for enabling such prisoners or soldiers to earn, by special industry and good conduct, a remission of portion of their sentence;

and

(d) for the safe custody of such prisoners or soldiers and the maintenance of discipline among them, and the punishment by personal correction, restraint or otherwise of offences committed by such prisoners or soldiers:

Provided that—

(i) such rules shall not authorise corpofal punishment to

be inflicted for any offence, nor render the imprisonment or detention more severe than it is under the *

law in force for the time being in any public prison

in England subject to the Prison Act, 1877; and

(ii) all the regulations made under the Prison Act, 1898,

as to the duties of gaolers and medical officers and all regulations contained in the Coroners Act, 1887, as to

the duties of coroners with respect to inquests in prisons and detention barracks, shall be contained in such rules,

so far as the same can be made applicable.

The Secretary of State and Governor-General shall by

rule under this subsection make special provision as to the treatment of military convicts under sentence for an offence committed on active service who, in pursuance of the provisions

of this Act, are required to serve part of their sentences in a

military prison.

(3) Rules under this section may apply to military prisons and detention barracks any enactments of the Prison Act, 1865,

imposing punishments on any persons not prisoners.

(4) All rules made by a Secretary of State in pursuance

of this section shall be laid before Parliament as soon as

practicable after they are made.

133. In any country in which operations against the enemy are being conducted, the powers of a Secretary of Slate under the last foregoing section with respect to military prisons and detention barracks shall be exerciseable by the officer commanding-in-chief in the field, and shall include a power

of declaring any place to be a military prison or a detention barrack, and the limitations contained in that section on the power of making rules as to the punishment of prisoners and soldiers undergoing detention and as to the severity of imprisonment and detention shall not apply:Provided that nothing in

this section, or in any rules made thereunder, shall authorise flogging or other corporal punishment to be inflicted for any offence.

1926.

Army and Air Force (Annual)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 6.

25

134. —(1) On all occasions of death by violence or attended with suspicious circumstances, in any military prison or detention barrack in India, an inquest shall be held to make inquiry into

th5 cause of death.

(2) The commanding officer shall cause notice to be given

to the nearest magistrate duly authorised to hold inquests, and such magistrate shall hold an inquest into the cause of any such death, in the manner and with the powers provided in the case of similar inquiries held under the law for the time being

in force in India for regulating cr imin al procedure.

(3) Where there is no such magistrate available, the com-

manding officer shall convene a court of inquest which shall be

convened and shall hold the inquest in such manner as may be

prescribed.

135. A Secretary of State may from time to time make arrangements with the Governor-General of India or the

Governor of a colony for the reception in any prison in India

or in such colony of prisoners under this Act and of deserters

or absentees without leave from His Majesty’s service, on

payment of such sums as may be provided by the arrangement and the governor of any prison to which any such arrangement relates shall be under the same obligation as the governor of a prison in the United Kingdom to receive and detain such prisoners, deserters and absentees without leave, and the provisions of section one hundred and thirty-one of this Act

shall apply accordingly with this modification, that the reference

to orders from a Secretary of State shall be construed as

including orders from the Governor-General of India or the

Governor of the colony as the case may be.

Part IIL

Proviso; to be inserted in s. 44 of the Army Act.

* (1b) An* offender under this Act shall not be subject to

imprisonment dr detention for more than two consecutive years,

whether under one or more sentences.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Inquests on

deaths in

military prisons and detention barracks in

India.

Arrangements as to

civil prisons

in India or

colony.

26 Ch. 7. Bankruptcy (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 7.

An Act to amend the Bankruptcy Act, 1914.

[16th June 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common ^, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority oh the same, as follows:— ,

Amendments

of 4 & 5

Geo. 5.

o. 59. s. 26.

1.—(1) So much of subsection (2) of section twenty-

six of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914 (hereinafter referred to

as the "principal Act"), as requires the Court to refuse the discharge of a bankrupt in all cases where he has committed a felony or misdemeanour connected with his bankruptcy unless for special reasons the Court otherwise determines, and so much of the said subsection as

requires the Court, where on proof of any of the facts mentioned in subsection (3) of the said section the Court suspends the discharge of a bankrupt, to do so for a

period of not less than two years, shall cease to have effect, and in the said subsection (2)—

(a) there shall be substituted for the words from the beginning of the first proviso down to the word "either " the words following, that is to

say:—

" Provided that where the bankrupt has

" committed any misdemeanour under this

" Act, or any enactment repealed by this

" Act, or any other misdemeanour*connected

" with his bankruptcy or any felony Con-

" nected with his bankruptcy, or where in

" any case any of the facts hereinafter

" mentioned are proved, the Court shall

" either—and

(b) there shall be substituted for paragraph (ii) of the said first proviso the following paragraph,

that is to say:—

" (ii) suspend the discharge for such period

" as the Court thinks proper; or "

1926.

Bankruptcy (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 7.

27

(2) There shall be substituted for paragraph (h) of subsection (3) of the said section twenty-six of the paincipal Act the following paragraph, that is to say:—

" (h) That the bankrupt has brought on or

" contributed to his bankruptcy by incurring

" unjustifiable expense in bringing any frivolous

" or vexatious action; "

2. For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared that the priority given by section thirty-three of the principal *Act to the wages or salary of any clerk or

•servant in respect of services rendered to a bankrupt during four months before the date of the receiving order, not exceeding fifty pounds, applies to any such wages or salary as aforesaid whether or not earned wholly or in part by way of commission.

3. For section thirty-nine of the principal Act

(which relates to second or subsequent bankruptcies)

there shall be substituted the following section,

that is to say:—

"(1) Where a second or subsequent receiving

" order is made against a bankrupt, or where an

" order is made for the administration in bank-

" ruptcy of the estate of a deceased bankrupt, then

" for the purposes of any proceedings consequent

" upon any such order, the trustee in the last

" preceding bankruptcy shall be deemed to be a

" creditor in respect of any unsatisfied balance of " the debts provable against the property of the

" bankrupt in that bankruptcy.

" (2) In the event of a second or subsequent

• " receiving order made against a bankrupt being

" followed by an order adjudging him bankrupt,

" or in the event of an order being made for the

" administration in bankruptcy of the estate of " a deceased bankrupt, any property acquired

". jay him since he was last adjudged bankrupt,

" which at the date when the subsequent petition

" was presented had not been distributed amongst

" the creditors in such last preceding bankruptcy,

" shall (subject to any disposition thereof made

" by the official receiver or trustee in that bank-

" ruptcy, without knowledge of the presentation

Explanation

of 4 & 5

Geo. 5. c. 59.

s. 33.

Amendment

of 4 & 5

Geo. 5. c. 59.

s. 39.

28 Ch. 7. Bankruptcy (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. f>.

Act, 1926.

" of the subsequent petition, and subject to the

" provisions of section forty-seven of this Act)

" vest in the trustee in the subsequent bank-

" ruptcy or administration in bankruptcy as the

" case may be.

" (3) Where the trustee in any bankruptcy

" receives notice of a subsequent petition in

" bankruptcy against the bankrupt or after his

" decease of a petition for the administration

" of his estate in bankruptcy, the trustee shall

" hold any property then in his possession whigh

" has been acquired by the bankrupt since he_

" was adjudged bankrupt until the subsequent

" petition has been disposed of, and, if on the

" subsequent petition an order of adjudication or

" an order for the administration of the estate

" in bankruptcy is made, he shall transfer all

" such property or the proceeds thereof (after

v deducting his costs and expenses) to the trustee

" in the subsequent bankruptcy or administration

" in bankruptcy, as the case may be."

Recovery of 4. Where any money or property of a bankrupt property has, on or after the date of the receiving order but without" 3 before notice thereof has been gazetted in the prescribed knowledge manner, been paid or transferred by a person having

of receiving possession of it to some other person, and the payment order. or transfer is under the provisions of the principal Act

void as against the trustee in the bankruptcy, then,

if the person by whom the payment or transfer was made proves that when it was made he had not had notice of the receiving order, any right of recovery which the trustee may have against him in respect of the money or property shall not be enforced by ^ny

.legal proceedings except where and in so far as the court

is satisfied that it is not reasonably practicable for thd trustee to recover in respect of the money or property or

of some part thereof from the person to whom it was paid or transferred.

Amend- 5.—(1) Section one hundred and fifty-four of the ments of principal Act (which provides among other things that

4 5 eo (^- any person who has been adjudged bankrupt or in

‘ 8 ‘ ' respect of whose estate a receiving order has been made,

shall be guilty of a misdemeanour if he commits any of 1926!

Bankruptcy (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 7.

29

the acts or omissions mentioned in paragraphs (4), (5),

(9), (10), (11) and (12), of the said section within six months next before the presentation of the bankruptcy petition by or against him, or if he commits any of the acts mentioned in paragraphs (13), (14) and (15) of the said section within six months next before the presentation of the bankruptcy petition by or against him, or,

in the case of a receiving order made under section one hundred and seven of the principal Act, before the date

of the order), shall have eSect as if in the said paragraphs (4), (5), ’(9), (10), (11), (12), (13), (14) and (15)

thereof, the words "twelve months " were substituted

’ for the words "six months " wherever those words occur.

(2) The said section one hundred and fifty-four shall have effect as though the following subsections were inserted therein, that is to say:—

" (2) Any person guilty of a misdemeanour in

" the cases mentioned respectively in paragraphs

" (13), (14) and (15) of the last foregoing sub-

" section shall be liable on conviction on indict-

" ment to penal servitude for any term not

" exceeding five years, or, on summary conviction

" to imprisonment for a term not exceeding

44 twelve months.

" (3) Where any person pawns, pledges or

" disposes of any property in circumstances which

" amount to a misdemeanour under paragraph (15)

" of subsection (1) of this section, every person

" who takes in pawn or pledge or otherwise

" receives the property knowing it to be pawned,

" pledged or disposed of in such circumstances

" as aforesaid shall be guilty of a misdemeanour,

" drjd on conviction thereof liable to be punished

" in the same way as if he had received the

• " property knowing it to have been obtained in

" circumstances amounting to a misdemeanour."

6. For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared that if any person who has been adjudged bankrupt, or

in respect of whose estate a receiving order has been made, has with intent to defraud his creditors or any of them caused or connived at the levying of any execution against his property he shall for the purposes of paragraph (b) of section one hundred and fifty-six of the

Explanation

of 4 & 5

Geo. 5. c. 59.

s. 156.

30

Amendments of 4&5 Geo. 5.

c. 59. s. 158.

Ch. 7. Bankruptcy (Amendment)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

principal Act be deemed to have made a transfer of or

charge on his property, and shall accordingly be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. As from the expiration of a period of two years after the commencement of this Act, section one hundred and fifty-eight of the principal Act (which relates to the failure of bankrupts to keep proper accounts) shall have effect as if—

(a) there were substituted for subjection (1) thereof the following subsection, that is to say :—

" (1) Any person who has been adjudged' *

" bankrupt or in respect of whose estate a

" receiving order has been made shall be

" guilty of a misdemeanour, if, having been

" engaged in any trade or business during

" any period in the two years immediately

" preceding the date of the presentation

" of the bankruptcy petition, he has not

" kept proper books of account throughout

" that period and throughout any further

" period in which he was so engaged between

" the date of the presentation of the petition

" and the date of the receiving order, or

" has not preserved all books of account so

" kept:

" Provided that a person who has not kept

" or has not preserved such books of account

" shall not be convicted of an offence under

" this section—

" (a) if his unsecured liabilities at the date

" of the receiving order did not .exceed, in

" the case of a person who has^iot on *any

" previous occasion been adjudged bank-

" rupt or made a composition or arrange-

" ment with his creditors five hundred

" pounds, or in any other case one hundred

" pounds; or *

" (6) if he proves that in the circum-

" stances in which he traded or carried

" on business the omission was honest and

" excusable."

; and

1926. Bankruptcy (Amendment) Ch. 7. 01

Act, 1926.

4

(b) there were substituted for subsection (3) thereof the following subsection, that is to say :—

• " (3) For the purposes of this section, a

" person shall be deemed not to have kept

" proper books of account if he has not kept

" such books or accounts as are necessary to

. " exhibit or explain his transactions and

" financial position in his trade or business,

" including a book or books containing entries

" from day to day in sufficient detail of all

• " cash received and cash paid, and, where the

, " trade or business has involved dealings in

" goods, statements of annual stocktakings,

" and (except in the case of goods sold by

" way of retail trade to the actual consumer)

" accounts of all goods sold and purchased

" showing the buyers and sellers thereof " in sufficient detail to enable the goods

" and the buyers and sellers thereof to be

" identified."

8. It shall not in any case be obligatory on the Amendment court to make an order under section one hundred and of 4 & 5

sixty-one of the principal Act (which requires the court Geo. 5. c - 59 -

in the circumstances therein mentioned to order the 8 ‘

prosecution of a debtor), unless it appears to the court that the circumstances are such as to render a prosecution desirable; and accordingly the said section shall have eflect as if there were therein inserted after the word

" convicted " the words "and that the circumstances are

" such as to render a prosecution desirable, " and the proviso to the said section is hereby repealed.

9. Section one hundred and sixty-three of the Repeal of principal Act (which empowers a court to commit for 4 &, 5 Geo. 5.

trial any person whom the court has ground to believe to c - 59 8 - 163 -

have committed a statutory misdemeanour in cases of bankruptcy) is hereby repealed.

10. Section one hundred and sixty-four of the Amend-

principal Act (which in subsection (1) thereof provides, ment of among other things, that a person guilty of an offence 4 & 5 Geo. 5.

declared to be a felony or misdemeanour under that Act in C- 59, s - 164 ‘

respect of which no special penalty is imposed by that Act

shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding, six months) shall have effect as

32

Amendment

of 4 & 5

Geo. 5.0.59.

Sched. 2.

Short title,

citation and construction.

Ch. 7, 8. Bankruptcy (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

if in the said subsection (1) thereof the words "twelve months " were substituted for the words "six months."

11. Rule 5 of the Second Schedule to the principal

Act (which requires the affidavit proving a debt to state whether or not the creditor is a secured creditor) shall have effect as if there were inserted at the end thereof the following provision, that is to say :—

" and if it is found at any time that the affidavit

" made by or on behalf of a secured creditor

" has omitted to state that *he is *a secured

" creditor, the secured creditor shall surrender

" his security to the official receiver or trustee

u for the general benefit of the creditors unless

" the Court on application is satisfied that the

" omission has arisen from inadvertence, and

" in that case the Court may allow the affidavit

" to be amended upon such terms as to the

" repayment of any dividends or otherwise as

" the Court may consider to be just."

12. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Bankruptcy

(Amendment) Act, 1926, and this Act and the principal

Act may be cited together as the Bankruptcy Acts, 1914

and 1926.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the principal Act shall be

construed as references to that Act as amended by this Act, and this Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

CHAPTER 8.

An Act to amend the law with* respect to

measuring instruments, and with respect to

the power to charge fees in connection with the testing of weighing and measuring apparatus.

[16th June 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Ch. 8.

33

1926. Weights and Measures

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

* 1, The definition of "measuring instrument " Definition of contained in section thirty-five of the Weights and measuring

Measures Act, 1889, shall be extended so as to include instrument,

any instrument for the measuring of superficial area, or 52<fc53 Vict.

for measurement by counting. °- 21 •

2. The power of the Board of Trade to make general Regulations regulations under section five of the Weights and a* to

Measures Act, 1904, shall include power to apply to any measuring such measuring instruments used for trade as are specified n r '

in the regulations any of the provisions, including penal 4 Edw ?

provisions, of the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 0 2 8.

1904, with respect to weights, measures, or weighing instruments, and to make such consequential or supplemental provisions as appear necessary for giving full effect to the regulations.

3. —(1) Any power conferred by the Weights and Power to

Measures Acts, 1878 to 1904, or the Fees (Increase) Act, charge fees

1923, on the Board of Trade, or on inspectors of weights m eonnec-

and measures, to charge fees in respect of the testing, 5*?., L

examination, comparison or verification of any weighing 0 f weighing

or measuring apparatus shall include and be deemed and measur-

always to have included power to charge fees in respect ing ap-

of the matters aforesaid whether or not the apparatus P* r tus -

is found correct or is stamped. c °‘ ’

(2) The power of His Majesty under section nine of the Weights and Measures Act, 1904, of specifying by

Order in Council new fees to be paid in respect of the verification and stamping of weights, measures, and weighing afld measuring instruments shall include and

he deemed always to have included the power of specifying fees to be paid whether or not the weighing or

measuring apparatus is found correct or is stamped.

(3) Iq this section the expression "weighing or

measuring apparatus " includes weights, measures,

weighing and measuring instruments, local standards and other standards.

4. The Weights and Measures (Leather Measure- Repeal of ment) Act, 1919, is hereby repealed: 9 & 10

/n Geo. 5. o, 2d *

34

Ch. 8, 9.

Weights and Measures 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1926.

Short title,

citation and extent.

Amendment

as to proportion of contributions payable

Provided that any regulations made and any certificates given under the powers conferred by that

Act shall continue in force and shall have effect as though made or given under the Weights and Measures Acts,

1878 to 1904, as amended by this Act.

5. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Weights and

Measures (Amendment) Act, 1926, and shall be construed

as one with the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to

1904, and those Acts and this Act may be cited together

as the Weights and Measures Acts, 1878 to 1926.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 9.

An Act to make provision for reducing in respect of certain services the charges on -public funds and for increasing, by means of the payment into the Exchequer of certain sums and otherwise,

the funds available for meeting such charges,

and to amend accordingly the law relating to

national health insurance, unemployment insurance, the registration of electors and the holding

of elections, education, bankruptcy and companies winding-up fees and certain other fees,

and postmarks, and for purposes related or

incidental to the matters aforesaid.

’ [16th June 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

m

National Health Insurance. •

1.—(1) Section four of the National Health Insurance Act, 1924 (in this Part of this Act referred to as

"the principal Act"), (which provides for contributions

by insured persons, employers and the Treasury), shall

be deemed as from the first day of January, nineteen

1926.

Economy (Miscellaneous

' Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9.

35

hundred and twenty-six, to have had effect as if for respectively the words from " as to seven-ninths thereof " to the b y insured end of the section there were substituted the words Persons and

" m the case of men as to six-sevenths thereof, and in and 5 by the

" the case of women as to four-fifths thereof, from Treasury.

" contributions made by or in respect of the contributors 14 & 15

" by themselves or their employers and as to the balance Geo - 5 - c - 38.

" thereof from moneys provided by Parliament, " and for the purpose of determining the amount to be derived from moneys provided by Parliament in respect of the cost of additional benefits administered by a society,

other than additional benefits consisting of increases of ' sickness, disablement or maternity benefit, the amount

of that cost shall be apportioned between men and women in such manner as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Minister of Health (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the Minister") with the consent of the Treasury.

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect the amount

of the sums which are to be credited to societies out

of moneys provided by Parliament under the proviso to

subsection (3) of section one of the National Health 12 & 13

Insurance Act, 1922, (which makes provision as to the Geo. 5. c. 38.

cost of medical benefit and administration expenses).

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of section eighty- Amend-

three of the principal Act there may, out of the funds ment of a. 83

out of which benefits are payable under the principal principal

Act, be applied for the purpose of meeting the cost Act-

of medical benefit, the administration expenses of insurance committees and*any expenses incurred by the Minister in connection with the administration of benefits a sum at such yearly rate as may be prescribed,

but not exceeding thirteen shillings per year in respect

of each of the total number (calculated in the prescribed manner) of the persons who are entitled to medical benefit as being or having been members of an approved society, and there shall be paid for each year to insurance committees on account of the cost of medical benefit and their administration expenses, and to the Minister on

account of expenses incurred by him in respect of the administration of benefits, sums not exceeding in the aggregate the sum applicable as aforesaid, and not exceeding as respects the administration expenses of insurance committees the sum of sixpence, and as

36

Ch. 9.

Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 26.

Application

of Reserve

Suspense respects the expenses of the Minister the sum of threepence, in respect of each of the total number aforesaid:

Provided that, if the aggregate sum paid for any year

to insurance committees and the Minister under this section in respect of each of the total number aforesaid

is less than the sum applicable as aforesaid in respect of each of the said total number, the balance shall be

carried forward and be treated as being applicable as

aforesaid in any subsequent year.

(2) For the purpose of meeting any additional expenditure which may be incurred in the provision of medical benefit in Wales by reason of sparsity of_

population or difficulty of means of communication,

provision may be made by regulations for the payment out of the National Health Insurance Fund to the Welsh

National Health Insurance Fund of such sum as may be

prescribed.

(3) This section in its application to Scotland shall have effect subject to the following modifications—

(a) in addition to the payments to be made under subsection (1) of this section out of the sum applicable as provided by that subsection, there may be paid thereout any expenses of the

Scottish Board of Health in connection with the provision of a medical service for insured persons in such districts of Scotland (other than the highlands and islands within the meaning of the Highlands and Islands (Medical Service)

Grant Act, 1913) as rqay be determined by the

Board to be necessitous, and references in the said subsection (1) as applied to Scotland to

expenses incurred by the Board shall be construed as including the expenses afqjesaid; .and

(b) the maximum sums as respects the administratiqjn expenses of insurance committees and the expenses of the Board shall be such sums as

may respectively be prescribed.

(4) This section shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty -

seven.

3.—(1) If on the valuation of an approved society

or of a branch of an approved society it appears to the

1926.

Economy (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9.

37

valuer that a deficiency will be disclosed, he shall forth- Fund and with report the case to the Government Actuary, and Central

on* receiving any such report the Government Actuary shall proceed to estimate the amount by which the m a y ng

financial position of the society or branch has been made goo d

worse in consequence of the provisions of this Part of deficiencies this Act and shall, as soon as he has estimated that due to proamount, issue a certificate specifying what that amount ^g°p^ f 0 f

is, or, if that amount is greater than the amount of the this Act

apprehended deficiency, what the amount of that deficiency *is, and shall transmit the certificate to the

.•Minister.

(2) The Minister on receiving a certificate under this section may, if he thinks proper so to do having regard

to all the circumstances of the case, cause a sum equal to

the amount specified in the certificate to be credited to

the society or branch out of any balance standing to

the credit of the Reserve Suspense Fund, after due provision has been made for the payment of any sum charged on that Fund under or by virtue of any enactment, and if there is no such balance standing to the credit of that Fund or the balance is insufficient for the purpose of providing the whole amount specified in the certificate, the Minister may transmit the certificate with

a statement as to the amount which cannot be provided out of the said Fund, to the Joint Committee, and that

Committee shall thereupon cause that amount to be

credited to the society out of the Central Fund.

(3) The Minister may, instead of proceeding as

aforesaid, transmit to the‘Joint Committee any certificate received by him under this section, and the Committee,

if satisfied that the apprehended deficiency is attributable

in whole of in part to the provisions of this Part of this Act, shall award to the society or branch such relief as

might have be*en granted under the preceding subsection,

or such part of that relief as the Joint Committee, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, think proper,

and the Minister and Committee shall thereupon take the necessary steps for causing the proper amount to be

credited to the society or branch.

(4) Subsection (2) of section seventy-seven. of the principal Act (which provides for the investigation by an

independent body of claims for relief out of the Central

Fund), shall, subject to the necessary modifications,

38

Ch. 9.

Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Amendment

of s. 68 of principal

Act.

14 & 15

Geo. 5. c. 10.

apply for the purpose of determining whether, and to

what extent, relief ought to be granted under this section.

(5) Any amount to be credited under this section to

a society or branch of a society shall be treated as having formed part of the assets of the society or branch at the date of the valuation.

4, Such part of the sums which under subsection (2)

of section sixty-eight of the principal Act are to be

carried to the Central Fund as may be requited for the purposes specified in this subsection, instead of being *

carried to that Fund, shall be applied for those purposes

as follows

(a) There shall, out of the said sums, in the first place, be credited to approved societies in

accordance with a scheme to be made by the

National Health Insurance Joint Committee with the approval of the Treasury, such part

of those sums as the Committee may direct,

and any sums so credited shall be applied

by the society, in such manner as the scheme may provide, for the purpose of preventing such members of the society as are in arrears from being or continuing to be suspended from benefit:

(b) The said sums shall, in the second place, be applied

in defraying such proportion as is not derived from moneys provided by Parliament of any liability outstanding On the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-six

(after exhausting all sums applicable thereto under section one of the National Health

Insurance (Cost of Medical Benefitf Act, 1924),

in respect of the cost of drugs, *medicines and appliances supplied as part of medical benefit:

(c) In the third place, the said sums shall be applied from time to time in defraying the jamount as

estimated by the Treasury of such part of the cost incurred by Government Departments in

connection with the provision of insurance

* stamps and cards and the sale of insurance stamps as may be attributable to national health insurance.

1926. Economy (Miscellaneous Ch. 9.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

5. — (1) There shall, in accordance with directions

of the Treasury, be transferred to the Exchequer from the

N%vy, Army and Air Force Insurance Fund constituted under the principal Act the sum of one million one hundred thousand pounds.

(2) Section fifty-nine of the principal Act shall have effect as though the words "other than additional benefits" in paragraph (e) of subsection (1) thereof were omitted therefrom, and, subject to the approval of the Treasury, provision may be made by regulations for granting opt of the Fund to men of the forces to whom

■"the said paragraph (e) applies such additional benefits as

may from time to time be prescribed having regard to

the liabilities and assets of the Fund, as though the Fund were an approved society and the discharged men had been members of the society since the date of their entry or enlistment.

(3) Provision may be made by regulations for entitling men of the forces who before the commencement of this Act joined or thereafter join approved societies either during service or within the prescribed period after discharge to participate (subject to such conditions as may be prescribed), in additional benefits provided by those societies, and for prescribing special transfer values applicable to such men.

6. —(1) The amendments specified in the second column of the First Schedule to this Act, which are consequential on other provisions contained in this Part

of this Act, shall be made in the provisions of the principal Act and the other enactments relating to

national health insurance which are set out in the first colilmn of ttat Schedule.

(2) The amendments specified in Part I. of the said First Schedule shall be deemed to have had effect

as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and the amendments specified in Part II. of the said Schedule shall have effect as from the first day

of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(3) Provision may be made by regulations for such variation of reserve values as appears necessary in consequence of the provisions of this Part of this Act.

39

Transfer from Navy,

Army and

Air Force

Insurance

Fund to

Exchequer.

Consequential amendments of enactments relating to

national health insurance,

and variation of reserve values.

40

Short title,

construction and application

of Part I.

Amendment

of s. 4 of Unemployment

Insurance

Act, 1925,

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 69.

Ch. 9. Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

7.—(1) This Part of this Act may be cited as the

National Health Insurance Act, 1926, and shall be

construed as one with the principal Act, and that $.ct

and this Part of this Act may be cited together as the

National Health Insurance Acts, 1924 and 1926.

(2) This Part of this Act shall nob, except as hereinafter provided, apply to Northern Ireland:

Provided that, if provision substantially corresponding to the provision contained in this Part of this Act

for making good out of the Reserve Suspense Fund deficiencies due to the provisions of this Part of this Act is made by the Parliament of Northern Ireland, "

His Majesty may by Order in Council apply for the purpose of deficiencies in connection with approved societies or branches of approved societies in Northern

Ireland so much of section three of this Act as relates

to the crediting of amounts out of the Central Fund.

Part II.

Unemployment Insurance.

8.—(1) As from and after the fifth day of April,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the expiration of the extended period as defined in section four of the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925, the contribution payable under the Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920

to 1925, out of moneys provided by Parliament shall

be a contribution of such an amount as may be determined by the Treasury to be approximately equivalent,

having regard to the estimated proportions in which contributions are payable in respect of men, women,

boys and girls, to the sum which would be jybduced^ by

weekly contributions paid in respect of insured persons and exempt persons at the respective rates*set out in tlfe

Second Schedule to this Act.

(2) Paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of the said section four (except in so far as it relates to the meaning of the expression " the 1925 debt ") is hereby repealed as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-

six.

(3) This Part of this Act shall not apply to Northern

Ireland.

1926.

Economy (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9.

41

(4) This Part of this Act and the Unemployment

Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1925, may be cited together as

th§ Unemployment Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1926.

Part III.

Representation of the People.

9. —(1) One register only of electors shall be made Substitution

in each year and the qualifying period shall be reduced of one regis-

from six months to three months. !r a y ear

. for two and

(2) Fgr the purpose of giving effect to the foregoing reduction of provision, the Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to qualifying

1922, shall have effect subject to the following modifica- P e 5 iod -

tions, that is to say :— c eo ‘ 5 -

(a) All provisions applicable to the autumn register 11 & 12

shall apply as respects the yearly register, Geo. 5. c. 34.

except that the yearly register shall remain in 2 13

force until the fifteenth day of October in the °‘ - c - 12 -

next following year, and the provisions as to

the preparation of two registers in each year and as to the spring register shall cease to have effect;

(b) The provisions mentioned in the first column of the Third Schedule to this Act shall be amended

in the manner shown in the second column of the said Schedule;

and to such other modifications as may be necessary for the purposes aforesaid.

(3) It shall be lawful for His Majesty by Order in

Council to make such adaptations in the provisions of any

Act (including any local Act or any Act to confirm a

Provisional Order) as may seem to Him necessary to make those provisions conform with the provisions of this Part

of this Act.#

. (4) Nothing in this section shall affect the preparation of the autumn register of nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and that register shall continue in force until the fifteenth day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

10. Paragraph (14) of section forty-three of the Polls in

Representation of the People Act, 1918 (which provides Orkney and that the poll at any general or bye-election for the Zet land.

constituency of Orkney and Zetland shall remain open ? & 8 Geo. 5.

for two consecutive days), is hereby repealed. c - 64 -

42

Short title,

construction, and extent of Part III.

Operation of s. 118 of Education

Act, 1921.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 51.

Ch. 9. Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

11. — (1) This Part of this Act may be cited as the

Representation of the People (Economy Provisions) Act,

1926, and shall be construed as one with the Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to 1922, and those Acts and this Part of this Act may be cited together as the

Representation of the People Acts, 1918 to 1926.

(2) This Part of this Act shall not extend to Northern

Ireland.

Part IV.

Education.

12. — (1) For the purpose of removing doubts it is

hereby declared that the Board of Education shall not,

for the purpose of subsection (2) of section one hundred and eighteen of the Education Act, 1921, be bound to

recognise as expenditure in aid of which parliamentary grants should be made to a local education authority any expenditure which in the opinion of the Board is

excessive having regard to the circumstances of the area

of the authority and the general standard of expenditure

on corresponding services in other areas, or which in the opinion of the Board unreasonably exceeds any estimate

of expenditure made by the authority.

(2) The grants payable to such local education authorities for higher education as do not provide training colleges may be reduced in any year, in such manner as may be provided by regulations made

by the Board of Education, by a sum not exceeding seventy thousand pounds in the aggregate, notwithstanding that the total sums payable out of moneys provided by Parliament and out of the Local Taxation

Account to those authorities, or any of them, in any year in aid of higher education would thereby be reduced

to less than one-half of the net expenditure thereon Qf

the authorities recognised by the Board for the purposes

of subsection (2) of the said section one hundred and eighteen.

The expression "training colleges " in "this subsection does not include training colleges in which only domestic subjects are taught.

Any regulations made by the Board of Education under this subsection shall be laid before Parliament as

soon as may be after they are made.

1920.

Economy (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9.

43

• Part V.

' Bankruptcy and Companies Winding-up Fees.

13.—(1) The dividends on investments under section ninety of the Bankruptcy Act, 1914 (in this Part of this Act referred to as "the bankruptcy investments dividends ") and the fees and percentages charged for

or hi respect of proceedings under that Act (in this

Part of this Act referred to as " the bankruptcy fees "),

and the dividends on investments under section two

-hundred and thirty of the Companies (Consolidation)

Act, 1908 (in this Part of this Act referred to as " the companies investments dividends ") and the fees in respect

of proceedings under that Act in relation to the winding-

up of companies in England (in this Part of this Act

referred to as " the companies winding-up fees ") shall

be paid into an account to be called " The Bankruptcy and Companies Winding-up (Fees) Account."

(2) All sums which at the date of the commencement of this Part of this Act are standing to the credit

of any of the following accounts, namely, the accounts to

which there have respectively been paid the bankruptcy investments dividends, the bankruptcy fees, the companies investments dividends and the companies winding-

up fees, shall be forthwith transferred to the Bankruptcy and Companies Winding-up (Fees) Account.

(3) The Treasury may in each financial year, out of the moneys standing to the credit of the Bankruptcy and

Companies Winding-up (Fees) Account—

(a) in aid of the moneys voted by Parliament for the salaries and expenses of the Board of Trade,

isJue to the Board any sums which may be

• necessary to meet the charges estimated by the

Board in respect of salaries and expenses either under the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, or under the

Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, in relation

to the winding-up of companies in England; and

(b) pay into the Exchequer a sum equal to the amount which in the last preceding financial year fell to be defrayed out of. any other votes

of Parliament in respect of any such salaries and expenses.

Establishment of bankruptcy and companies winding-

up fees,

account and application thereof.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 59.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 69.

44

Ch. 9.

Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Provision as

to fixing of fees.

Annual account of bankruptcy and winding-up proceedings.

(4) An amount equal to the sums transferred under the foregoing provisions of this section to the Bankruptcy and Companies Winding-up (Fees) Account, less the sum

of one hundred thousand pounds, shall, as soon as may

be after the passing of this Act, be paid out of that

Account into the Exchequer in such manner as the

Treasury direct, and thereafter the amount standing to

the credit of that Account on the thirty-first day of March in any financial year shall, after deducting therefrom an amount equal to one-third of the aggregate amount issued out of the said Account in *that year under the provisions of the last preceding subsection,

be paid into the Exchequer in such manner as the

Treasury direct.

14. In fixing the scales of the bankruptcy fees and

of the companies winding-up fees, regard shall be had to

the sum which it is anticipated will on an average be

from time to time required to meet the aggregate amount of the charges in respect of salaries and expenses under the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, and under the Companies (Consolidation) Act, 1908, in relation to

the winding-up of companies in England.

15. — (1) The Treasury shall in respect of each financial year cause to be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament within one month after the end of that year, or, if Parliament is not then sitting, within one month after the next meeting of Parliament, an account in such form and containing such particulars as the Treasury, with the concurrence

of the Lord Chancellor, from time to time direct,

showing the receipts and expenditure during .that year

in respect of proceedings under the Bankruptcy Act,

1914, and proceedings in relation to the winding-up of companies in England.

(2) The accounts of the Board of Trade under the

Bankruptcy Act, 1914, and in relation to the v^nding-up

of companies in England shall be audited in such manner

as the Treasury direct, and for the purpose of the account to be laid before Parliament under this section the Board shall make such returns and give such information as the Treasury may direct.

192G.

Economy (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9.

45

16 . The foregoing provisions of this Part of this Application

Act shall have effect as if references therein to bank- 4>arfc v *

ruptcy fees and the account to which they have been underfeeds paid, and to salaries, expenses and proceedings under 0 f Arrange- 3

the Bankruptcy Act, 1914, included references to any meat Act,

fees to be taken under the Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914.

1914 (not being fees to be taken in the Supreme Court 4 & 5 Geo. 5.

in respect of matters arising under that Act), and to c ‘ 47 '

the account into which any fees taken under that Act

have been paid, and to salaries, expenses and proceedings under thafc Act. *

Part VI.

Miscellaneous and General.

17 . For the purpose of removing doubts it is hereby Provision as

declared that the marks to be used by the Postmaster- to marks to

General for the purpose of cancelling stamps used for be used for the payment of the postage chargeable on postal packets c "^,:

may consist of such words or devices as the Postmaster- stamps! J

General may in his discretion think proper, including words or devices constituting advertisements in respect

of the use of which as postmarks payment is made by

any persons to the Postmaster-General.

18 . The amount of the fees to be charged under Fees under the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1894 to 1923, shall be so Merchant fixed, and from time to time be so readjusted, that the aggregate amount produced by those fees as from the c s '

first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-three,

up to any date shall be approximately equal to one-half

of the amount certified from time to time by the Board

of Trade to be the aggregate cost as from the first day of.

April aforesaid up to that date of the administration of the services iif respect of which the fees are payable.

19 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Economy Short title

(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act, 1926. and repeal.

(2) The enactments set out in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule.

46

Ch. 9.

Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Section 6.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Consequential Amendments oe Enactments relating

to National Health Insurance.

Part I.

Enactment to be amended. Amendment.

National Health Insurance

(Cost of Medical Benefit) Act,

1924 —

Section 1 (2) -

National Health Insurance Act,

1924-

Section 12 (6) -

Section 59 (1) (e) (ii)

Section 67 (1), as amended

by paragraphs 4 and 5 of Part I. of the Fourth

Schedule to the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age

Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925.

For the words "of seven-

ninths " where they occur in

paragraph (a) and paragraph

(6) of subsection (2) there shall be substituted the words

" in the case of a man of six-

" sevenths, and in the case

" of a woman of four-fifths."

The words " two-ninths " shall

be omitted, and after " there-

" of " there shall be inserted the words "which under the

" provisions of section four

' i of this Act as amended by

" any subsequent enactment

" is required to be' derived

" from moneys provided by

" Parliament." -

" One-seventh " shall be substituted for "Itwo-ninths." *

The sums to be retained out

of each weekly contribution shall be in the case of a man one penny and one-tenth of a penny instead of one penny and five-ninths of a penny,

and in the case of a woman four-fifths of a penny instead

of one penny and three-tenths

of a penny.

1926.

Economy (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9.

47

Enactment to be amended.

Amendment.

National Health Insurance Act,

1924—

Section 68 (1) -

The sums to be applied towards discharging the liabilities of the Minister to approved societies in respect of reserve values shall be in the case of a man seventeen-twentieths of a penny instead of one penny,

and in the case of a woman eleven-twentieths of a penny instead of nine-tenths of a

penny.

The sum to be carried to the

Central Fund shall be in the ease of both men and women one-sixteenth of a penny, and the sum to be carried to the

Contingencies Fund shall be

in the case of both men and women three-sixteenths of a

penny.

" One-fourth " shall be substituted for "one-eighth" in

both places where those words occur.

1st Sen.

— cont.

Part II.

Section 5 (2)

Section 24 (2) (ii)

Section 57 (1), as amended

by paragraph 3 of Part I.

of the Fourth Schedule

to the Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925.

" Threepence " shall be substituted for " twopence."

For "nine shillings and six-

" pence " there shall be substituted the words "such sum

" as may be specified by the

" Minister as representing the

" annual cost at the time of " medical treatment and

" attendance (including

" drugs, medicines and appli-

" ances)."

The sum of threepence shall be

substituted for the sum of threepence halfpenny as the sum to be paid to the Minister

of Health by the Admiralty,

the Army Council and the Air

48

Ch. 9.

Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 8.

Enactment to be amended.

National Health Insurance Act,

1924-

Section 58 (3) -

Section 59 (1) (a)

Section 62 (3) -

Amendment.

Council respectively in respect

of each contribution week or

part of a contribution week for which a seaman, marine,

soldier or airman, being a

member of an approved society, receives pay.

" Sixpence " shall* be substituted for " fivepence half-

" penny."

" Sixpence " shall be substituted for "fivepence halfpenny."

" Twopence halfpenny " shall

be substituted for " twopence " and " three-fifths "

shall be substituted for

" three-sevenths."

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Rates of Contribution on which the Amount of the Contribution payable under the Enactments RELATING TO UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE

out of Moneys provided by Parliament is to

BE CALCULATED.

Ordinary Hates.

s. cl.

In respect of a man - - 0 6

In respect of a woman - - ft 41

In the case of Persons under eighteen.

In respect of a boy - - 0 3

In respect of a girl - - 0 2 \

In the case of Exempt Perscms.

In respect of a man - - 0 25-

In respect of a woman - - 0 2-J-

In respect of a boy - - 0 11-

In respect of a girl - - 0 1£

1920.

Economy (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9.

49

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Section 9.

Amendments oe the Representation op the

People Acts, 1918 to 1922.

Col. l. Col. 2.

The Representation

of the People Act,

1918 (7 &*8 Geo. 5.

e. 64).

Section 6 -

Section 7

Section 43 -

. The following section shall be substituted :—

" The qualifying period shall be

three months ending on the first day

of June and including that day:

Provided that in the application of this section to a person who is a

naval or military voter, or who has been serving as a member of the naval, military, or air forces of the

Crown at any time during the said three months and has ceased so to

serve, one month shall be substituted for three months as the qualifying period."

For the words "for part of the

" qualifying period not exceeding four

" months in the whole " there shall be

substituted the words "for part of the

" qualifying period not exceeding two

" months in the whole, or where the

" occupation of the person giving the

" permission commenced more than six

" months before the last day of the

" qualifying period, for not more than

" four months in the whole during that

" period of six months."

The following paragraph shall be

inserted after paragraph (4) :—-

(4a) In the application of the section of this Act relating to quali-

fying period, the fifteenth day of June shall be substituted for the first day of June.

Paragraph (18) shall be repealed.

D

50

Ch. 9.

Economy (Miscellaneous 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

3rh Soh.

— cont.

Col. 1. Col. 2.

The Representation

of the People Act, *

1921 (11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 34).

Section 1 - - After the words "qualifying period "

there shall be inserted the words "not

" exceeding two months at any one time

* ' or if the residence commenced more

" than six months before the last day of " the qualifying period during a part of " those six months."

The Representation

of the People Act,

1922 (12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 12).

Schedule (Parti.) The dates specified below shall, as

respects the several matters so specified

be substituted respectively for the dates specified in the last column of Part I. :—

End of qualifying period

Publication of electors lists -

Last day for notice of objections to electors lists -

Last day for claims

Last day for claims as

absent voters -

Last day for notification

of desire by naval or

military voter not to

bo placed on absent voters list - *

Publication of list of objections to electors lists -

Publication of lists of claimants -

Last day' for objections

to claimants

Publication of lists of objections to claimants

1st June.

15th July.

31st July.

7th August.

18th August.

18th August.

13th August.

13th August.

18th August.

18th August.

1926. Economy (Miscellaneous Ch. 9. 51

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Col. 1. Col. 2. 3 bd Soh.

_ _ — cont.

The Representation

of the People Act,

1922 (12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 12)—

continued .

Schedule (Part II.) The dates specified below shall as

respects the several matters so specified

be substituted respectively for the dates

* specified in the last column of Part II.:—

Publication of electors lists - - 8th August.

Last day for notice of objections to electors lists - 22nd August.

Last day for claims - 22nd August.

Last day for claims as

absent voters - - 1st September.

Last day for notification

of desire by naval or

military voter not to

be placed on absent voters list - - 1st September.

Publication of list of objections to electors lists - 29th August.

Publication of lists of claimants - 29th August.

Last day for objections

to claimants - - 3rd September.

• Publication of list of objections to claimants 3rd September.

52

Section

Ch. 9. Economy (Miscellaneous [16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions) Act, 1926.

19. FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactments bepeaeed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 69.

The Companies

(Consolidation)

Act, 1908.

Subsection (3) of section two hundred 'and thirty, sections two hundred ana thirty-two and two hundred and thirty-

four, and in subsection (3) of section two hundred and thirty-seven the words "and

" to what account they are

" to be paid."

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 59.

The Bankruptcy

Act, 1914.

Subsection (5) of section ninety,

section ninety-one, in subsection (1) of section one hundred and thirty-three the words "and to what account

" they shall be paid, " and section one hundred and thirty-

five.

12 & 13 Geo. 5.

c. 7.

The Unemployment Insurance

Act, 1922.

Section two so far as unrepealed and Part II. of Schedule 1.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 4.

The Fees (Increase)

Act, 1923.

Section three.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 38.

The National

Health Insurance

Act, 1924.

In paragraph (e) of subsection (1)

of section fifty-nine the words

" other than additional bene-

" fits " as fi$>m the commencement of this Act;

paragraph (if) of subsection (2)

of section sixty-nine as from the commencement of this Act; in subsection (5) of sec-

tion seventy-six # the words

I " not exceeding one-half " as

from the commencement of this Act; subsection (2) of section eighty-three as from the first day of January,

nineteen hundred and twenty -

seven.

192G.

Economy (Miscellaneous

Provisions) Act, 1926.

Ch. 9, 10.

53

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

_ft_

4th Soh.

— cont.

15 & 16 Geo. 5. The Unemploy-

c. 69. ment Insurance

Act, 1925.

15 & 16 Geo.5. The Widows’, Or-

c. 70. phans’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925.

Paragraph (c) of subsection (1)

of section four (except in so

far as it relates to the meaning of the expression "the

" 1925 debt") as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six; paragraph (b) of subsection (1) of section four and Schedule 2.

Paragraph 3 of Part I. of the

Fourth Schedule as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

and paragraphs 4 and 5 of the said Part I. as from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

CHAPTER 10.

An Act to extend further the duration of the

Local Authorities (Emergency Provisions) Act,

1923.

[16th June 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, anjl by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The provisions of the Local Authorities (Emer- Further gency Provisions) Act, 1923, mentioned in the Schedule extension of to this Act shall, as amended by the Local Authorities °

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1924, have effect as if for Q eo 5 c 6

references therein to nineteen hundred and twenty-six 14 & 15

there were substituted references to nineteen hundred Geo. 5. c. 29.

and twenty-eight.

2. This Act may be cited as the Local Authorities Short title.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1926, and the Local Authorities (Emergency Provisions) Acts, 1923 and 1924, and this Act may be cited together as the Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Acts, 1923 to 1926.

Ch. 10.

r>4

Local Authorities 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1926.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions op 13 & 14 Geo. 5. o. 6. Continued.

Section of Act. Subject Matter.

Section one

11 & 12

Geo. 5, c. 67.

Section two

- Continuance until the first day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-four, subject to certain modifications, of section one oi the Local

Authorities (Financial Provisions) Act, 1921,

which provides for the temporary extension

of charges on the Metropolitan Common Poor

Fund.

- Substitution for " the first day of April, nineteen

" hundred and twenty-three, " of the " first

" day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-

" four, " in the following provisions of the

Local Authorities (Financial Provisions) Act,

1921; that is to say:—

(a) the proviso to subsection (3) of section three thereof (which enabled the Minister

of Health in certain circumstances to

extend the time within which suras borrowed under that section are to be

repaid if borrowed before the first day

of April first mentioned);

(b) Subsection (1) of section six thereof (which provided that money borrowed

by a local authority before the first-

mentioned*first day of April for certain purposes is not to be reckoned as part

of the debt of the local authority for the purposes of any enactment limiting the powers of borrowing by that authority); .

(c) Subsection (2) of section six thereof (which suspended until the first-mentioned first day of April the operation

of subsection (3) of section two hundred and thirty-four of the Public Health

Act, 1875).

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 65.

11)2(5.

Law of Properly

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Cn. 11.

55

CHAPTER 11.

An Act to amend certain enactments relating

to the Law of Property and Trustees.

[16th June 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliameift assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Nothing in the Settled Land Act, 1925, Convey-

shall prevent a person on whom the powers of a tenant ancesof for life are conferred by paragraph (ix) of subsection (1)

of section twenty of that Act from conveying or creating certain

a legal estate subject to a prior interest as if the land interests,

had not been settled land. 15 q co 6

(2) In any of the following cases, namely— 18 -

(a) where a legal estate has been conveyed or

created under subsection one of this section,

or under section sixteen of the Settled Land

Act, 1925, subject to any prior interest, or

(b) where before the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, land has been conveyed to a purchaser for money or money’s

worth subject to any prior interest whether

or not on the purchase the land was expressed

to be exonerated from, or the grantor agreed

to indemnify the purchaser against, such prior interest,

the estate dwner for the time being of the land subject

to such prior interest may, notwithstanding any provision contained in the Settled Land Act, 1925, but without prejudice to any power whereby such prior interest is capable of being overreached, convey or

create a lSgal estate subject to such prior interest as if

the instrument creating the prior interest was not an

instrument or one of the instruments constituting a

settlement of the land.

(3) In this section " interest" means an estate,

interest, charge or power of charging subsisting, or

50 Ch. 11 . Law of Property 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

capable of arising or of being exercised, under a settlement, and, where a prior interest arises under the exercise of a power, " instrument " includes both the instrument conferring the power and the instrument exercising it.

Amendment 2. Section one hundred and forty of the Law of of 15 Geo. 5. Property Act, 1925 (which relates to the apportionment

?• - 140 of conditions on severance), shall have effect as if at the plication" to enc subsection (2) thereof the following proviso were agricultural inserted: «

holdings. " Provided that where the land demised is an

agricultural holding within the meaning of the

13 & 14 Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, the tenant on

Geo. 6. c. 9. whom notice to quit is served by the person entitled to a severed part of the reversion may

at any time within twenty-eight days of the service of such notice to quit, serve on the persons severally entitled to the severed parts of the reversion a notice in writing to the effect that

he accepts the notice to quit as a notice to quit the entire holding given by the persons so severally entitled to take effect at the same time as the original notice; and such acceptance shall have effect as if it were the acceptance of a notice to

quit to which paragraph (d) of subsection (7) of section twelve of the said Act applies."

Meaning of 3.—(1) For the purposes of the Law of Property

" fcrusfc C0 J- Act, 1925, the Settled Land Act, 1925, the Trustee Act,

poration. 1925, the Administration of Estates Act, 1925, and the

15 Geo. 5. Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act, 1925,

15 Geo 5 the expression "Trust Corporation " includes the Treasury

c. 23. Solicitor, the Official Solicitor and any person holding

15 & 16 any other official position prescribed by the Lord Chan-

Geo. 5. c. 49. cellor, and, in relation to the property <5f a bankrupt and property subject to a deed of arrangement, includes the trustee in bankruptcy and the trustee under the deed respectively, and, in relation to charitable ecclesiastical and public trusts, also includes any local or

public authority so prescribed, and any other corporation constituted under the laws of the United Kingdom

or any part thereof which satisfies the Lord Chancellor that it undertakes the administration of any such trusts without remuneration, or that by its constitution it is

1926.

Law of Property

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Ch. 11.

6 7

required to apply the whole of its net income after payment of outgoings for charitable, ecclesiastical or

public purposes, and is prohibited from distributing,

directly or indirectly, any part thereof by way of profits amongst any of its members, and is authorised by

him to act in relation to such trusts as a trust corporation.

(2) For the purposes of this provision, the expression

" Treasury Solicitor" means the solicitor for the affairs

of His Majesty’s Treasury, and includes the solicitor for the affair^ of the Duchy of Lancaster.

4.—(1) Any person intending to make an application for the registration of any contemplated charge, instrument, or other matter in pursuance of the Land Charges

Act, 1925, or any rule made thereunder, may give a

priority notice in the prescribed form at least two days before the registration is to take effect, and where such

a notice is given—

(a) the notice shall be entered in the register to

which the intended application when made will relate;

(b) if the application is presented within fourteen days thereafter and refers in the prescribed manner to the notice, the registration shall take effect as if the registration had been made at

the time when the charge, instrument, or

matter was created, entered into, made, or

arose, and the date at which the registration

so takes effect shall be deemed to be the date

of registration; and where any two charges,

instruments, or matters are contemporaneous,

and one (whether or not protected by a priority ndtice) is subject to or dependent on the other

, which is protected by a priority notice, the subsequent or dependent charge, instrument,

or matter shall be deemed to have been created,

entered into, or made, or to have arisen after the registration of the other.

(2) Where a purchaser has obtained an official certificate of the result of search, any entry which is

made in the register after the date of the certificate and before the completion of the purchase, and is not made pursuant to a priority notice entered on the

Date of effective registration and priority notices.

15 Geo. 6.

c. 22.

58 Ch. 11. Law of Properly 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

register before the certificate is issued, shall not, if the purchase is completed before the expiration of the second day after the date of the certificate, affect the purchaser.

(3) In reckoning the number of days under this section, Sundays and other days when the registry is not open to the public shall be excluded.

(4) Rules may be made under the said Act—

(a) for determining the date on which applications and notices shall be treated for the purposes

of this section as having been made or given;

(b) for determining the times and order at and

in which applications and priority notices are

to be registered;

(c) for varying the number of days fixed by this section;

(d) for adapting the provisions of this section to

local land charges.

(5) Where rules are made varying the number of days fixed by this section, this section shall have effect

as if the number so varied were substituted for the number specified in this section.

Priority 5. The following subsection shall be inserted at the

of charges end of section thirty of the Land Registration Act, 1925,

for securing nam ely :—

further J

advances. " (3) Where the proprietor of a charge is

15 Geo. 5. under an obligation, runted on the register, to

c. 21. make a further advance, a subsequent registered charge shall take effect subject to any further advance made pursuant to the obligation."

Amendment 6. Section thirteen of the Settled Land Act, 1925,

of 15 Geo. 5. (which relates to dispositions not taking effect until'a

c. 18, s. 13. vesting instrument is made), shall have effect as if at

the end thereof the following proviso were inserted :—

" Nothing in this section affects the creation

or transfer of a legal estate by virtue of an

order of the court or the Minister or other competent authority."

Minor amendments.

7. The amendments specified in the second column

of the Schedule to this Act, being amendments of a

1926.

Law of Property

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Ch. 11.

59

minor nature, shall be made in the enactments mentioned

in the first column of that Schedule and shall have effect without prejudice to any title acquired by a

purchaser, or any registration effected, before the passing

of this Act.

8.-—(1) This Act may be cited as the Law of Property Short title,

(Amendment) Act, 1926, and so far as it amends any construction

Act shall be construed as one with that Act. and com -

mencement,

(2) The provisions of this Act except sections four and five Shall be deemed to have come into operation

on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendments.

Law of Property Act,

1922.

S. 43 - - In subsection (8), for the words "shall be

" treated as purchase money, " there shall be substituted the words "shall

" bte treated as interest upon purchase

" money."

Schedule XIII., At the end of paragraph 13 the follow-

Part II. ing words shall be inserted:—

" Tor the purposes of this paragraph

* the right of a tenant to demise or

otherwise deal with land without the licence of the lord shall not be

deemed to be restricted by reason

• only that by custom or otherwise the transaction has to be effected by

surrender and admittance, or by

customary assurance, or in any other particular manner, and customary payments have to be made in respect

of the transaction."

00 Ch. 11. Law of Property 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendments.

Settled Land Act, *

1925.

S. 1 - At the end, there shall be inserted the following subsection :—

" (7) This section does not apply to

land held upon trust for sale."

S. 3 - In this section after the word "Land, "

where it first occurs, there shall be

inserted the words "not* held upon

" trust for sale."

S. 13 - - For the words "without notice of any

" settlement " there shall be substituted the words "without notice of such

* tenant for life or statutory owner

" having become so entitled as afore-

" said."

S. 31 - - At the end of subsection (1) there shall be

inserted the following paragraph :—

"Where there are trustees for the purposes of this Act of the instrument under which there is a tenant for life or

statutory owner but there are no trustees for those purposes of a prior instrument,

being one of the instruments by which

a compound settlement is constituted,

those trustees shall, unless and until trustees are appointed of the prior instrument or of tho compound settlement, be the trustees for the purposes of this Act of the compound settlement."

S. 39 - - In paragraph (i) of subsection (4), for the words " a condition of re-entry on the

" rent not being paid within a time

" therein specified not exceeding thirty

" days, " there shall be substituted the words "the statutory powers and reme-

" dies for the recovery of the rent shall

" apply."

S. 78 - - At the end of subsection (1) there shall

be inserted the words "This subsection

" operates without prejudice to the

" rights of any person claiming under

" a disposition for valuable consideration

" of any such money securities or

" proceeds, made before the commence-

" ment of this Act."

1920. Law of Properly Ch. 11. 01

(Amendment) Act, 1920.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendments.

Settled Land Act,

1925.

S. 105 - - The words " if and when such remainder-

" man or reversioner would, if the

" tenant for life were dead, be or'have

" the powers of a tenant for life under

" this Act " shall be omitted.

Schedule II. - At the end of paragraph 1 (6), there shall

* be inserted the words "This sub-para-

" graph shall not apply to any legal

" estate or interest vested in a mort-

" gagee or other purchaser for money

" or money’s worth."

Law of Property Act,

1925.

S. 2 - For subsection (2) from the beginning to

the words "are either, " there shall be

substituted the words "Where the

" legal estate affected is subject to a

" trust for sale, then if at the date of " a conveyance made after the com-

" mencement of this Act under the

" trust for sale or the powers conferred

" on the trustees for sale, the trustees

" (whether original or substituted) are

" either."

In that subsection for the words "such

" equitable interest or power " there shay be substituted the words "any

" equitable interest or power having

" priority to the trust for sale."

8 . 7 - At the end of subsection (1) there shall be

# inserted the words "and a fee simple

" subject to a legal or equitable right of " entry or re-entry is for the purposes

" of this Act a fee simple absolute."

S. 26 - - For subsection (3) the following subsection shall be substituted:—

• "(3) Trustees for sale shall so far as

practicable consult the persons of full age for the time being beneficially interested in possession in the rents and profits of the land until sale, and shall, so far as consistent with the general interest of the trust, give effect

62

Ch. 11.

Law of Property 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1926.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendments.

Law of Property •

Act, 1925.

S. 26— cont. to the wishes of such persons, or, in the case of dispute, of the majority

(according to the value of their combined interests) of such persons, but a

purchaser shall not be concerned to see that the provisions of this subsection have been complied with." .

" In the case of a trust tor sale, not being a trust for sale created by or in

pursuance of the powers conferred by

this or any other Act, this subsection shall not apply unless the contrary intention appears in the disposition creating the trust."

S. 27 - - For subsection (2) the following subsection shall be substituted:—

" (2) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the instrument (if any)

creating a trust for sale of land or in

the settlement of the net proceeds, the proceeds of sale or other capital money shall not be paid to or applied by the direction of fewer than two persons as

trustees for sale, except where the trustee is a trust corporation, but this subsection does not affect the right of a

sole personal representative as such to

give valid receipts for, or direct the application of, proceeds of sale or other capital money, nor, except where capital money arises on the transaction, render

it necessary to have more than one trustee." *

S. 28 - - In subsection (1), after the word "minority " there shall be inserted the words

" and where by statute settled land is

" or becomes vested in the trustees of " the settlement upon th^ statutory

" trusts, such trustees and their suc-

" cessors in office shall also have all the

" additional or larger powers (if any)

" conferred by the settlement on the

" tenant for life, statutory owner, or

" trustees of the settlement."

1926.

Law of Property

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

C«. 11.

63

Enactments to be

amended.

Law' of Property

Act, 1925.

S. 35

S. 36

S. 89

S. 94

S. 96 -

Amendments.

At the end the following paragraph shall

be inserted:—

" Where—

(a) an undivided share was subject

to a settlement, and

(b) the settlement remains subsisting in respect of other property, and

(c) the trustees thereof are not the same persons as the trustees for sale,

then the statutory trusts include a trust for the trustees for sale to pay the proper proportion of the net proceeds of sale or other capital money attributable

to the share to the trustees of the settlement to be held by them as capital money arising under the Settled Land

Act, 1925."

At the end of subsection (2) the following words shall be inserted :—

" Nothing in this Act affects the right

of a survivor of joint tenants, who is

solely and beneficially interested, to

deal with his legal estate as if it were not held on trust for sale."

At the end of subsection (6), there shall be

inserted the words "In this subsection

" references to an apportionment

" include an equitable apportionment

" made without the consent of the

" lessor."

In subsection (2) for the words "date of " the original advance " there shall be

substituted the words "time when the

" original mortgage was created."

At the end of subsection (2) the following proviso shall be inserted :—" In this

" subsection notice does not include

" notice implied by reason of registra-

" tion under the Land Charges Act,

" 1925, or in a local deeds register."

64

Ch. 11.

Law of Property 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1926.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendments.

Law of Property Act,

1925.

S, 125 - - In subsection (2) for the words "an office

" copy " there shall be substituted the words "a copy."

Schedule I., In paragraph 3 after the words "herein-

Part II. after provided " the following proviso shall be inserted:— 4

" The divesting of a legal estate by

virtue of this paragraph shall not, where the person from whom the estate is so

divested was a trustee, operate to prevent the legal estate being conveyed,

or a legal estate being created, by him

in favour of a purchaser for money or

money’s worth, if the purchaser has no

notice of the trust and if the documents

of title relating to the estate divested are produced by the trustee or by

persons deriving title under him."

At the end of paragraph 7 there shall be

inserted the following paragraph :—

" (m) To vest in any person any legal estate affected by any rent covenants or

conditions if, before any proceedings are commenced in respect of the rent covenants or conditions, and before any conveyance of the legal estate or dealing therewith inter vivos is effected, he or

his personal representatives disclaim it

in writing signed by him or them."

Part IV. In paragraph 1 (3), for the words "term

" of years absolute, " there shall be

substituted the words "mortgage, and

" free from any interests, powers, and

" charges subsisting under the settle-

" ment, which have priority to the

" interests of the persons entitled to

" the undivided shares."

In paragraph 1 (4) (iii) for the words "vest

" the land " there shall be substituted the words "thereupon the land shall

" by virtue of this Act ve3t."

1926.

Law of Property

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Ch. 11.

65

Enactments to be

amended. Amendments.

Lavt of Property

Act, 1925.

Schedule I., At the end of paragraph 1 (10) there shall

Part IV. — cont. be inserted the words "within eighteen

" months from the commencement of " this Act."

In paragraph 1 (11), for the words "more

" than one half " there shall be substi-

% tuted the words "one half or upwards."

In paragraph 1 (12) after the word

" include " there shall be inserted the words "a legal rentcharge affecting the

" entirety."

At the end of paragraph 3 the following new paragraph shall be inserted :—

" 4. Where, immediately before the commencement of this Act, there arc two or more tenants for life of full age entitled under the same settlement in

undivided shares, and, after the cesser

of all their interests in the income of the settled land, the entirety of the land

is limited so as to devolve together (not

in undivided shares), their interests shall, but without prejudice to any beneficial interest, be converted into a

joint tenancy, and the joint tenants and the survivor of them shall, until the said cesser occurs, constitute the tenant for life for the purposes of the Settled Land

Act, 1925, and this Act."

Trustee Act, 1925.

S. 14 - In paragraph (a) of subsection (2), the

t words " disposition on " shall be

omitted.

S. 25 - In subsection (4), after the words "execu-

" tion thereof, " there shall be inserted the words "or where not executed

" within the United Kingdom within

• " ten days after its receipt in the

" United Kingdom."

IS. 26 - - In subsection (l) for the words "which

" may have accrued or been claimed "

there shall be substituted the words

" which may have accrued and been

" claimed."

E

66

Ch. 11.

Law of Property

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Enactments to be

amended. Amendments.

Trustee Act, 1925.

8. 27 - - In subsection (1) for the words "in a

" daily London newspaper and also if

" the property includes land not situ-

" ated in London in a daily or weekly

" newspaper circulating in the district

" in which the land is situated " there shall be substituted the words "in a

" newspaper circulating in 4the district

" in w'hich the land is situated."

Land Charges Act, 1925.

S. 10 - - In Class C (iii) at the end, the following proviso shall be inserted :—

" Provided that a charge given by

way of indemnity against rents equitably apportioned or charged exclusively

on land in exoneration of other land and against the breach or non-observance of covenants or conditions, shall not be

deemed to be a general equitable charge and shall not be registrable as a land charge under this Act."

For subsection (6) the following subsection shall be substituted :—

" (6) In the case of a general equitable charge, restrictive covenant, equitable easement or estate contract affecting land within any of the three ridings, and

in the case*>f any other land charge (not being a local land charge) created by

a document which shows on the face of it that the charge affects land within any of those ridings, registration shall

be effected in the prescribed manner in

the appropriate local deeds registry in

place of the registry."

S. 15 - - At the end of subsection (1) the following paragraph shall be inserted.:—

"For the purposes of this section any sum which is recoverable by a local authority under any of the Acts aforesaid from successive owners or occupiers

of the property in respect of which the sum is recoverable shall, whether such

1926.

• Law of Properly

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Ch. 11.

67

Enactments to be

amended. Amendment.

Land Charges Act, 1925.

S. 15— cont. sum is expressed to be a charge on the property or not, be deemed to be a

charge."

At the end of paragraph (a) of subsection (6) there shall be inserted the words "whether by reference to the

% " estate owner or to the land affected

" or otherwise " and paragraph (b) of the same subsection shall be omitted.

For subsection (7) the following subsection shall be substituted :—

" The foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to—

(a) any town planning scheme made

by, or any authority or resolution

to prepare or adopt a town planning scheme given to or passed by,

a local authority, whether made,

given or passed before or after the commencement of this Act;

and

(b) any prohibition of or restriction

on the user or mode of user of land

or buildings imposed by a local authority after the commencement

# of this Act by order, instrument, or

resolution, or enforceable by a local authority under any covenant or

agreement made with them after the commencement of this Act, or

* by virtue of any conditions attached

to a consent, approval, or licence granted by a local authority after that date, being a prohibition or

restriction binding on successive

, owners of the land or buildings, and not being—

(i) a prohibition or restriction operating over the whole of the district of the authority or over the whole of any contributory place thereof; or

68

Ch. 11, 12.

Law of Property 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Enactments to be

amended.

Amendment.

Land Charges Act, 1925.

S. 15— cont. (ii) a prohibition or restriction which is, or which may become,

enforceable by virtue of a town-

planning scheme; or

(iii) a prohibition or restriction imposed by a covenant or agreement made between a lessor and lessee; *

as if the scheme, resolution, authority,

prohibition, or restriction were a local land charge, and the same shall be

registered by the proper officer as a

local land charge accordingly."

I'niversities and College Estates Act,

1925.

S. 3 - - In paragraph (i) of subsection (4), for the words "a condition of re-entry on the

" rent not being paid within a time

" therein specified, not exceeding thirty

" days, " there shall be substituted the

■words " the statutory powers and reme-

" dies for the recovery of the rent shall

" apply."

CHAPTER 12.

An Act to extend the periods of operation of section one and subsection (2) of section thuee of the

Unemployment Insurance (No. 2) Act, 1924,

and of subsection (1) of section five of the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925.

[30th June 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1920. Unemployment Insurance Ch. 12. 69

Act, 1926.

Geo. 5. c. 30.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 69

1. The following provisions of the Acts relating to Extension unemployment insurance, that is to say:— of operation

• (a) Section one of the Unemployment Insurance of o'/ 9 \ an f d

(No. 2) Act, 1924 (which provides that until the Unemploy-

thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and mentlnsur-

twenty-six, insured contributors are to have ance (No. 2)

certain rights in respect of the receipt of Ac ^> 1924 >

unemployment benefit); and of Unem

(&) Subsection (2) of section three of the said Act payment

(which as amended by section two of the insurance

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925, provides Act, 1925.

that during the period between the commence- 14 & 15

ment of the Unemployment Insurance (No. 2)

Act, 1924, and the thirtieth day of June,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, a person is

to be entitled to receive benefit if the Minister thinks fit so to direct notwithstanding that the first statutory condition may not have been fulfilled in his case); and

(c) Subsection (1) of section five of the Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925 (which provides that

it shall not be necessary for the Minister at

any time before the first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, to require any association to make for the purposes of proviso (a)

to subsection (1) of section seventeen of the

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920, any greater 10 & 11

provision for unemployment benefit than would Geo. 5. o. 30.

have been required to be made for those purposes under that Act as originally enacted)

shall have effect as if for the said thirtieth day of June,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, thirtieth day of June,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, respectively,

there were substituted the day on which this Act

expires.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Unemployment Short title,

Insurance Act, 1926, and shall be included among the duration,

Acts which may be cited together as the Unemployment anc | ^reinsurance Acts, 1920 to 1926. cation.

(2) This Act shall, unless Parliament otherwise determines, expire on the thirty-first day of December,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(3) This Act does not apply to Northern Ireland.

70

Ch. 13.

Criminal Justice 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Amendment

of s. 7 of Criminal

Justice Act,

1925.

15 & 16 Geo.

5. c. 86.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 17.

CHAPTER 13.

An Act to amend section seven of the Criminal

Justice Act, 1925.

[30th June 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There shall be substituted for the subsection directed by subsection (2) of section seven of the Criminal

Justice Act, 1925 (in this Act referred to as " the principal Act "), to be substituted for subsection (3) of section one of the Probation of Offenders Act, 1907, the following subsection:—

" (3) The court may, where it makes an order under this section, further order that the offender shall pay such costs of the proceedings, or such damages for injury or compensation for loss (not exceeding in the case of a court of summary jurisdiction twenty-five pounds, or, if a higher limit is fixed by any enactment relating to the offence, that higher limit), as the court thinks reasonable, or both such costs and damages or

compensation."

(2) The following further amendments shall be made

in section seven of the principal Act:—

(a) In subsection (1) for the words "in every case

" where a person as respects whom a probation

" order has been made by a court of summary

" jurisdiction" there shall be substituted the words "in every case where a person in respect

" of whom an order has been made by a court

" of summary jurisdiction under section one of " the principal Act ":

(6) In subsection (4) for the words "probation order " there shall be substituted the word

" recognizance ":

(c) In subsection (5) for the words "the certificate "

there shall be substituted the words "any such

" certificate, if purporting to be signed by a

" justice":

1926. . Criminal Justice Ch. 13, 14. 7]

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

{<d)In subsection (6) for the words "where a person

" as respects whom a probation order has been

# " made " there shall be substituted the words

" where a person bound by his recognizance to

" appear for conviction and sentence."

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Criminal Short title

Justice (Amendment) Act, 1926, and the principal Act and and this Act may be cited together as the Criminal P rmtin g-

Justice Acts, 1925 and 1926.

(2) livery enactment and word which is directed by

this Act to be substituted for any portion of the principal

Act shall form part of that Act in the place assigned to

it by this Act, and the principal Act shall be construed

as if the said enactment or word had been enacted in the principal Act in the place so assigned and had been enacted in lieu of the enactment or word for which it is

substituted.

A copy of the principal Act with the amendments required by this Act shall be prepared and certified by

the Clerk of the Parliaments and deposited with the

Rolls of Parliament, and His Majesty’s printer shall print in accordance with the copy so certified all copies

of the principal Act which are printed after the commencement of this Act.

CHAPTER 14.

An Act to provide for the incorporation of the

Trustees of the Imperial War Graves Endowment Fund and for other matters connected with the said Fund.

[30th June 1926.]

WHEREAS by Royal Charter dated the twenty-first

V V day of May, nineteen hundred and seventeen, a

body was incorporated by the name of the Imperial

War Craves Commission for the purpose of caring for the graves of officers and men of the military and naval forces of His Majesty who fell in the late war and for other purposes mentioned in the Charter:

And whereas under Part VI. of the said Charter the

Commission were empowered to establish an Endowment

Fund (in this Act referred to as " the Endowment

72

Ch. 14.

Imperial War 16 & .17 Geo. 5.

Graves Endowment Fund Act, 1926.

Incorporation of Trustees of Endowment

Fund.

Accumulation of Endowment Fund.

Short title.

Fund") and to apply the income produced by the Endowment Fund in carrying into effect the purposes of the Charter: .

And whereas it was further provided by the Charter that the Endowment Fund should be vested in three

Trustees to be appointed in manner therein mentioned,

and that the Trustees might invest any moneys for the time being constituting the capital of the Endowment

Fund in such manner and in such securities of such a

description as the Trustees should think expedient:

And whereas the Governments of the United

Kingdom, British India, the Dominion of Canada, the

Commonwealth of Australia, the Dominion of New

Zealand, the Union of South Africa, Newfoundland and the Governments of certain British Colonies and Protectorates have agreed or may agree to contribute to

the Endowment Fund:

And whereas it is expedient to make provision for incorporating the Trustees of the Endowment Fund and for other matters in connection with the Fund:

And whereas for the purpose of better securing the objects of the Charter it is expedient that provision should be made to enable the Trustees to accumulate contributions to the Endowment Fund and the income thereof, and such purpose cannot be effected without the authority of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Trustees of the Endowment Fund shall be

a body corporate by the name of the Imperial War

Graves Endowment Fund Trustees with perpetual succession and a common seal.

2. Notwithstanding anything in the said Charter

or in any Act, the Trustees of the Endowment Fund shall have power to accumulate in augmentation of the Fund any of the income produced by the Fund until the total amount of the Fund reaches the sum of five million pounds.

3. This Act may be cited as the Imperial War

Graves Endowment Fund Act, 1926.

1926.

Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 15.

73

CHAPTER 15.

An Act to amend the law of Scotland relating to

appeal in criminal cases tried on indictment.

[8th July 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows >—

1. A person convicted on indictment may appeal Right of under this Act to the High Court of Justiciary (herein- a PP° al by

after in this Act referred to as the Court)— convicted

(a) against his conviction on any ground of appeal, on indict-

which involves a question of law alone; and ment.

(b) with the leave of the Court or upon the certificate of the judge who presided at the trial that it is a fit case for appeal, against his conviction on any ground of appeal which involves

a question of fact alone or a question of mixed law and fact or on any other ground which appears to the Court or to the judge to be a

sufficient ground of appeal;

(c) with the leave of the Court against the sentence passed on his conviction unless the sentence is

one fixed by law; Provided that a person sentenced to preventive detention within the meaning of the Prevention of Crime Act, 1908, 8 Edw. 7.

may appeal to the Court against such sentence c - 59 -

without the leave of the Court.

2. — (1).The Court on any such appeal against Determina-

conviction shall allow the appeal if they think that tion of the verdict of the j ury should be set aside on the ground a PP eals in

that it is unreasonable or cannot be supported having oLes

regard to the evidence, or that the judgment of the court before whom the appellant was convicted should

be set aside on the ground of a wrong decision of any question of law or that on any ground there was a

miscarriage of justice and in any other case shall dismiss the appeal: Provided that the Court may, notwithstanding that they are of opinion that the point raised

in the appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant.

74

Ch. 15.

Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Powers of Court in

special cases

dismiss the appeal if they consider that no substantial miscarriage of justice has actually occurred.

(2) Subject to the special provisions of this Act

the Court shall, if they allow an appeal against conviction, quash the conviction.

(3) On any appeal against conviction the Court shall have the like power to quash the sentence passed and to pass another sentence as is conferred on the

Court by the immediately succeeding subsection of this section in the case of an appeal against sentence.

(4) On any appeal against sentence the Court shall,

if they think that a different sentence should have been passed, quash the sentence passed and pass such other sefitence warranted in law (whether more or less severe)

in substitution therefor as they think ought to have been passed, and in any other case shall dismiss the appeal.

3.—(1) If it appears to the Court that an appellant though not properly convicted on some charge or part

of the indictment, has been properly convicted on some other charge or part of the indictment, the Court may,

instead of allowing or dismissing the appeal, substitute for the verdict found by the jury a verdict of guilty on

such other charge or part of the indictment, and may either affirm the sentence passed on the appellant at the trial or pass such sentence in substitution therefor as

thgy think proper, and as may be warranted in law by

the verdict so substituted.

(2) Where an appellant has been convicted of an

offence and the jury could on the indictment have found him guilty of some other offence, and on the finding of the jury it appears to the Court that the jury must have been satisfied of facts which proved him guilty of that other offence, the Court may, instead of allowing or

dismissing the appeal, substitute for the verdict found by

the jury a verdict of guilty of that other offence, and pass such sentence in substitution for the sentence passed at the trial as may be warranted *in law for that other offence.

(3) If on any appeal it appears to the Court that the appellant committed the act charged against him but that he was insane at the time of committing the same,

the Court may substitute for the verdict found by

1926.

Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 15.

75

the jury a verdict of acquittal on the ground of insanity,

and may quash the sentence passed at the trial and mate such order for the detention of the appellant until

His Majesty’s pleasure be known, as may be made under section eighty-eight of the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857, 20 & 21 Vict.

in the case of a person acquitted by a jury on the ground c - 71 -

of insanity.

4.—(1) Where a person convicted desires to appeal Time for under this Act to the Court or to obtain the leave of the appealing.

Court to appeal, he shall within ten days of the date of his conviction in the case of appeal or application for leave to appeal against conviction, or within ten days of the date of his sentence in the case of appeal or

application for leave to appeal against sentence, give,

in such manner as may be directed by Act of Adjournal,

notice of appeal or of application for leave to appeal.

Provision shall be made by such Act of Adjournal to

enable any such person to present his case and his argument in writing instead of orally if he so desires,

and any case or argument so presented shall be considered by the Court. Except in the case of a conviction involving sentence of death, the time within which notice of appeal or of application for leave to appeal may be given may be extended at any time by the

Court.

(2) In the case of a sentence of death or corporal punishment—

(a) the sentence shall not in any case be executed until after the expiration of the time within which notice of appeal or of an application for leave to appeal may be given under this section;

and

(b) if notice is so given, the appeal or application shall be heard and determined with as much expedition as practicable, and the sentence shall not be executed until after the determination of the appeal, or, in cases where an application

fo*r leave to appeal is finally refused, of the application.

(3) Where in the case of a conviction involving sentence of death the appeal is dismissed or the application for leave to appeal is finally refused, the

Court shall fix a day for the execution of the sentence

76

Ch. 15.

Criminal Appeal 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Judges notes and report to

be furnished

on appeal.

Supplemental powers of Court.

which day shall be not less than fourteen or more than eighteen clear days after the day when the appeal is

dismissed or the application for leave to appeal is finally refused, and the sentence pronounced at the trial shall have effect as if for the day therein mentioned, the day fixed in pursuance of this subsection were substituted.

5. Where a person convicted appeals under this Act against the conviction or against the sentence,

or applies for leave to appeal, the judge who presided

at the trial shall furnish to the Clerk of Justiciary, in

such manner as may be directed by Act of Adjournal,

his notes of the proceedings before him, and a report giving his opinion on the ease or on any point arising therein.

6. For the purposes of this Act the Court may, if

they think it necessary or expedient in the interest of justice—

(a) order the production of any document, or other thing connected with the proceedings, the production of which appears to them necessary for the determination of the case; and

(b) if they think fit, order any witnesses who would have been compellable witnesses at the trial

to attend and be examined before the Court,

whether they were or were not called at the trial, or order the examination of any such witnesses to be conducted in manner provided

by Act of Adjournal before any judge of the

Court or other person appointed by the Court for the purpose, and allow the admission of any depositions so taken as evidence before the

Court; and #

(c) if they think fit, receive the evidence, if tendered

of any witness (including the appellant) who

is a competent but not compellable witness,

and, if the appellant makes an application for the purpose, of the husband or wife of the appellant, in cases where the evidence of the husband or wife could not have been given at

the trial except on such an application; and

(d) where any question arising on the appeal involves prolonged examination of documents or accounts,

or any scientific or local investigation, which

192(3.

Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 15.

77

cannot in the opinion of the Court conveniently

be conducted before the Court, order the reference of the question in manner provided

by Act of Adjournal for inquiry and report

to a special commissioner appointed by the

Court, and act upon the report of any such commissioner so far as they think fit to adopt

it; and

(e) appoint any person with special expert knowledge to act as assessor to the Court in any case where it appears to the Court that such special knowledge is required for the proper determination of the case;

and exercise in relation to the proceedings under this Act any other powers vested in the Court, and issue any warrants necessary for enforcing the orders or

sentences of the Court: Provided that in no case shall any sentence be increased by reason of or in consideration

of any evidence that was not given at the trial.

7. —(1) An appellant, notwithstanding that he is Right of in custody, shall be entitled to be present if he desires appellant to

it, on the hearing of Ins appeal, except where the be present,

appeal is on some ground involving a question of law alone, but, in that case and on an application for leave to appeal and on any proceedings preliminary or

incidental to an appeal, shall not be entitled to be present,

except where it is provided by Act of Adjournal that he

shall have the right to be present, or where the Court gives him leave to be presept.

(2) The power of the Court to pass any sentence under this Act may be exercised notwithstanding that the appellant is for any reason not present.

8. On the hearing and determination of an appeal Expensos of or any proceedings preliminary or incidental thereto appeal,

under this Act no expenses shall be allowed on either side.

9. —(l)*The Court may, if it seems fit, on the appli- Admission cation of an appellant, admit the appellant to bail of appellant pending the determination of his appeal. to ba ' l > and

(2) An appellant who is admitted to bail shall, unless when the Court otherwise directs, appear personally in Court attending

on the day or days fixed for the hearing of his appeal Court.

78

Ch. 15.

Criminal Appeal 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

40 & 41 Victs

c. 53.

Summary determination of frivolous appeals, &c.

or application for leave to appeal. In the event of the appellant failing so to appear, the Court may decline to

consider the appeal or application, and may dismiss it

summarily or may consider and determine it or make such other order as they think fit.

(3) An appellant who is not admitted to bail shall,

pending the determination of his appeal, be treated

in such manner as may be directed by rules made under the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877.

(4) The time during which an appellant, pending the determination of his appeal, is admitted to bail,

and subject to any directions which the Court may give

to the contrary on any appeal, the time during which the appellant, if in custody, is specially treated as an

appellant under this section, shall not count as part

of any term of imprisonment or penal servitude under his sentence, and, in the case of an appeal under this Act, any imprisonment or penal servitude under the sentence of the appellant, whether it is the sentence passed by the court of trial or the sentence passed by

the Court on appeal shall, subject to any directions which may be given by the Court as aforesaid, be deemed

to be resumed or to begin to run, as the case requires,

if the appellant is in custody, as from the day on which the appeal is determined, and, if he is not in custody,

as from the day on which he is received into prison under the sentence.

(5) Provision shall be made by rules under the

Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877, for the manner in which

an appellant, when in custody, is to .be brought to any place at which he is entitled to be present for the purposes

of this Act, or to any place to which the Court or any judge thereof may order him to be taken for the purpose

of any proceedings of the Court, and for the manner in

which he is to be kept in custody while absent from prison for the purpose; and an appellant whilst in custody in

accordance with those rules shall be deemed to be in

legal custody.

10. — (1) If on any notice of appeal against a

conviction purporting to be on a ground of appeal which involves a question of law alone it appears to the Court that the appeal is frivolous or vexatious, and that it

can be determined without adjourning it for a full hearing, they may dismiss the appeal summarily, without

1920. Criminal Appeal Ch. 15. 79

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

calling on any persons to attend the hearing or to appear for the Crown thereon.

•(2) Any documents, productions, or other things lodged in connection with the proceedings on the trial of any person on indictment, who, if convicted, is entitled

or may be authorised to appeal under this Act, shall be

kept in the custody of the court of trial in accordance with rules made by Act of Adjournal for the purpose,

for such time as may be provided by the rules, and subject to such power as may be given by the rules for the conditional release of any such documents,

productions, or things from that custody.

(3) The Clerk of Justiciary shall furnish the necessary forms and instructions in relation to notices of appeal or

notices of application under this Act to any person who demands the same, and to officers of courts, governors

of prisons, and such other officers or persons as he thinks fit, and the governor of a prison shall cause those forms and instructions to be placed at the disposal of prisoners desiring to appeal or to make any application under this Act, and shall cause any such notice given by a prisoner

in his custody to be forwarded on behalf of the prisoner

to the Clerk of Justiciary.

11 .—(1)Shorthand notes shall be taken of the Shorthand proceedings at the trial of any person on indictment, notes of who, if convicted, is entitled or may be authorised to trial -

appeal under this Act, and on any appeal or application for leave to appeal a transcript of the notes or any part thereof shall be made if the Clerk of Justiciary so directs,

and furnished to him for the use of the Court or any judge thereof: Provided that a transcript shall be

furnished to any party interested upon the payment of such charges *as the Treasury may fix.

(2) The Secretary for Scotland may also, if he

thinks fit in any case, direct a transcript of the shorthand notes to be made and furnished to him for his use.

(3) The cost of taking any such shorthand notes,

and of any transcript where a transcript is directed to

be made by the Clerk of Justiciary or by the Secretary for Scotland, shall be defrayed, in accordance with scales of payment fixed for the time being by the

Treasury, out of moneys provided by Parliament, and

80

Ch. 15.

Criminal Appeal 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Quorum procedure and sitting

of the

Court, &c.

Sentence

in Sheriff

Court not to

be suspended.

Powers which may

be exercised by a

judge of the

Court.

such provision as is necessary for securing the accuracy

of the notes to be taken and for the verification of the transcript may be made by Act of Adjournal.

12. -—(1) For the purpose of hearing and determining any appeal or other proceeding under this Act three of the

Lords Commissioners of Justiciary shall be a quorum of the Court, and the determination of any question under this Act by the Court shall be according to the votes

of the majority of the members of the Court sitting,

including the presiding judge, and each judgp so sitting shall be entitled to pronounce a separate opinion.

(2) The Court shall hold both during Session and during Vacation such sittings for the disposal of appeals and other proceedings under this Act as may be necessary.

(3) The provisions of this section shall apply to

cases certified to the High Court of Justiciary by a

single judge of the said Court and to appeals by way of advocation from the Sheriff Court in like manner as

they apply to appeals under this Act.

(4) The provision substituted as regards Scotland

by subsection (5) of section seventeen of the Prevention

of Crime Act, 1908, for section eleven thereof is hereby repealed except as regards persons convicted on or

before the thirty-first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

13. It shall not be competent to appeal to the

High Court of Justiciary by bill of suspension against any conviction, sentence, judgment or order pronounced after the thirty-first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, in any proceedings on indictment in the

Sheriff Court.

14. The powers of the Court under this Act to give leave to appeal, to extend the time within which notice

of appeal or of an application for leave to appeal may

be given, to allow the appellant to be present at any proceedings in cases where he is not entitled to be

present without leave, and to admit an appellant to

bail, may be exercised by any judge of the Court in the same manner as they may be exercised by the Court,

and subject to the same provisions; but, if the judge refuses an application on the part of the appellant to

exercise any such power in his favour, the appellant

1926.

Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 15.

81

shall be entitled to have the application determined by

the Court.

' 15. The Court may by Act of Adjournal regulate the practice and procedure under this Act, and make such rules and regulations as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this Act, provided that no rule, regulation or provision which affects the governor or any other officer of a prison shall be made by any such Act of Adjournal except with the consent of the Secretary for

Scotland.

16. Nothing in this Act shall affect the prerogative

of mercy, but the Secretary for Scotland on the consideration of any petition for the exercise of His

Majesty’s mercy, having reference to the conviction

of a person on indictment or to the sentence (other than sentence of death) passed on a person who has been so convicted, may, if he thinks fit, at any time,

and whether an appeal or an application for leave to

appeal against such conviction or sentence has or has not previously been heard and determined by the Court,

either—

(a) refer the whole case to the Court and the case shall then be heard and determined by the

Court as in the case of an appeal under this Act; or

(b) if he desires the assistance of the Court on any point arising in the case with a view to the determination of the petition, refer that point

to the Court for \heir opinion thereon, and the

Court shall consider the point so referred and furnish the Secretary for Scotland with their opinion thereon accordingly.

17. — (1) Subject to the provisions of the immediately preceding section of this Act, all interlocutors and sentences pronounced by the Court under this Act shall be

final and conclusive and not subject to review by any

Court whatsoever and it shall be incompetent to stay or

suspend any execution or diligence issuing from the Court under this Act.

(2) Section seventy-two of the Criminal Procedure

(Scotland) Act, 1887, shall have effect subject to the provisions of this Act.

F

Power to

make Acts

of Adjournal.

Prerogative

of morcy.

Finality of proceedings

of Court.

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 35.

82

Ch. 15, 16.

Criminal Appeal 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Definitions.

Short title,

extent and application.

Sheriff officer to

have the powers of a

messenger-

at-arms in

certain places.

18. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

The expression "appellant " includes a person who has been convicted and desires to appeal under this Act; and the expression "sentence "

includes any order of the Court made on conviction with reference to the person convicted

or his wife or children, and any recommendation

of the Court as to the making of a deportation order in the case of a person convicted and the power of the Court to pass a senterfce includes

a power to make any such order of the Court or

recommendation, and a recommendation so

made by the Court shall have the same effect for the purposes of Article twelve of the Aliens

Order, 1920, as the certificate and recommendation of the convicting Court.

19. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Criminal

Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926, and shall extend to Scotland only.

(2) This Act shall apply to all persons convicted after the thirty-first day of October, nineteen hundred and tw enty-six, hut shall not affect the rights as regards appeal of any person convicted on or before that date.

CHAPTER 16.

An Act to amend the law relating to the execution

of diligence in Scotland.

[8th July 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, In any county in which there is ho resident messenger-at-arms, or in any of the islands of Scotland,

a sheriff officer duly authorised to practise in any part

of the sheriffdom comprising such county or island shall have all the powers of a messenger-at-arms in

regard to the service of any summons, writ, citation

1926.

Execution of Diligence

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 16.

83

or other proceeding or to the execution of or diligence

on, any decree warrant or order.

2.—(1) It shall be competent to execute by registered letter in accordance with the provisions hereinafter contained:—

(a) an arrestment proceeding on any warrant or

. decree of the small debt court, or

(b) a charge upon a decree for payment of money,

glinted in the small debt court, if the place of execution is in any of the islands of Scotland

or in any county in which there is no resident sheriff officer, or is more than twelve miles distant from the seat of the court where such decree was granted.

(2) The following provisions shall apply to the execution by registered letter of an arrestment or

charge in pursuance of the foregoing provisions of this section:—

(a) A registered letter containing the writ or other document to be served shall be sent by post

to the known residence or place of business

of the person in whose hands the arrestment

is to be used (hereinafter referred to as the arrestee) or against whom the charge is to be

executed (hereinafter referred to as the debtor)

or to the last known address of such arrestee or

debtor if it continues to be his legal domicile

or proper place 6f citation:

(b) The registered letter may be sent by a sheriff officer who would be entitled to execute the arrestment or the charge according to the law and practice existing at the passing of this Act, or by a messenger-at-arms resident in the sheriffdom in which the place of execution is

situated, or, if there is no sheriff officer, or

messenger-at-arms resident in the sheriffdom,

by a law agent enrolled in such sheriffdom:

(c) On the back of the registered letter besides the address there shall be written or printed the following notice or a notice to the like effect:—

" If delivery of this letter cannot be made, it is

Execution

of arrestment or

charge by

registered letter in

certain cases.

84

Ch. 16.

Execution of Diligence 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 48.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 51.

" to be returned immediately to [give the name

" and address of law agent, messenger-at-

" arms, or sheriff officer concerned] ":

(d) The execution to be returned shall be accompanied by the Post Office receipt for the registered letter:

(e) Delivery of a registered letter sent in accordance with the foregoing provisions shall constitute

a valid arrestment in the hands of the arrestee,

or a valid execution of the charge against the debtor as the case may be as at the time of such delivery, and where in any proceedings in

which the validity of such arrestment or of such charge is in question there is produced

an acknowledgment or certificate of the delivery of the registered letter issued by the

Postmaster General in pursuance of regulations under the Post Office Act, 1908, the letter shall

be presumed to have been delivered to the arrestee or to the debtor at the address and on

the day specified in such acknowledgment or

certificate, unless it shall be proved by the arrestee or the debtor or any person having an

interest that the registered letter was never in

fact delivered to or received by the arrestee or

the debtor as the case may be, or any person with his authority, express or necessarily implied, or was so delivered on some other day:

(f) Where, in any proceedings in which the validity

of any such arrestment or of such charge is in

question, it is proved that the registered letter sent in pursuance of the foregoing provisions was duly tendered at the proper address of the arrestee or the debtor, but was refused by him

or by some person with his authority, express

or necessarily implied, the Court may if it shall think fit hold such tender and refusal equivalent

to delivery of the registered letter for the purposes of this section:•

(g) The provisions of rule one hundred and twenty-

six in the First Schedule to the Sheriff Courts

(Scotland) Act, 1907, shall not apply to service

of a schedule of arrestment in accordance with the foregoing provisions.

1926. Execution of Diligence Ch. 16.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

3. Where an extract decree or warrant granted

by any court in Scotland is presented to the sheriff within whose jurisdiction such decree or warrant requires

to be executed, and the sheriff is satisfied that no

messenger-at-arms or sheriff officer is reasonably available to execute such decree or warrant, the sheriff may,

if he shall think fit, grant authority to any person whom

he may deem suitable (but hot including the law agent

of the party presenting the extract decree or warrant)

to execute such decree or warrant, and the person so

authorised* shall as regards any diligence or execution competent on such decree or warrant have all the powers of a messenger-at-arms or sheriff officer.

4. For the purposes of section three of the Citation

Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1882, the expression "enrolled law agent " shall mean—

(a) in the case of a summons, warrant or judicial intimation issued from the Court of Session, a

law agent whose name is on the roll of law agents practising before such court kept in pursuance

of section twelve of the Law Agents (Scotland)

Act, 1873; and

(b) in the case of a summons, warrant or judicial intimation issued from the sheriff court, a law agent whose name is on the roll, kept in pursuance of section thirteen of the said Act, of law agents practising in any sheriff court of the sheriffdom in which the summons, warrant

or judicial intimation is to be executed.

5. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,

the expression "small debt court " shall mean the sheriff’s small debt court, the expression "arrestment "

shall includb arrestment on the dependence, arrestment

in security, and arrestment in execution, but shall not include arrestment to found jurisdiction; a law agent shall be deemed to be enrolled in a sheriffdom if his name is on the roll, kept in pursuance of section thirteen of the Law Agents (Scotland) Act, 1873, of law agents practising in any of the sheriff courts in that sheriffdom.

6. The Court of Session may by Act of Sederunt make such regulations and prescribe such forms as may

be necessary to give full effect to the provisions of this

85

Authorisation by

sheriff to do

diligence in

certain cases.

Meaning of " enrolled law agent "

in 45 & 46

Vict. c. 77.

36 & 37 Vict,

c. 63.

Interpretation.

Regulations,

forms and fees.

86

Ch. 16, 17.

Execution of Diligence 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Repeal of enactments.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 100.

Short title.

Temporary amendment

of 8 Edw. 7,

c. 57. s. 3.

Short title,

extent and duration.

Act, and fix the fees payable to messengers-at-arms,

sheriff officers or others in respect of anything done under this Act.

7. Section nineteen of the Court of Session Act, 1868,

and section forty-nine of the Sheriff Courts (Scotland)

Act, 1907, are hereby repealed.

8. This Act may be cited as the Execution of Diligence (Scotland) Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 17.

An Act to amend temporarily the Coal Mines

Acts, 1887 to 1919, with respect to the hours

of employment below ground.

[8th July 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. During the continuance of this Act, section three

of the Coal Mures Regulation Act, 1908, shall have effect-

as if the words "on not mord than sixty days in any calendar year " and subsection (2) thereof were omitted therefrom.

2.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Coal Mines

Act, 1926, and the Coal Mines Acts, % 1887 to 1919,

and this Act, may be cited together as the Coal Mines

Acts, 1887 to 1926.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall continue in force for a period of five years from the passing thereof.

1926.

Secretaries of State

Act, 1926.

Ch. 18.

87

CHAPTER 18.

An Act to transfer the powers of the Secretary for Scotland to one of His Majesty’s Principal

Secretaries of State, and to increase the number

of Secretaries of State and Under Secretaries

of State capable of sitting and voting in the

Commons House of Parliament, and for purposes connected with the matters aforesaid.

[15th July 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) On the first appointment after the passing

of this Act of an additional Principal Secretary of State

(if His Majesty is pleased to make such an appointment), all the powers and duties of the Secretary for

Scotland shall, by virtue of this Act, become powers and duties of a Principal Secretary of State, and the office of Secretary for Scotland and the office of Parliamentary Under Secretary for Health for Scotland shall be abolished.

(2) On the appointment of such an additional

Secretary of State as aforesaid, all property which at the time of the appointment 'is vested in the Secretary foj

Scotland as such shall, by virtue of this Act, be transferred to and become vested in that additional Secretary

of State.

(3) For the* purpose of the construction of any Act

of Parliament, judgment, decree, order, award, warrant,

deed, contract, regulation, byelaw, or other document passed or made before the time at which the transfer under this Act of the powers and duties of and of property vested in the Secretary for Scotland to a

Principal Secretary of State takes effect, references therein to the Secretary for Scotland and to the Parliamentary Under Secretary for Health for Scotland shall,

as from the time of the said transfer, have effect as if

they were respectively references to one of His Majesty’s

Transfer of powers and duties from

Secretary for Scotland

to Secretary

of State.

88

Ch. 18.

Transitory provisions.

Increase of number of Secretaries

of State and

Under Secretaries in the

House of Commons.

21 & 22 Vict,

c. 106.

27 & 28 Vict,

e. 34.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

c. 61.

Short title and repeal.

Secretaries of State 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Principal Secretaries of State and to an Under Secretary

to that Principal Secretary of State.

2. —(1) Where anything in relation to the property,

powers or duties transferred by this Act was commenced

by or under the authority of the Secretary for Scotland before the time of the transfer aforesaid, that thing may

be carried on and completed by or under the authority of a Secretary of State.

(2) Where at the time of the transfer aforesaid any legal proceeding is pending to which the Secretary for

Scotland is a party and that proceeding has reference to

any property, powers, or duties transferred by this Act, a

Secretary of State shall be substituted in that proceeding for the Secretary for Scotland, and that proceeding shall not abate by reason of the substitution.

(3) All permanent secretaries, inspectors, clerks,

or other officers employed under the Secretary for

Scotland at the time of the transfer aforesaid shall hold their offices and places under the Secretary of State,

and shall do so upon the same terms and conditions,

and shall have the same powers, privileges, and immunities with respect to the performance of their duties,

as if this Act had not passed.

3. The number of Principal Secretaries of State and of Under Secretaries of State capable of sitting and voting in the Commons House of Parliament shall

be increased to six, and accordingly section four of the Government of India Act, 1858, and section one of the House of Commons (Vacation of Seats) Act, 1864, as

amended by section eleven of the Air Force (Constitution) Act, 1917, shall have effect as if the word "six "

were substituted for the word "five " wherever that word occurs in those sections as so amended.

4. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Secretaries

of State Act, 1926.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act shall, to the extent specified in the third column

of that Schedule, be repealed as from the time of the transfer aforesaid.

1926.

Secretaries of State

Act, 1926.

Ch. 18, 19.

89

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

t

48 & 49 Vict.

The Secretary for Scotland

Section two from the be-

c. 61.

Act, 1885.

ginning down to " pounds

a year " and sections three and four.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Scottish Board of In subsection (1) of sec-

c. 20.

t

Health Act, 1919.

tion three the words from the beginning of the subsection down to

" this Act " and from

" there shall be paid "

to the end of the subsection.

CHAPTER 19.

An Act to remove the necessity of the re-election

of Members of the House of Commons on

acceptance of office.’[15th July 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) In subsection (1) of section one of the Re-

election of‘Ministers Act, 1919, the words "and if such

" acceptance has taken place within nine months

" after the issue of a proclamation summoning a new

" Parliament " shall be deleted and the said section shall, as from the passing of this Act, have effect as if

the said words did not form part of the said section.

Section 4.

Amendment

of law as to

necessity of re-election

of Ministers.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 2.

90

Ch. 19.

Short title.

Re-election of Ministers 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act (1919) Amendment Act, 1926.

(2) The enactments mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in

the third column of that Schedule.

2. This Act may be cited as the Re-election of Ministers Act (1919) Amendment Act, 1926.

SCHEDULE. /

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

30 & 31 Vict.

The Representation of Section fifty-two and Schedule

c. 102.

the People Act, 1867.

H.

31 & 32 Vict.

The Representation of Section fifty-one and Schedule

c. 48.

the People (Scotland)

Act, 1868.

H.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 49.

The Representation of the People (Ireland)

Act, 1868.

Section eleven and Schedule E.

48 & 49 Vict.

The Secretary for Scot-

In section three the words "in

c. 61.

land Act, 1885.

" Schedule H of the Repre-

" sentation of the People

" Act, 1867; in Schedule H

" of the Representation of " the People (Scotland) Act,

" 1868; in Schedule E of " the Representation of the

" People (Ireland) Act, 1868;

" and." *

52 & 53 Vict.

The Board of Agricul-

In subsection (1) of section

c. 30.

ture Act, 1889.

eight the words "and shall

" be deemed to be an office

" included in Schedule H of " the Representation of the

" People Act, *1867; Sche-

" dule H of the Representa-

" tion of the People (Scot-

" land) Act, 1868; and Sche-

" dule E of the Representa-

" tion of the People (Ireland)

" Act, 1868."

1926.

Re-election of Ministers

Act (1919) Amendment Act, 1926.

Ch. 19.

91

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 33.

The Board of Education Act, 1899.

In subsection (1) of section eight the words "in Sche-

" dule H of the Representa-

" tion of the People Act,

" 1867; in Schedule H of the

" Representation of the

" People (Scotland) Act,

" 1868; in Schedule E of " the Representation of the

" People (Ireland) Act, 1868,

" and."

6 & 7 Geo. 6.

c. 65.

The Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916.

In subsection (1) of section seven the words "in Sche-

" dule H of the Representa-

" tion of the People Act,

" 1867; in Schedule H of " the Representation of the

" People (Scotland) Act,

" 1868; in Schedule E of " the Representation of the

" People (Ireland) Act,

" 1868; and."

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 68.

The New Ministries and Secretaries Act,

1916.

Subsection (2) of section twelve.

9&10 Geo. 5.

c. 2.

The Re-election of Ministers Act, 1919. .

In section one, subsection (1),

the words "and if such ac-

" ceptance has taken place

" within nine months after

" the issue of a proclamation

" summoning a new Parlia-

" ment, " and subsection (2).

In section two the words "and

" the office of such Minister

" shall be deemed to be an

" office included in the above-

" mentioned Schedules."

92

. Ch. 20.

Boards of Guardians 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Default) Act, 1926.

Proceedings

on default

by board of guardians.

CHAPTER 20.

An Act to provide in the case of default by a board

of guardians for the reconstitution of the board;

and for matters arising out of the default or

consequential on the reconstitution.

[15th July 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where it appears to the Minister of Health

(in this Act referred to as "the Minister") that the board of guardians for any poor Jaw union have ceased,

or are acting in such a manner as will render them unable, to discharge all or any of the functions exercise-

able by the board, the Minister may by order under this Act appoint such person or persons, as he may think fit

(whether qualified or not to be guardians for the union),

to constitute the board in substitution for the then existing members of the board (who shall on the making

of the order vacate their office) for such period, not exceeding twelve months, as may be specified in the order,

and the persons so appointed shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute the board.

Until the expiration of the term of office of the persons appointed by the order (in this Ac* referred to

as "the appointed guardians"), no person shall become

a member of the board otherwise than by the appointment of the Minister.

Where any such order is made, provision shall be

made thereby, or by a subsequent order under this Act,

for the holding of an election of members of the board

to come into office on the expiration of the term of office of the appointed guardians, and with respect to the term of office of the guardians elected at that election.

1926. Boards of Guardians Ch. 20. *93

(Default) Act, 1926.

(2) The Minister may at any time, and from time to

time, by order extend, for a period not exceeding six months, the term of office of the appointed guardians.

An order made under this subsection shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be

after it is made, and if either House within twenty-one days after the order has been laid before it presents an

address to His Majesty praying that the order may be

annulled, His Majesty may by Order in Council annul the order ?, nd it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder, or the making of a fresh order.

(3) An order made under this Act may—

(a) contain such supplemental and consequential provisions as appear to the Minister to be

necessary or expedient for the purpose of giving full effect to the order; and

(b) be amended, varied or revoked by a subsequent order made under this Act.

(4) There may, out of any moneys in the hands of the appointed guardians for the purpose of the exercise

of the powers or the discharge of the duties of the board, be paid to the appointed guardians such remuneration, and to any persons appointed to advise the appointed guardians such reasonable allowance on

account of travelling expenses and by way of subsistence,

as the Minister may approve.

(5) If before the date on which an order is made under this Act in respect of any board of guardians the clerk or any other officer of the board has, on the directions of the Minister, incurred any liabilities in

connection with the relief of the poor in the poor law union, the appointed guardians may discharge those liabilities out of any moneys in their hands as aforesaid.

2. — (I) This Act may be cited as the Boards of Short title

Guardians (Default) Act, 1926. and application.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

94

Ch. 21.

Disclosure

of weight of fat cattle

on sale by

auction.

Extension

of powers

of Minister

to grant exemption from provisions of principal

Acts.

50 & 61

Vict. c. 27.

54 & 55

Vict. c. 70.

Markets and Fairs 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1926,

CHAPTER 21.

An Act to amend the Markets and Fairs (Weighing

of Cattle) Acts, 1887 and 1891.

[15th July 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parh ament assembled, and by the authority <jf the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act an

auctioneer shall not offer for sale in any market, fair,

or mart, in or near which a weighing machine is provided for the purpose of complying with the provisions of the principal Acts, any cattle which are fit for immediate slaughter unless they have been weighed on the weighing machine and their weight as so ascertained is disclosed

to intending purchasers at the time of the offer for sale,

either by announcement made by the auctioneer or in

some other manner calculated to bring it to their notice.

(2) Any auctioneer who offers for sale any cattle

in contravention of this section shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding forty shillings for each head of cattle so offered for sale.

(3) In this section the expression "cattle" means bulls, cows, oxen and heifers.

(4) The Minister may by order declare that the foregoing provisions of this Act shall not apply as

respects any market, fair or mart.

2. So much of section nine of the Act of 1887 as

prevents the Minister from making an order under that section on any ground except that the sale of cattle at a

market or fair is, or is likely to be, so small as to render

it inexpedient to enforce the provision and maintenance

of a place for weighing cattle and of a weighing machine under that Act, shall cease to have effect, and the power of the Minister under the said section to exempt any market or fair from the requirements of that Act

as to the provision and maintenance of facilities for weighing cattle, and the power of the Minister under section four of the Act of 1891 to exempt an auctioneer

1926.

Markets and Fairs

(Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1926.

Ch. 21.

95

from the requirements of that section in respect of the sale of cattle at a mart, may be exercised respectively with respect to any market or fair and with respect to

any auctioneer where the circumstances are in the opinion of the Minister such as to rendet the enforcement

of those requirements inexpedient.

3. The Act of 1887 shall have effect as if for the

Schedule to that Act (which prescribes tolls which may

be demanded in respect of the weighing of cattle) there were substituted the Schedule to this Act.

4. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say:—

" The Minister " means, as respects England and

Wales, the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries,

and as respects Scotland, the Board of Agriculture for Scotland.

"The Act of 1887" means the Markets and Fairs

(Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1887.

"The Act of 1891" means the Markets and Fairs

(Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1891.

" The Principal Acts" means the Markets and Fairs

(Weighing of Cattle) Acts, 1887 and 1891.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Markets and

Fairs (Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1926, and shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven; and this Act and the principal

Acts may be cited together as the Markets and Fairs

(Weighing of Cattle) Acts, 1887 to 1926.

(3) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE.

For every head of cattle other than sheep or Not exceeding six swine. pence.

For every five or less number of sheep or Threepence swine.

Tolls for weighing cattle.

Interpretation, short title, commencement,

citation and extent.

96

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Duty on tea.

15 & 16 Geo.

6. c. 3G.

9 & 10 Geo.

6. c. 32.

Continuation

of increased medicine duties.

5 & 6 Geo. 5.

e. 89.

Exemption

of trade motor cars

CHAPTER 22.

An Act to grant certain duties of Customs and

Inland Revenue (including Excise), to alter other duties, and to amend the law relating to

Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise)

and the National Debt, and to make further provision in connection with finance.

[4th August 1926.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray Your Majesty’s

public expenses, and making an addition .to the public revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several duties hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech

Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, arid

by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Customs and Excise.

1. The duty of customs payable on tea until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-bix,

under section one of the Finance Act, 1925, shall,

subject to the provisions of section eight of the Finance

Act, 1919 (which relates to imperial preference rates),

continue to be charged, levied and paid until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, that

is to say—

Tea - the lb., fourpence.

2. The additional duties of excise imposed by

section eleven of the Finance (No. 2) Act, .1915, upon medicines liable to duty shall continue to be charged,

levied and paid until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

3. The exemption from customs duty which is

given by subsection (4) of section thirteen of the Finance

. 1926. '

Finance Act, 1926.

Cn. 22.

97

(No. 2) Act, 1915, as applied by section three of the f ro m

.Finance Act, 1925; in respect of motor cars which are customs

. proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to be duty to

constructed and adapted for use and intended to be used cease ‘

solely for certain trade or' other purposes, and chassis,

component parts and accessories which are so proved to be

intended to be used solely for any such motor cars, shall be

deemed to have ceased as from the first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, except as respects any such cars, chassis, parts or accessories which are shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been imported and enterdfljbefore the said first day of May:

Provided that, notwithstanding any repeal effected

by this Act, the last paragraph of the said subsection (4)

shall continue to have effect in relation to any motor •

car, chassis, component part or accessory which is shown

to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been imported and entered before the said first day of May.

4. As from the commencement of this Act, no duty Repeal of of excise shall be chargeable on chicory. excise duty

on chicory.

5. — (1) In the case of silk tissue of which the warp Amendment

or weft consists of yarn wholly or partly discharged and as to t

the weft or warp of undischarged yarn, the duty payable certain silk

in respect of the tissue shall, instead of being charged at duties ar jf

3 the rate of seven shillings and ninepence the pound as draw ac s *

provided by Part I. of the Second Schedule to the

• Finance Act, 1925, be charged at the rate of five shillings .

and threepence the pound in respect of the undischarged yam and at the rate of seven shillings and ninepence the pound in respect of the yarn wholly or partly discharged which is contained therein.

(2) Where, on or after the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, any article of apparel

■ made wholly or partly of silk is imported by any person for his own use and not for sale, the article, instead of being charged with duty in accordance with the provisions of Part I. of the Second Schedule to the Finance

Act, 1925, may, at the option of the importer, be charged with a duty calculated on the whole weight of the article

at a rate equal to twice the rate of the duty chargeable under the said Part I. in respect of the class of silk contained in the article.

For the purposes of this subsection—

(i) The expression "silk " includes artificial silk;

G

98

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(ii) Where silk of several classes is contained in

the article, the article shall be chargeable with duty as if all the silk so contained were silk of that one of those classes in respect of which the highest rate of duty is payable under the said Part I.;

(iii) In determining the class to which any silk belongs, regard shall be had to the stage of manufacture in which the silk appears in

the article.

(3) The drawback payable in respect of any silk or

artificial silk j^arn or tissue manufactured in Great

Britain or Northern Ireland, which consists of more than one kind of yam or tissue, shall be calculated by

reference to the weight of each kind of yam or tissue

in the article in respect of which the drawback is

claimed at the rate appropriate to that kind of yam or

tissue under the Finance Act, 1925.

(4) Paragraph 10 of Part III. of the said Second

Schedule (which makes provision for an alternative scale of drawbacks in respect of artificial silk), shall be

extended so as to apply to tissues of silk in respect of which under Part II. of the said Second Schedule drawback is allowed at the rates of four shillings and threepence the pound and five shillings and sixpence the pound respectively, and Part IV. of the said Second

Schedule shall be amended by the insertion after the words "Part IV." of the following—

" Alternative Scale of Drawbacks m respect

OF CERTAIN- SlLK TISSUES.

. If made from yam produced in

Great Britain

If made from or Northern imported Ireland from yam on which materials on

a duty of which a duty of customs was customs was paid. paid.

" Silk tissues in respect of s. d. s. d.

which drawback under

Part II.of this Schedule

is allowed at the rate of 4s. 3d. the pound the lb. 5 3 4 0

" Silk tissues in respect of which drawback under

Part II. of this Schedule

is allowed at the rate of 5s. 6 d. the pound the lb. 7 9

4 3, ’ *

Finance Act, 1926.

99

1926.

Ch. 22.

and by the insertion at the end thereof of the following:—

" Made from imported doubled or twisted s. d.

thread on which customs duty of 3s.

a lb. has been paid - w the lb. 3 5."

(5) Where by virtue of the last preceding subsection drawback in respect of tissue (being tissue manufactured

in Great Britain or Northern Ireland) which is loaded is

payable under the alternative scale contained in Part IV.

of the said Second Schedule, as amended by this Act, the amount of^he drawback shall, notwithstanding anything

in paragraph 1 of Part III. of the said Second Schedule,

be reduced by thirty per cent., unless the Commissioners are satisfied that the tissue was manufactured from imported yam which was loaded at the time of importation.

(6) Part II. of the Second Schedule to the Finance

Act, 1925 (which relates to drawbacks on silk and artificial silk), shall have effect as though after the words "In any other case . the lb., 5s. 6 d." there were inserted the following:—

" Waste, dressed or otherwise prepared for spinning—

Wholly discharged - - the lb. . 3s.

Not wholly discharged - the lb. . Is.

Noils ... - the lb. . Is.",

and as though after the words "Artificial silk .

the lb., Is. 9d., " there were inserted the following :—

" Waste, prepared for spinning,

including tops - . - - the lb. . 6d."

6.—(1) Where a resolution providing for the imposition as from a specified date of a customs duty or an

excise duty 4n respect of any goods (not being a resolution to which statutory effect can be given under section one of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act,

1913), is passed by the Committee of Ways and Means of the House of Commons (being a Committee of the whole

House) the following provisions shall have effect.

(2) If the duty so imposed is a customs duty, the

Commissioners may require any person who, on or after the specified date, imports any goods to which the resolution applies to give security that he will, if and when an Act giving effect to the resolution comes into

Provisions for securing customs and excise duties imposed by

ways and means

resolutions not having statutory effect.

3 & 4 Geo.

5. e. 3.

100

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 <fe 17 Geo. 5.

Stabilisation of rates

of imperial preference.

operation, pay the duty chargeable in respect of the goods under that Act.

(3) If the duty is an excise duty, the Commissioners may make regulations for the purpose of securing the payment of such duty as may by law become chargeable in the event of an Act giving effect to the resolution coming into operation, and may by those regulations apply to the duty and to any trade or

business in connection with which the duty may become chargeable and to any premises used for the purpose of that trade or business any enactments relating to excise.

If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any regulations so made, he shall be liable to an excise penalty of fifty pounds and the goods in respect of which the offence is committed shall be forfeited.

7. — (1) Where immediately before the first day

of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, the duty

of customs chargeable in respect of any article was

by virtue of section eight of the Finance Act, 1919,

as amended by any other enactment, chargeable at a

preferential rate in the case of any such article being an

Empire product, that article shall, during a period of ten years beginning on the said day, be charged, if

an Empire product, with a customs duty at a preferential rate representing the full rate of the customs duty for the time being in force reduced by an amount equal to

the difference between the full rate of the duty in force

on the said day and the preferential rate in force on the said day, or, where the customs duty is chargeable at a

rate representing a proportion of the value of the article,

reduced by an amount representing the proportion of the value of the article by which the amount of the preferential rate in force on the said day was less than the amount of the full rate in force on the said day:

Provided that, if at any time during the period aforesaid the full rate of the customs duty chargeable

in respect of any article is decreased so as to be equal

to or less than the amount of the reduction to be allowed

as aforesaid, that article, if an Empire product, shall

be free of duty.

(2) If the duty of customs on molasses, coffee,

chicory or tobacco being an Empire product is at any time by virtue of this section payable at a rate lower

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

101

than the rate which would have been payable in respect

of the article if this section had not passed, any drawback or allowance payable in respect thereof shall be

reduced to an amount bearing to the full customs drawback or allowance the same proportion as the reduced rate of duty bears to the full customs rate of duty for the time being in force, except that mixtures

of coffee and chicory shall for the purposes of this subsection be treated as if they consisted of chicory alone.

(3) In this section the expression "Empire product "

means such an Empire product as is entitled to a

preferential rate under section eight of the Finance

Act, 1919.

8. As from the first day of May, nineteen hundred Remission and twenty-six, customs duties shall not be charged of customs

in respect of any goods (other than spirits or wines) in

which are proved to the satisfaction of the Commis- ant i que sioners to have been manufactured or produced more articles,

than one hundred years before the date of importation.

9. The maximum period for which the Commis- Time for sioners may, in pursuance of their powers under section payment of sixteen of the Inland Revenue Act, 1880, defer the 43 & 44 Vj' ct

payment of beer duty shall be a period of one month, c 20 .

instead of a period of two months, from the fifteenth day of the month succeeding the month in which the duty was charged.

10. —(1) Part I. of the Safeguarding of Industries Continua-

Act, 1921, which is limited to expire on the nineteenth tion and day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, shall, amendment

as amended by this section, continue in force for a further s fe

period of ten years from the said day. guarding of (2) As from the first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, the duties charged by the said Part I. on n & 12

optical glass and the other goods specified in the first Geo. 5. c. 47.

paragraph of the Schedule to the said Act shall be duties equal to one-half instead of duties equal to one-third of the value of the goods, and the duty thereby charged on

arc-lamp carbons shall be a duty at the rate of one shilling per pound weight instead of a duty equal to

one-third of, the value of the goods.

02

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(3) As from the first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-six. Part I. of the said Act shall have effect

as though the following goods were included in the

Schedule to the said Act, that is to say—

(i) component parts of such optical instruments as

are chargeable with duty under section one of the said Act;

(ii) component parts of such scientific instruments

as are chargeable with duty under section one

of the said Act;

(iii) amorphous carbon electrodes, but not including primary battery carbons or arc-lamp carbons;

(iv) molybdenum, ferro - molybdenum and molybdenum compounds, and vanadium, ferro-vanadium and vanadium compounds (but not including ores or minerals of molybdenum or

vanadium),

except that in the case of component parts of optical instruments the duty to be charged shall be a duty equal

to one-half instead of one-third of the value of the goods.

(4) For the purpose of the decision of complaints under subsection (5) of section one of the said Act there shall be constituted a panel of persons of special scientific attainments to be appointed by the President of the

Board of Trade, and a complaint under the said subsection, instead of being referred to the arbitration of the referee appointed under the said subsection, shall be

referred to the arbitration of a tribunal consisting of the said referee and of two persons selected by the Lord

Chancellor for the purpose of the hearing of that complaint from the panel to be constituted as aforesaid,

and the decision of the said tribunal, or of the majority

of the members thereof, shall have effect as if it were

a decision of the referee under the said subsection.

(5) The Treasury may by order exempt from the duty imposed by section one of the Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921, as amended by this Act, for such period as may be specified in the order, any article in

respect of which the Board of Trade are satisfied on a

representation made by a consumer of that article that

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

103

the article is not made in any part of His Majesty’s *

Dominions in quantities which are substantial having regard to the consumption of that article for the time being in the United Kingdom, and that there is no

reasonable probability that the article will within a

reasonable period be made in His Majesty’s Dominions

in such substantial quantities.

11.—(1) During a period of five years beginning Customs

on the first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, duty on

a duty of customs equal to sixteen and two-thirds per capping cent, of tho value of the goods shall be charged, levied 1>aper-

and paid on the importation into Great Britain or

Northern Ireland of the following goods, that is to say—

Paper, whether in sheets or rolls or otherwise, of any description known as packing or wrapping paper, including tissue paper, of a weight when fully extended equivalent to more than ten pounds but not more than ninety pounds to the ream of four hundred and eighty sheets of double crown measuring thirty inches by twenty inches, and articles made either entirely from such paper or

from such paper with the addition only of some adhesive substance or other material the value of which does not exceed one-sixth of the total value

of the whole article.

(2) For the purpose of this section packing or

wrapping paper and tissue paper include any such paper which has been coated .or otherwise treated in any manner, but this section shall not extend to vegetable parchment, glazed transparent paper, grease-proof paper, paper which forms part of another article, or

paper, or any article made of paper, which at the time

of importation is in use as wrapping or packing or as a

container of other goods.

(3) The provisions of the Safeguarding of Industries 15 & 16

(Customs Duties) Act, 1925, shall apply to the goods Geo. 5. o. 79.

chargeable with duty under this section and to the duty imposed by this section as they apply to the articles chargeable with duty under that Act and the duties imposed by that Act.

104

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Power to

exempt articles of small value from certain customs duties.

Alteration

of duties on

licences for mechanically propelled vehicles.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 18.

Provisions

as to

recovery of,

and claims for repayments in

connection with, duties

on mechanically-propelled vehicles.

12. —(1) Where it appears to the Treasury, after consultation with the Board of Trade, as respects—

(a) any articles liable to duty under the Safeguarding

of Industries Act, 1921, as amended by this Act; or

(b) any articles, or articles of any class, liable to

duty under section six of the Finance Act,

1925, as consisting of or containing lace or

embroidery,

to be inexpedient, having regard to the nature or small value of the articles, or in the case of articles ^Containing lace or embroidery, having regard to the small value

of that lace or embroidery, that duty should be charged thereon, the Treasury may by order exempt those articles or articles of that class, from duty under the said enactments.

(2) Any order made by the Treasury after the commencement of this Act under this section or under any other enactment for exempting any articles from duties of customs may be varied or amended by

another order made under this section or under that other enactment, as the case may be.

13. As from the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, section thirteen of the

Finance Act, 1920, which imposes duties of excise on

mechanically-propelled vehicles, shall, as amended by

any subsequent enactment, have effect as if the rates of duties set out in the First Schedule to this Act were substituted for the rates set out i» paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of the Second Schedule to the said Act.

14. —(1) Where the amount of the excise duty which has been paid in respect of a licence for a

mechanically-propelled vehicle is less than the amount payable on the licence appropriate to that vehicle, the amount of the deficiency shall be a debt due to the council of the county or county borough with which the vehicle is for the time being registered, and that council may take proceedings for the recovery of that amount

at any time before the expiration of the year next following the year in respect of which, or of part of which, the licence was taken out.

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

105

(2) No proceedings shall be brought for enforcing any repayment of duty to which a person may be

entitled under paragraph 6 of the Second Schedule to

the Finance Act, 1920, or any other repayment to which

a person may be entitled in respect of any over-payment

of duty made on a licence taken out by him in respect

of a mechanically-propelled vehicle, unless the proceedings are brought before the expiration of the year next following the year in respect of which, or of part of which, the licence was taken out.

Part II.

Betting Duty.

15.—(1) There shall, on and after the first day of November, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, be charged,

levied and paid the following duties of excise, that is

to say:—

(a) On every bet made with a bookmaker a duty

(in this Part of this Act referred to as " betting duty") at a rate equal to three-and-a-half per centum of the amount paid or offered, or promised

to be paid to, or to the order or for the use of,

the bookmaker, or in the case of a bet in respect

of a horse race made on any ground used for the purpose of a racecourse for racing with horses, or on any ground adjacent thereto, on a

day on which horse racing takes place thereon,

and made with a bookmaker attending at that ground by a person so attending, equal to two per centum of that amount:

(b) On a certificate (in this Part of this Act referred

to as " a bookmaker’s certificate ") to be taken out annually by a person carrying on the business of a bookmaker, a duty of ten pounds:

(c) On a certificate (in this Part of this Act referred

to as "an entry certificate") to be taken out annually by a bookmaker in respect of the entry for any betting premises kept or used

by him, a duty of ten pounds.

(2) Nothing in this Part of this Act shall operate

so as to render lawful any betting in any manner or

place in which it is at the commencement of this Part

Duties on

betting and

on certificates required in

respect of bookmakers ’

business and premises.

106

Ch. , 22.

Finance Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Supplemental provisions as to

betting duty.

of this Act unlawful, or so as to authorise the writing,

printing, publication or sending of any notice, circular

or advertisement which is at that time unlawful.

(3) Betting r duty shall be payable by the bookmaker with whom the bet is made, and every bookmaker

(other than a bookmaker who has made an arrangement approved by the Commissioners for furnishing returns

of all bets made with him and has given security up

to an amount and in a manner approved by the Commissioners for the payment of the betting duty thereon)

with whom a bet is made shall immediately on the making of the bet issue to the person by^whom the bet is made a ticket (not before used) in the prescribed form denoting that the proper betting duty has been paid (in this Part of this Act referred to as " a revenue ticket").

(4) Any betting duty not paid by means of a revenue ticket shall be recoverable from the bookmaker with whom the bet was made as a debt due to the Crown, and,

if the amount of the duty is less than fifty pounds, may,

without prejudice to any other means of recovery, he

recovered by the Commissioners summarily as a civil debt.

(5) Bookmakers’ certificates and entry certificates—

(a) shall he in the prescribed form;

(b) shall be granted only on payment of the duty chargeable thereon;

(c) shall expire on the thirty-first day of October

in every year.

(6) References in this Part of this Act to a " certificate " shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be

construed as references to both a bookmaker’s certificate and an entry certificate.

16.—(1) The Commissioners may make regulations for securing the payment of betting duty and of the duties payable in respect of certificates and generally for carrying the provisions of this Part of this Act into effect, and in particular—

(a) for regulating the supply and use, and prescribing the form, of revenue tickets, and for securing the defacement of revenue tickets when used;

(b) for prescribing the form of certificates and the form in which entry is to be made of betting premises;

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

107

(c) for requiring the production by bookmakers of their certificates and of any books, accounts,

vouchers, revenue tickets or other documents relating to the business carried on by them as

such, and for authorising any officer to examine and take copies of or extracts from any such documents;

(d) for granting to a bookmaker a rebate of betting duty in cases where the whole or any part of the liability in respect of a bet accepted by

him is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners to have been transferred by him to

another bookmaker by means of a fresh bet made by him with that other bookmaker.

(2) Any officer authorised by the Commissioners for the purpose may enter any place where for the time being betting with bookmakers is being carried on, and also any betting premises, with a view to seeing whether the provisions of this Act and of any regulations made thereunder as to betting duty are being complied with.

If any person prevents or obstructs the entry of any officer so authorised, he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) The provisions, including the penal provisions,

of the Stamp Duties Management Act, 1891, as amended

by any subsequent enactment, and section sixty-five

of the Post Office Act, 1908, shall apply to revenue tickets

as if those tickets were stamps and as if for references therein to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue there were substituted references to the Commissioners.

(4) The Commissioners may, if they think fit, by

agreement in writing with any police authority arrange for the exercise by that authority, either concurrently with the Commissioners or to the exclusion of the Commissioners, of any powers of the Commissioners in

relation to the duties chargeable under this Part of this Act, and, so far as may be required for the purpose of giving effect to any such arrangement, the provisions

of this Part of this Act and any regulations made thereunder shall have effect as if the police authority and any officer authorised by that authority were mentioned therein in addition to, or were substituted for, the

Commissioners and an officer of customs and excise.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 38.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 48.

108

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Any such arrangement with a police authority may provide for the payment out of moneys provided by

Parliament of any expenses incurred by the authority in

carrying out the arrangement.

Penalties,

disqualifies tion, &c.

17.—(1) If any person—

(a) contravenes or fails to comply with any of the provisions of this Part of this Act or of any regulations made thereunder; or

(b) carries on business as a bookmaker without having in force a proper certificate; or

(c) keeps or uses any betting premises in respect

of which there is not a proper entry certificate

in force, or assists or is concerned in the management of any such premises;

he shall (without prejudice to his liability to any other penalty or his liability to pay any sum in respect of duty under this Part of this Act) be liable, in respect of each offence, to an excise penalty of one hundred pounds.

(2) Any person—

(a) who is found committing the offence of accepting a bet without issuing a revenue ticket;

or

(b) who, on being duly required in accordance with the provisions of any regulations made under this Part of this Act to produce a

bookmaker’s certificate, fails so.to do;

may without any warrant be # arrested by any officer.

(3) Any court before which a bookmaker is convicted of any offence under this Part of this Act or

otherwise in connection with his business as a bookmaker, may order him to be disqualified for holding a

bookmaker’s certificate for such period as the court may think fit, and any such certificate held by him shall, so long as the disqualification continues, be of no effect, and if any person applies for or obtains such

a certificate while he is so disqualified he shall be liable

to an excise penalty of one hundred pounds, and any certificate so obtained shall be of no effect:

Provided that a person who by virtue of an order made under this section is disqualified for obtaining a

bookmaker’s certificate may, at any time after the

1920.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

109

expiration of three months from the date of the order,

make from time to time an application to the court

by which the order was made to remove the disqualification, and on any such application the court may

by order, as it thinks proper having regard to the character of the person and to his conduct subsequent

to conviction, the nature of the offence and the other circumstances of the case, either remove the disqualification as from such date as may be specified in the order, or refuse the application, and may in any event make such order as to costs as it thinks proper.

A court making any order under this subsection shall cause particulars of the order to be endorsed on

any certificate affected by the order and shall send notice of the order to the Commissioners.

18.—(1) In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

The expression "bet" means a bet on an event

of any kind;

The expression "bookmaker" means any person who, whether on his own account or as servant

or agent to any other person, carries on, whether occasionally or regularly, the business of receiving or negotiating bets, or who in any manner holds himself out or permits himself to be

held out in any manner as a person who receives

or negotiates bets;

The expression "betting premises" means any premises which are kept or used for the purpose

of making, receiving or negotiating in any manner whatsoever bets on credit, or which are in any manner held out as being kept or

used for any such purpose;

The expression "officer" means an officer of customs and excise, and includes any person expressly authorised by the Commissioners to

perform the duties of an officer of customs and excise for the purposes of this Part of this Act;

The expression "police authority" means a police authority within the meaning of the Police

Pensions Act, 1921.

Interpretation and extent of Part II.

II & 12

Geo. 5. c. 31.

110

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Income tax and supertax for

1926-27.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 87.

32 & 33

Vict. c. 67.

Provision as

to making of claims, &c.,

under proviso to

s. 24 (1) of Finance Act,

1920.

Part III.

Income Tax.

Charge of Tax and Miscellaneous.

19. —(1) Income tax for the year 1926-27 shall be

charged at the rate of four shillings, and the rates of super-tax for that year shall, for the purposes of section four of the Income Tax Act, 1918, as amended

by the Finance Act, 1920, be the same as t^ose for the year 1925-26.

(2) All such enactments relating to income tax and super-tax respectively as were in force with respect to

the duties of income tax and super-tax granted for the year 1925-26 shall, subject to the provisions of the Tithe

Act, 1925, have full force and effect with respect to the duties of income tax and super-tax respectively granted

by this Act.

(3) The annual value of any property which has been adopted for the purpose of income tax under

Schedules A and B for the year 1925-26 shall be taken

as the annual value of that property for the same purpose for the year 1926-27:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to

lands, tenements and hereditaments in the administrative county of London with respect to which the valuation list under the Valuation (Metropolis) Act,

1869, is by that Act made conclusive for the purposes

of income tax.

20. The provisions of section nineteen of the Finance

Act, 1925, prescribing the procedure with respect to the making of certain claims and with respect to applications

to have such claims determined by the Special Commissioners, shall apply to claims which an individual is

entitled to make by virtue of the proviso to subsection (1)

of section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1920 (which proviso exempts from the provisions of the Said section twenty-four individuals who satisfy the Commissioners of Inland Revenue with respect to certain matters), in the same manner as they apply to the claims mentioned in

the said section nineteen, but with the substitution in

subsection (2) thereof of three months for twenty-one days.

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

Ill

21. Section eighteen of the Finance Act, 1925 (which Provisions provides for a half-yearly instead of a quarterly assess- 8 - 18 of ment of weekly wage earners), shall have effect in relation ^1925

to the year 1926-27 and every subsequent year of assess- to be per- *

ment as it had effect in relation to the year 1925-26, and manent.

the words "for the year 1925-26 " in the said section are hereby repealed.

22. —(1) Where it is provided by the Income Tax income tax

Acts that income tax in respect of profits or gains or computed income from any source or in respect of the property in 011 profits of lands, tenements, hereditaments or heritages is to be com-

puted by reference to the amount of the profits or gains charged 6

or income of some period preceding the year of assessment, though no

then, notwithstanding that no profits or gains or income profits in

arise from that source or that property for or within y ear of the year of assessment, income tax as so computed shall assessment,

be charged for that year, and section one of the Income 8 & 9 q po k

Tax Act, 1918, shall be construed and have effect c. 4(t.

accordingly, except that paragraph (1) of Rule 3 of the

Miscellaneous Rules applicable to Schedule D shall not apply in any case where the person charged to tax has not within the year of assessment ceased to possess the source of the profits or gains or income or the property.

(2) The foregoing provision^ of this section shall be

deemed always to have had effect in relation to income tax chargeable in respect of the annual value of lands,

tenements, hereditaments or heritages falling within

No. II or No. Ill of Schedule A, in relation to profits falling within Rule 8 of the Rules applicable to Schedule

B and in relation to profits or gains falling within

Cases I, II or VI of Schedule D.

23. —(1) The Agreement made the fourteenth day Relief from

of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, between double the British Government and the Government of the Irish taxation in

Free State in respect of double income tax (which Agree- of ment is set out in Part I. of the Second Schedule to tax this Act) is hereby confirmed, and shall have effect, an , i i r j s h

with respect to exemption or relief to be granted from Free State

British income tax and super-tax, for the year 1926-27 income tax.

and any subsequent year, provided that, with respect to

exemption or relief to be granted from Irish Free State income tax and super-tax, it has effect for that year by

virtue of an Act of the Legislature of the Irish Free

State.

112

Ch. 22.

Fi?mnce Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Income tax on

dividends payable out of public revenue of Northern

Ireland.

Provisions

in connection with appeals.

(2) For the purpose of giving effect to the said agreement, the Income Tax Acts in relation to persons resident in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, whether

or not also resident in the Irish Free State, and to

persons intrusted with payment to persons so resident,

and in relation to claims by persons resident in the

Irish Free State, shall for any year for which the said agreement is in force have effect subject to the modifications set forth in Part II. of the said Second Schedule.

24. —(1) In Rule 1 of the Rules applicable to

Schedule C which relate to interest, &c, with the payment of which persons other than tTie Bank of England, the Bank of Ireland and the National Debt

Commissioners are intrusted, after the words "dividends which are payable " there shall be inserted the words

" out of the public revenue of Northern Ireland or

which are payable, " and after the words "other than that of the United Kingdom " there shall be inserted the words "or of Northern Ireland."

(2) At the end of Rule 5 of the said Rules, the following proviso shall be inserted:

" Provided that this Rule shall not apply to any person intrusted with the payment of dividends payable out of the public revenue of Northern Ireland."

25. —(1) In the case of an appeal against an assessment made under Schedule D or according to the rules applicable to that Schedule, the appellant shall in the notice of appeal specify the grounds of the appeal:

Provided that, if on the hearing of the appeal the appellant desires to go into any ground of appeal which was not specified in the notice and the omission of that ground from the notice was, in the opinion of the Commissioners hearing the appeal, not wilful or unreasonable,

those Commissioners shall not, by reason of anything

in this subsection, be precluded from allowing the appellant to go into that ground or taking it into their consideration.

(2) Notwithstanding that the hearing of an appeal against any such assessment either—

(a) has been postponed under subsection (3) of section one hundred and thirty-six of the

• Income Tax Act, 1918; or

(b) has been adjourned,

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

113

beyond the time limited for hearing appeals, the General

Commissioners shall nevertheless proceed to allow and confirm the assessment as required by subsection (3) of section one hundred and twenty-two of the said Act:

Provided that—

(i) pending the determination of the appeal, the allowance and confirmation of the assessment shall be deemed to be in respect of such amount only of the tax thereby assessed

as appears to the General Commissioners

ot to be ia dispute, and tax shall be

collected and paid in that amount in all respects as if it were tax charged by an

assessment in respect of which no appeal was pending; and

(ii) on the determination of the appeal any balance

of tax chargeable in accordance with the determination shall be payable or any tax overpaid shall be repaid, as the case may require.

26. Rule 1 of No. VIII. of Schedule A shall have Amendment effect as though after the words "person receiving the as to

" rent shall " there were inserted the words "on pro- <l ‘" < ? uction

" duction of the receipt for the payment of the tax, "

and Rule 2 thereof shall have effect as though for the ren t.

words " who pays the tax " there were substituted the words "to whom a deduction is to be allowed under

" the preceding rule."

27. In the case of an assessment to income tax Amendment made at any time after the fifth day of April, nineteen of s. 24 of hundred and twenty-three, an application under section twenty-four of the Finance Act, 1923 (which relates to 1;

relief in respect of error or mistake), may be made at 5 . c . 14 ,

any time not later than six years after the end of the year of assessment within which the assessment was made.

Part IV.

Income Tax.

Basis of Assessment.

28. Income tax in respect of the property in the Transfer of lands, tenements, hereditaments or heritages mentioned certain

in the first column of the Table contained in the P ro P ert y

II

114

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

from

Sell. A to

Sch. D.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 32.

Method of computing profits under

Schedule D.

Third Schedule to this Act shall cease to be chargeable under Schedule A, and shah become chargeable under the Case of Schedule D mentioned in the second column

of the said Table, and the Rules applicable to each such

Case, including the provisions of this Act amending those

Rules, shall apply accordingly, but subject to the provisions contained in the third column of the said Table:

Provided that sections thirty-seven, thirty-eight and thirty-nine of the Income Tax Act, 1918, and section thirty of the Finance Act, 1921 (which provide for giving relief from income tax to certaiy charities,

friendly societies and other bodies) shall be construed as

if any income tax chargeable by virtue of this section under Schedule D instead of under Schedule A had remained chargeable under Schedule A.

29.—(1) Such enactments in the Income Tax Acts as

provide that income tax under Schedule D shall in certain cases be computed on the full amount of the balance of the profits or gains, or on the full amount of the income, upon an average of three years, and so much

of Rules 1 and 2 of the Rules applicable to Case IV

of Schedule D as provides that income tax under that

Case shall be computed on the full amount of the income which arises, or which has been or will be received,

in the year of assessment, shall cease to have effect, and any income tax in respect of profits or gains or income chargeable under Case I, Case II, Case IV, or Case V of Schedule D which would but for the foregoing provisions

of this section have been computed as aforesaid shall be

computed, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act and subject as hereinafter provided, on the full amount of the profits or gains or income of the year preceding the year of assessment:

Provided that—

(a) Any person charged with income tax in

respect of the profits or gains of any trade,

profession or vocation which has been set up

or commenced within the year preceding the year of assessment shall be entitled, on giving notice in writing to the surveyor within twelve months after the end of the year of assessment, to be charged to income tax on

the amount of the profits or gains of the year

of assessment; and

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

115

(b) In the case of income tax chargeable under

Case IV or Case V of Schedule D—

(i) income tax shall be computed, as

respects the year of assessment in which the income first arises, on fhe full amount

of the income arising within that year:

(ii) where the income first arose on some day in the year preceding the year of assessment other than the sixth day of April, income tax shall be computed on the income of the year of assessment:

(iii) where the income first arose on the sixth day of April in the year preceding the year of assessment, or on some day in the year next before the year preceding the year of assessment other than the sixth day of April, the person charged shall be

entitled, on giving notice in writing to the surveyor within twelve months after the end of the year of assessment, to be charged

on the amount of the income of that year,

and if the tax charged has been paid, any tax overpaid shall be repaid:

(iv) references in this proviso to income which arises or which arose shall, in cases where income tax is to be computed by

reference to the amount of income received

in Great Britain or Northern Ireland, be

construed as references to income which

is or was so received.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply for the purposes of the computation of profits or

gains chargeable under Case VI of Schedule D or according to the Rules applicable to that Case, but Rule 2 of those Rules shall be amended so as to provide that the computation of profits or gains so chargeable shall in no

case be made according to an average of a period greater than one year.

(3) If any person who for the year 1926-27 was assessed and charged under Schedule D or according to

the Rules applicable to that Schedule in respect of profits

or gains or income arising from any source upon an

average of a period of three years or more proves that the profits or gains or income of either of the first two

116

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to charge

of tax under certain Cases of Schedule D.

of the three years upon the average of which he would,

but for the provisions of this section, have been charged for the year 1927-28 were less than the profits or gains

or income for one year upon an average of the six years preceding those three years, or, if he was not in

possession of the source of the profits or gains or income during the six years aforesaid, upon an average of the less period preceding the said three years during which

he was so in possession, he shall, on giving notice in

writing to the surveyor not later than the fifth day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, that he

desires so to be charged, be charged to tafx for both the years 1927-28 and 1928-29 in respect of the profits

or gains or income arising from that source on the amount

on which he would have been charged if this section had not passed:

Provided that for the purpose of the foregoing provision a person shall be treated as having been in

possession of the source of any profits or gains or income during any year if during that year he was in possession

of the source on his own account or the source was in

the possession of a partnership of which he was a partner.

This subsection shall apply to persons in partnership

as it applies to a person, and persons in partnership shall be deemed to have been in possession of the source

of any profits or gains or income during any year if any

of them was during that year in possession of the source

on his own account or the source was in the possession

of a partnership of which he was a partner.

30. All profits or income in respect of which any person is chargeable either under Rule 1 of the Rules applicable to Case III of Schedule D, or under Case IV

of Schedule D or under Case V of Schedule D may respectively be assessed and charged in one sum:

Provided that—

(i) If in any year of assessment any person charged

or chargeable in respect of any such profits

or income as aforesaid ceases to possess any particular source of any such profits or

income or any part of any such source,

income tax in respect of the profits or income from that source or that part shall be computed separately, and the provisions of the section in this Part of this Act which relates

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

117

4

to the discontinuance of a trade, profession

or vocation, shall, subject to the necessary modifications, apply in any such case as if

the cesser of the possession of the source or

part were the discontinuance of a trade:

(ii) If in any year of assessment any person acquires

a new source of any such profits or income

or an addition to any source of any such profits or income, income tax in respect of the profits or income from that source or from the addition to that source shall be computed

Separately, and in the case of profits or income chargeable under Rule 1 of the Rules applicable to Case III the provisions of paragraph

(1) of Rule 2 of those Rules shall apply, and

in the case of profits or income chargeable under Case IV or Case V of Schedule D the provisions of proviso (b) to subsection (1) of the last preceding section of this Act shall apply:

(iii) Where any income in respect of which any person has previously been charged or chargeable under Case IV or Case V of Schedule I)

becomes at any time chargeable to tax by

deduction under the provisions of Rule 7 of the

Miscellaneous Rules applicable to Schedule I),

the provisions of paragraph (i) of this proviso shall apply as if that person had at the time aforesaid ceased to possess the security or

possession from which the income arises:

(iv) Where income arising to any person from any security or possession in any place out of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ceases

at any time to be chargeable to income tax

* by deduction under the provisions of Rule 7

of the Miscellaneous Rules applicable to

Schedule D, the provisions of paragraph (ii)

of this proviso shall apply as if that security

or possession were a new source of income acquired by that person at that time.

31.—(1) Where in any year of assessment a trade,

profession or vocation is permanently discontinued, then,

notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act—

(a) the person charged or chargeable with tax in

respect thereof shall be charged for that year

Provisions

as to discontinuance

of trades,

&c.

118

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

on the amount of the profits or gains of the period beginning on the sixth day of April in

that year and' ending on the date of the discontinuance, subject to any deduction or set-off

to which he may be entitled under the section

of this Part of this Act which provides for relief

in respect of certain losses or under Rule 13

of the Rules applicable to Cases I -and II of Schedule D, and, if he has been charged otherwise than in accordance with this provision,

any tax overpaid shall be repaid, or an additional assessment may be made upon him, as

the case may require;

(b) if the profits or gains of the year ending on

the fifth day of April in the year preceding the year of assessment in which the discontinuance occurs exceed the amount on

which the person has been charged for that preceding year, or would have been charged

if no such deduction or set-off as aforesaid had been allowed, an additional assessment may be made upon him, so that he shall

be charged for that preceding year on the amount of the profits or gains of the said year ending on the fifth day of April, subject to any such deduction or set-off as aforesaid to which

he may be entitled.

(2) In the case of the death of a person who, if he

had not died, would, under the provisions of this section,

have become chargeable to income tax for any year,

the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be

assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators, and shall be a debt due from and payable out

of his estate. •

Amendment

of Rule 11

of Rules applicable

to Cases I

and II of Schedule D.

32.—(1) For Rule 11 of the Rules applicable to Cases

I and II of Schedule D there shall be substituted the following:—

" 11—(1) If at any time after the fifth day

of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight,

a change occurs in a partnership of persons engaged in any trade, profession or vocation, by

reason of retirement or death, or the dissolution of the partnership as to one or more of the partners, or the admission of a new partner,

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

119

in such circumstances that one or more of the persons who until that time were engaged

in the trade, profession or vocation continue to

be engaged therein, or a person who until that time was engaged in any trade, profession or

vocation on his own account continues to be

engaged in it, but as a partner in a partnership,

the; tax payable by the person or persons who carry on the trade, profession or vocation after that time shall, notwithstanding the change, be

computed according to the profits or gains of the tra^e, profession or vocation during the period prescribed by the Income Tax Acts:

Provided that, where all the persons who were engaged in the trade, profession or vocation both immediately before and immediately after the change require, by notice signed by all of them

or, in the case of a deceased person, by his legal representatives, and sent to the surveyor within three months after the change took place,

that the tax payable for all years of assessment shall be computed as if the trade, profession or

vocation had been discontinued at the date of the change, and a new trade, profession or vocation had been then set up or commenced, and that the tax so computed for any year shall be

charged on and paid by such of them as would have been charged if such discontinuance and setting up or commencement had actually taken place, the tax shall be computed, charged,

collected and paid, accordingly.

(2) If at any time after the said fifth day of April any person succeeds to any trade, profession

or vocation which until that time was carried on

by another person and the case is not one to

which paragraph (1) of this Rule applies, the tax payable for all years of assessment by the person succeeding as aforesaid shall be computed as if he

had set up or commenced the trade, profession or

vocation at that time, and the tax payable for all years of assessment by the person who until that time carried on the trade, profession or

vocation shall be computed as if it had then been discontinued.

120

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

In this paragraph references to a person include references to a partnership.

(3) In the case of the death of a person who,

if he had not died, would, under the provisions of this Rule, have become chargeable to income tax for any year, the tax which would have been so

chargeable shall be assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators, and shall be a debt due from and payable out of his estate."

(2) Where relief has been given under the provisions

of Rule 11 of the Rules applicable to Cases I. and II of Schedule D in respect of a falling short of profits or

gains from some specific cause since or by reason of a

change in a partnership of persons engaged in any trade

or profession, or a succession to a trade or profession,

which change or succession took place within the year

1927-28, the person or persons who after the change or

succession are chargeable with tax in respect of profits or

gains of the trade or profession shall be entitled, on giving notice in writing to the surveyor not later than the fifth day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine, to be

charged to tax for the year 1928-29 as if the trade or

profession had been set up or commenced on the date

of the aforesaid change or succession, and if the tax charged has been paid any tax overpaid shall be repaid.

(3) This section shall come into operation on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

Relief in

respect of certain losses.

33.—(1) Where a person has in any trade, profession

or vocation carried on by him, either solely or in

partnership, sustained a loss*(to be computed in like manner as profits or gains under the Rules applicable

to Cases I and II of Schedule D) in respect of wdiich relief has not been wholly given under section thirty-four

of the Income Tax Act, 1918 (which relates to relief

in respect of certain losses), or under Rule 13 of the

Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D

(which provides for the setting-off of losses against profits or gains in a distinct trade), or under any other provision of the Income Tax Acts, he may 'claim that any portion of the loss for which relief has not been

so given shall be carried forward and, as far as may be,

deducted from or set-off against the amount of profits

or gains on which he is assessed under Schedule D in

1926.

Fiimnce Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

121

respect of that trade, profession or vocation for the six following years of assessment:

Provided that in so far as relief in respect of any loss has been given to any person under this section that person shall not be entitled to claim relief in respect

of that loss under any other provision of the Income Tax

Acts.

(2) In the application of this section to a loss sustained by a partner in a partnership, the expression

" the amount of profits or gains on which he is assessed "

shall, in respect of any year, be taken to mean such portion of the amount on which the partnership is

assessed under Schedule D in respect of the trade,

profession or vocation as he would be required under the Income Tax Acts to include in a return of his total income for that year.

(3) Any relief under this section shall be given as

far as possible from the first subsequent assessment for any year within the said six following years, and so far

as it cannot be so given then from the next such assessment and so on.

(4) Where a loss is sustained—

(a) by a person in the occupation of woodlands who, if he had made a profit, would, by

reason of his election under Rule 7 of the

Rules applicable to Schedule B, have been chargeable for the succeeding year to tax under Schedule D computed on the amount

of that profit; or

(b) by a person in *the occupation of lands who,

if he had made a profit, would in consequence of his election under Rule 5 of the

Rules applicable to Schedule B, have been chargeable for the succeeding year to tax under Schedule D computed on the amount

of that profit;

this section shall apply so as to give relief in respect of that loss in the same manner and to the same extent

as if it were a loss sustained in a trade:

Provided that, if for any year after the year in which the loss is sustained the person who suffered the loss is

assessed under Schedule B in respect of the occupation of the lands in question, no such deduction or set-off as

122

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Period of computation of profits and gains.

aforesaid shall in respect of that loss be allowed for that

or any succeeding year.

(5) The provisions of this section shall extend so as

to apply to a loss sustained in the year ending on the fifth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

or, where it has been customary to make up accounts

of the trade, profession or vocation, in the year which under the provisions of the next following section of this Act would be taken to be the year preceding the year

1927-28.

34.—(1) Where, in the case of any tradqj profession

or vocation, or of the occupation of any land occupied solely or mainly for the purposes of husbandry, or of the occupation of any woodlands, it has been customary to

make up accounts, —

(a) if only one account was made up to a date within the year preceding the year of assessment,

and that account was for a period of one year,

the profits or gains of the year ending on

that date shall be taken to be the profits or

gains of the year preceding the year of assessment;

(b) if no account for a period of one year was made

up to a date within the year preceding the year of assessment, or if more accounts than one were made up to dates within that year,

the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall decide what period of twelve months shall be

deemed to be the year the profits or gains

of which are to be .taken to be the profits or

gains of the year preceding the year of assessment.

(2) Where the Commissioners of Inland Revenue have given a decision under paragraph (b) of the preceding subsection and it appears to them that in

consequence thereof the tax for the last preceding year

of assessment (not being a year prior to the year

1927-28) in respect of the profits or gains from the same source should be computed on the profits or gains

of a corresponding period, they may give directions to

that effect and an assessment or additional assessment

or repayment of tax shall be made accordingly.

(3) An appeal shall lie against any assessment

or additional assessment or in respect of any repayment

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

123

of tax under subsection (2) of this section, and any such appeal shall be made to the General or Special Commissioners who shall consider the circumstances and grant such relief, if any, as is just, and their determination shall be final and conclusive, subject to the provisions

of the Income Tax Acts relating to the statement of a case for the opinion of the High Court.

(4) In the case of the death of a person who, if he

had not died, would, under the provisions of this section,

have become chargeable to income tax for any year, the tax which would have been so chargeable shall be

assessed and charged upon his executors or administrators and shall be a debt due from and payable out

of his estate.

35 . — (1)Where in the case of any profits or gains Apportion-

chargeable under Case I, Case II, Rule 4 of Case III or ment of Case VI of Schedule D it is necessary, in order to arrive profits.

at the profits or gains or losses of any year of assessment

or other period, to divide and apportion to specific periods the profits or gains or losses for any period for which the accounts have been made up, or to aggregate any such profits or gains or losses or any apportioned parts thereof, it shall be lawful to make such a division and apportionment or aggregation:

Provided that nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the power of the general commissioners with respect to the adjustment of an assessment under

Rule 9 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D.

(2) Any apportionment under this section shall be

made in proportion to the number of months or fractions

of months in the respective periods.

36 . — (1)The amendments specified in the second Conse-

column of the Fourth Schedule to this Act, which are quential consequential or relate to minor details, shall be made ft nd minor

in the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1918, specified ame " d *

in the first column of that Schedule. men s '

(2) It shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council by

Order to make such amendments of the forms of statements, lists and declarations contained in the Fifth

Schedule to the Income Tax Act, 1918, as appear to

His Majesty to be necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Part of this Act, and that Schedule shall have effect as amended by any Order so made.

124

Construction and commencement of Part IV..

and repeal.

Provisions for limiting further assessments

or cfiuuis

in respect

of excess profits duty.

Ch. 22. Finance Act, 1920. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

37 . —(1)The provisions of the Income Tax Acts shall,

in relation to matters dealt with in this Part of this Act,

have effect subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, and shall, so far as inconsistent therewith, cease to

have effect, and, subject as aforesaid, this Part of this Act

shall be construed as one with the Income Tax Acts.

(2) The provisions of this Part of this Act shall,

except as otherwise expressly provided, come into operation on the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, but shall not apply to any duties of income tax granted by Parliament before the commencement of this Part of this Act, or to any enactment? or matter touching any such duties so granted, and all enactments relating to the basis of assessment which are in force immediately before the commencement of this Part of this Act shall continue to have effect in relation to any such duties so granted as if this Act had not passed, notwithstanding that those enactments are inconsistent with the provisions of, or are expressly repealed by, this Act.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the enactments set out in Part I of the Fifth Schedule to

this Act shall be repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule as from the sixth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

Part V.

Excess Profits Duty.

38 . — (1)After the thirtieth day of September, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, no assessment or additional assessment of duty shall be m&de, and no claim for relief from or for reduction or repayment of duty shall be

entertained or allowed, except in a case which is an

undetermined case within the meaning of this section,

and section thirty-nine of the Finance Act, 1921, shall have effect accordingly.

(2) At any time not later than the said thirtieth day of September the Commissioners may in the case of any person who is or has been the owner of a trade or

business give notice to him that they consider his liability to duty or his right in respect of relief from, or

reduction or repayment of, duty as being undetermined,

and any person who has been assessed to duty or is

entitled to make a claim for relief from or for reduction

or repayment of duty may give a like notice to the

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

125

Commissioners, and where such a notice is given to or

by any person his case shall be deemed to be an

undetermined case for the purposes of this section.

(3) The Commissioners may at any time give notice

to any person whose case is an undetermined case to the effect that all questions as to his liability in respect of duty and his right to any relief from or reduction or

repayment of duty have, in the opinion of the Commissioners, been finally determined.

Any person aggrieved by any such notice may, at

any ti m e \ythin thirty days from the date on which the notice is served on him, appeal against it in accordance with the provisions of subsection (5) of section forty-five

of the principal Act and the provisions (other than provisions prescribing the time within which notice of appeal may be given) of any regulations made under subsection (7) of that section, in the same manner as if

he were a person dis-satisfied with the amount of an

assessment to duty.

If, where notice has been given to a person under this subsection, that person does not appeal against the notice or the appeal is not allowed, his case shall, as

from the expiration of the time within which he was entitled to appeal or as from the date on which the appeal is finally determined, as the case may be, cease

to be an undetermined case within the meaning of this section, and the provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall apply accordingly.

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect any powers vested in the Commissiofters at the commencement of this Act for the recovery of duty or of any interest lawfully chargeable in respect of any duty.

(5) This section shall, subject to the necessary modifications, apply to munitions Exchequer payments

as it applies to the duty.

(6) Notwithstanding anything in this section, the

Commissioners may at any time make an assessment in

respect of any excess profits duty which appears to them not to have been assessed by reason of any fraud or

wilful default on the part of the person liable to be

assessed and recover the duty chargeable on the assessment, and any person aggrieved by any such assessment shall have the same right of appealing against it as

126

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provision as

to deduction

of income tax in computing capital for purposes of excess profits duty.

Interpreta tion of Part V.

he would have had of appealing against any assessment

to duty if this Act had not passed.

39 . — (1)Notwithstanding that an appeal is pending against an assessment to income tax in respect of the profits of a trade or business, the tax chargeable in

accordance with that assessment shall, so far as unpaid,

be deemed to be a debt within the meaning of paragraph 2

of Part III. of the Fourth Schedule to the principal Act

(which enacts that debts shall be deducted in computing the amount of capital for the purposes of Part III. of that Act), and the deduction in respect off any such income tax shall, subject as hereinafter provided, be

made as on the date of the commencement of the first accounting period commencing after the date on which the certificate of assessment which includes the assessment in question was in fact signed by the General or

Special Commissioners, as the case may be, or as on the date of the commencement of the first accounting period commencing after the thirty-first day of December in the year for which the income tax is assessed, whichever such date of commencement is the later:

Provided that, where such an assessment is reduced

on appeal, the amount to be deducted shall be treated as

having been the amount of the income tax on the reduced assessment, and any necessary adjustments in respect of duty shall be made accordingly.

(2) The provisions of this section shall be deemed to

have had effect as from the commencement of Part III.

of the principal Act. .

40 . In this Part of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

The expression "the principal Act" means the

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915:

The expression "duty" means excess profits duty:

References to the principal Act or to any provisions

of that Act shall be construed as references-to

that Act or to those provisions as amended and extended by any subsequent enactment,

including this Part of this Act:

The expression "the Commissioners" means the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

1920.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

127

Part VI.

General.

41 . The amount of the New Sinking Fund (1923) shall Amount of as respects the current financial year be increased by New Sinking the sum of ten million pounds, and section thirty-two of the Finance Act, 1923, shall as respects that year have effect accordingly.

42. As from the first day of April, nineteen Amendment hundred a'nd twenty-six, the sum which under sub- as to sum to

section (1) of section two of the Roads Act, 1920, is to be paid into

be issued out of the Consolidated Fund and the balance i 0 °£ d 1 ] Uri ’

of which is under subsection (3) of that section to be Q eo 5 c _ 72 .

paid into the Road Fund shall be reduced by an amount equal to one-third of the net proceeds of the excise duties on licences for mechanically-propelled vehicles chargeable under paragraphs 1 and 6 of the Second

Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920, as amended by any subsequent enactment.

For the purposes of this section the expression "net proceeds of the excise duties" means the amount levied

in respect of the duties under section one of the Roads

Act, 1920, after deducting from that amount any amount repaid by county councils under section eighteen of the

Finance Act, 1924, or under paragraph 6 of the Second 14 & 15

Schedule to the Finance Act, 1920, or otherwise on Geo. 5. c. 21.

account of any overpayment of duty.

43 . There shall, in accordance with the directions Transfer of of the Treasury, be transferred to the Exchequer from r d f ^dto the Road Fund constituted under the Roads Act, 1920, Exchequer,

the sum of seven million pounds.

44 . Section fifty-eight of the Finance Act, 1920 Continuance .

(which provides that amounts applied out of revenue in during cur-

paying off debt are to be deemed expenditure within the ren, t filian ',

meaning of sections four and five of the Shaking Fund °

Act, 1875), shall apply in relation to the current financial 10 & 11

year as it applies in relation to the financial year ending G«o. 5. c. 18.

on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and 38 & 39 Vict,

twenty-one. c - 45 -

45 . In the case of the illness or absence of the Amendment

Comptroller and Auditor-General, a warrant for the issue as to

of Treasury bills or a warrant for the preparation or for counter -

' signing of 128-

ft

warrants for

Treasury .

bills and •

Exchequer bonds.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

29 & 30 V id.

c. 25.

Power to

extend currency of,

and to issue securities in

exchange for, savings certificates.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 69.

Ch. 22. Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo.. 5

the issue of Exchequer bonds, may, instead of being countersigned by the Comptroller and Auditor-General

as required respectively by section eight of the Treasury

Bills Act, 1877, and by sections three and six of the

Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act, 1866, as applied by

section twenty-six of that Act, be countersigned by a

principal officer of his department authorised by him for that purpose.

46.—(1) Notwithstanding anything in the War Loan

Acts, 1914 to 1919, or section fifty-nine of the Finance

Act, 1920, or any regulations made with respect to, or

any conditions relating to the issue of, savings certificates, any such certificate issued under those enactments shall not, if the Treasury so direct and subject to such conditions with respect to interest and otherwise as they may impose, be required to be repaid or redeemed before the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and thirty-two:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prejudice the right of any holder of any such certificate, if he so

desires, to have the amount payable under the certificate paid to him on or before maturity.

(2) The Treasury may make arrangements for enabling the holders of any savings certificates to *

exchange them (whether on or before maturity) for other securities, and for the purposes of any such exchange may provide for the issue of such new securities as they think fit and for the cancellation of any savings certificates received in exchange.

(3) The principal and interest of any securities issued under this section and any expenses incurred

in connection with the exchange of savings certificates and the issue of new securities under this section shall

be charged on the Consolidated Fund of the United

Kingdom or the growing produce thereof, and, if the

Treasury so direct, any securities issued under this section may, subjec; to the provisions of the War Loan

(Supplemental Provisions) Acts, 1915 and 1918, be

inscribed or registered in the Post Office Register.

(4) The definitions of " Government stock " in subsection (2) of section five of the Savings Bank Act,

1893, and in section fifty-one of the Finance Act, 1921,

shall be amended so as to include securities issued under this section.

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

129

(5) The Treasury may make rules for carrying into effect the provisions of this section as to the exchange of ,

savings certificates, and may by those rules provide, with the necessary modifications, for the matters for which provision could be made under section twenty-nine of the National Debt (Conversion) Act, 1888, and may also 51 & 52 Vict

by those rules apply, with such modifications as may be c - 2 -

necessary, any of the provisions of Part IV. of that Act,

- whether repealed or not, which they think it expedient

to apply.

(6) Thy re shall be paid to the Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland respectively out of the Consolidated

Fund or the growing produce thereof for the management in any financial year of any securities issued under this section such sums as may be agreed upon between the Treasury and those banks respectively.

(7) In this section the expression "savings certificates" means war savings certificates or national savings certificates.

. 47 .—(1)Part 1 . of this Act, so far as it relates to Construc-

duties of customs, shall be construed together with the *? on > 8ho F? i

Customs (Consolidation) Act, 1876, and any enactments cation and amending that Act, and the said Part I., so far as it re p e al.

relates to duties of excise, and Part II. of this Act shall 39 & 40Viet.

be construed together with the Acts which relate to the c. 36.

duties of excise and the management of those duties,

and the expression "the Commissioners " in the said

Part I. or the said Part II. means the Commissioners

of Customs and Excise.

(2) Part III. of this Act shall be construed together with the Income Tax Acts.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Finance Act, 1926.

(4) Such of the provisions of this Act as relate to

matters with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has power to make laws shall not extend to

Northern Ireland.

(5) The enactments set out in Part II. of the Fifth

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

130

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

SCHEDULES.

Section 13. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Amended Rates op Duties on cebtain

Mechanically-pbopelled Vehicles.

Rate of Description of Vehicle. Duty.

3. Vehicles, being hackney carriages as define?! in

section four of the Customs and Inland Revenue

Act, 1888 :—

Tramcars ---- - 15*.

Other vehicles—

Having a seating capacity for—

Not more than 8 persons - -151.

More than 8, but not more than 14 persons - 30Z.

More than 14, but not more than 20 persons - 45 1.

More than 20, but not more than 26 persons - 60Z.

More than 26, but not more than 32 persons - 7 21.

More than 32, but not more than 40 persons - 84Z.

More than 40, hut not more than 48 persons - 96Z.

More than 48, but not more than 56 persons - 108Z.

More than 56, but not more than 64 persons - 120Z.

More than 64 persons.120Z.

With an additional 1Z. 10s. for each person

in excess of 64 persons.

For the purposes of this paragraph the number of persons mentioned does not include the driver of the vehicle and the seating capacity of a vehicle shall be

determined in accordance with provisions to be made

by regulations under section twelve of the Roads Act,

1920.

4.—(1) Locomotive ploughing engines, tractors, agricultural tractors, and other agricultural engines, not being engines or tractors used for hauling on roads any objects except their own necessary gear,

threshing appliances, farming implements, or

supplies of fuel or water required for the purposes

of the vehicle or for agricultural purposes - - 5s.

(2) Tractors, agricultural tractors, and agricultural engines, other than such tractors or engines in

respect of which a duty of 5*. is chargeable, used for haulage solely in connection with agriculture—

Not exceeding 5 tons in weight unladen - - 6Z.

Exceeding 5 tons in weight unladen- - - 10Z.

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

131

Description of Vehicle.

Rate of Duty.

1st Sch.

— cant.

(3) Road locomotives used solely in agriculture and agricultural engines, other than such engines in

respect of which duty is chargeable under paragraph

(1) or paragraph (2) :—

Not exceeding 8 tons in weight unladen -

Exceeding 8 tons but not exceeding 12 tons in

weight unladen ----

Exceeding 12 tons in weight unladen

(4) Vehicles \>f the following descriptions, used at any time otherwise than in connection with agriculture,

that is to say, vehicles which are constructed for haulage solely and not for the purpose of carrying

or having super-imposed upon them any load except such as is necessary for their propulsion or

equipment and which are not used for that purpose—

Not exceeding 2 tons in weight unladen

Exceeding 2 tons but not exceeding 4 tons in

weight unladen ----

Exceeding 4 tons but not exceeding 6 tons in

weight unladen.

Exceeding 6 tons but not exceeding 7J tons in

weight unladen.

Exceeding 1\ tons but not exceeding 8 tons in

weight unladen.

Exceeding 8 tons but not exceeding 10 tons in

weight unladen ----

Exceeding 10 tons in weight unladen -

If any person proves to the satisfaction of the authority charged with levying the duty—

(a) that he has paid in respect of a licence for any vehicle the duty chargeable under this sub-paragraph; and

(b) that the vehicle has during the currency of the licence been used by him solely for the purposes of his business as a travelling showman; and

(c) that he has during the currency of the licence complied, in relation to the vehicle,

with any regulations which may be made

by the Minister of Transport for the safeguarding of roads from the damage which might otherwise arise from the use of such vehicles,

he shall be entitled to repayment of an amount equal to the difference between the amount paid as

25 1.

28 1.

30 1.

211 .

251.

301 .

35 1.

401.

501.

C01.

* 32

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

— ccmt.

Description of Vehicle.

duty under this sub-paragraph and the amount which would have been payable in respect of a licence for that vehicle if this Act had not passed, and the provisions of sub-section (2) of section fourteen

of this Act shall apply as if he were entitled to a

repayment in respect of an overpayment of duty.

5. Vehicles (including tricycles weighing more than

8 cwt. unladen) constructed or adapted for use and used for the conveyance of goods or burden of .any description whether in the course of trade or

otherwise :—

Being vehicles which are electrically-propelled and not exceeding 25 cwt. in weight unladen -

Exceeding 25 cwt. but not exceeding 2 tons in

weight unladen.

Exceeding 2 tons but not exceeding 3 tons in

weight unladen -

Exceeding 3 tons but not exceeding 4 tons in

weight unladen.

Exceeding 4 tons but not exceeding 5 tons in

weight unladen ----

Exceeding 5 tons in weight unladen -

With an additional duty, in any case, if used for drawing a trailer, of -

Being vehicles other than electrically-propelled vehicles—

Not exceeding 12 cwt. in weight unladen

Exceeding 12 cwt. but not exceeding 1 ton

in weight unladen -

Exceeding 1 ton but not exceeding 2 tons in

weight unladen ----

Exceeding 2 tons but not exceeding 3 tons in

weight unladen -

Exceeding 3 tons but not exceeding 4 tons in

weight unladen.

Exceeding 4 tons but not exceeding 5 tons in

weight unladen.

Exceeding 5 tons in weight unladen

With an additional duty, in any case, if used for drawing a trailer, of -

Rate of Duty.

61.

13/.

20 /.

24/.

27/.

30/.

6 /.

10/.

16/.

26/.

40/.

48/.

54/.

601 .

6 1

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

133

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Agreement made the 14th April, . 1926, between the British Government and the Government

of the Irish Free State in respect of Double

Income Tax.

The British Government and the Government of the Irish

Free State, being desirous of concluding an Agreement for the reciprocal exemption from income tax and super-tax of persons who are resident in Great Britain (including Northern Ireland)

or in the Irish Free State but are not resident in both countries and for the reciprocal granting of relief from double taxation in

respect of income tax (including super-tax) to persons who are resident in both countries, and being desirous of making such supplemental consequential and incidental provisions as appear necessary or proper for the purposes of such Agreement, have agreed as follows:—

1. — (a) Any person who proves to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue that for any year he is resident

in the Irish Free State and is not resident in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland shall be entitled to exemption from British income tax for that year in respect of all property situate and all profits or gains arising in Great Britain or Northern Ireland and to exemption from British super-tax for that year.

(b) Any person who proves to the satisfaction of the Revenue

Commissioners that for any year he is resident in Great Britain

or Northern Ireland and is not resident in the Irish Free State shall be entitled to exemption from Irish Free State income tax for that year in respect of all property situate and all profits or

gains arising in the Irish Free State, and to exemption from Irish

Free State super-tax for that year.

(c) Exemption under this Article may be given either by

discharge or by repayment of tax, or otherwise, as the case may require.

2. Relief from double taxation in respect of income tax

(including super-tax) in the case of any person who is resident both in Great Britain or Northern Ireland and in the Irish Free

State shall be allowed from British income tax and Irish Free

State income tax respectively in accordance with and under the provisions of Section 27 of the Finance Act, 1920, provided,

however, that—

(a) the rate of relief to be allowed from British income tax shall be one-half of that person’s appropriate rate of British tax or one-half of his appropriate rate of Irish

Free State tax, whichever is the lower,

Section 23.

134

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch. (b) the rate of relief to be allowed from Irish Free State income cont tax shall be one-half of that person’s appropriate rate

of British tax or one-half of his appropriate rate of Irish Free State tax, whichever is the lower,

(c) for the purpose of determining that person’s appropriate rate of British tax, the rate of British income tax shall

be ascertained by dividing by the amount of his total income from all sources as estimated for income tax pin-poses the amount of tax payable by him on that income before deduction of any relief granted in respect

of life assurance premiums or any relief granted under the provisions of the said Section 27 as amended by this

Article, and the rate of British super-49.x shall be

ascertained by dividing the amount of the super-tax payable by that person by the amount of his total income from all sources as estimated for super-tax purposes,

(d) for the purpose of determining that person’s appropriate rate of Irish Free State tax, the rate of Irish Free State income tax shall be ascertained by dividing by the amount of his total income from all sources as estimated for income tax purposes the amount of tax payable by

him on that income before deduction of any relief granted in respect of life assurance premiums or any relief granted under the provisions of the said Section 27

as amended by this Article, and the rate of Irish Free

State super-tax shall be ascertained by dividing the amount of the super-tax payable by that person by the

* amount of his total income from all sources as estimated for super-tax purposes.

3.— (a) Any person who is entitled to exemption from British income tax by virtue of Article 1 (a) of this Agreement in respect

of property situate and profits or gains arising in Great Britain

or Northern Ireland shall, if and so far as the Oireachtas of the

Irish Free State so provides, and subject to any exemption or

relief to which he may be entitled under the laws in force in the

Irish Free State, be chargeable to Irish Free State income tax in

respect of such property profits or gains.

(b) Any person who is entitled to exemption from Irish Free

State income tax by virtue of Article 1 (b) of this Agreement in

respect of property situate and profits or gains arising in the

Irish Free State shall, if and so far as the British Parliament so

provides, and subject to any exemption or relief to which he may

be entitled under the laws in force in Great Britain and Northern

Ireland, be chargeable to British income tax in respect of such property profits or gains.

(c) Any person who is entitled to relief by virtue of Article 2

of this Agreement shall, subject to such relief, be chargeable, if

and so far as the British Parliament so provides, to British income tax in respect of property situate and profits or gains

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

136

arising in the Irish Free State in like manner in all respects as

if he were resident in Great Britain or Northern Ireland but not resident in the Irish Free State and shall, subject to such relief as aforesaid, be chargeable, if and so far as the Oireachtas

of the Irish Free State so provides, to Irish Free State income tax in respect of property situate and profits or gains arising in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland in like manner in all respects

as if he were resident in the Irish Free State but not resident in

Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

4. For the purposes of this Agreement a company, whether incorporated by or under the laws of Great Britain or of Northern

Ireland or o£ the Irish Free State or otherwise, shall be deemed

to be resideift in that country only in which its business is

managed and controlled.

5. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue and the Revenue

Commissioners may from time to time make arrangements generally for carrying out this Agreement and may in particular make such arrangements as may be practicable to avoid the collection of both British and Irish Free State income tax on

the same income without allowance for any relief due under this

Agreement, and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and the

Revenue Commissioners may make such regulations as they respectively think fit for carrying out such arrangements.

6. The obligation as to secrecy imposed by any enactment with regard to income tax shall not prevent the disclosure by

any authorised officer of the British Government to any authorised officer of the Government of the Irish Free State or by any authorised officer of the Government of the Irish Free State to

any authorised officer of the British Government of such facts

as may be necessary to enable full effect to be given to this

Agreement.

7. Any question that may arise between the parties to this

Agreement as to the interpretation of this Agreement or as to

any matter arising out of or incidental to the Agreement shall

be determined by such tribunal as may be agreed between them,

and the determination of such tribunal shall, as between them,

be final.

8. This Agreement shall be subject to confirmation by the

British Parliament and by the Oireachtas of the Irish Free

State and shall have effect only if and so long as legislation confirming the Agreement is in force both in Great Britain and

Northern Ireland and in the Irish Free State.

Bated this fourteenth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

(Signed)

Winston S. Churchill, Earnan de Blaqhd,

Chancellor of the Exchequer. Minister for Finance,

Saorstat Eireann.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

136

Ch. 22 .

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch.

— cant.

Part II.

Modifications of Income Tax Acts for the purpose

OF GIVING- EFFECT TO THE AGREEMENT SET OUT

in Part I. of this Schedule.

1. In respect of property situate and profits or gains arising

in the Irish Free State—

(1) The Rules applicable to Case IV of Schedule D shall have effect as if Rule 2 thereof had been omitted, and the Rules applicable to Case V of Schedule D shall have effect as if Rule 3 thereof had been omitted:

(2) In Rule 1 of the Rules applicable to Case V of Schedule D

for the words "on an average of the three preceding years, as directed in Case I, " there shall be substituted the words "arising in the year of assessment ":

(3) The following Rule shall be substituted for Rule 2 of the Rules applicable to Case V of Schedule D :—

The tax in respect of income arising from possessions other than stocks, shares, or rents, shall be computed either on the full amount thereof arising in the year of assessment or on the full amount thereof on an average

of such period as the case may require and as may be

directed by the Commissioners, so that according to

the nature of the income the tax may be computed on

the same basis as that on which it would have been computed if the income had arisen in Great Britain

or Northern Ireland, and subject in either case to a

deduction on account of any annual interest or any annuity or other annual payment payable out of the income to a person not resident in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland, and the provisions of the Income

Tax Acts (including those relating to the delivery

of statements) shall apply accordingly; and the person chargeable and assessable shall be entitled to the same allowances, deductions, and reliefs as if the income had arisen in Great Britain or Northern Ireland:

Provided that in the case of lands, tenements or

hereditaments in the Irish Free State in the occupation

of a person resident in Great Britain or Northern

Ireland which, had they been situate in Great

Britain or Northern Ireland, would have been chargeable to tax according to the general rule of No. 1 of Schedule A in respect of the property therein or under

Schedule B (other than under Rule 8 of Schedule B)

in respect of the occupation thereof, tax shall be charged under this Rule and the income arising therefrom shall be taken to be an amount (subject to deduction

as aforesaid) determined as follows, that is to say :—

(a) where the tax would in the circumstances aforesaid have been chargeable according to the

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

137

General Rule of No. 1 of Schedule A, the amount shall

be taken to be the annual value, as reduced for the purposes of collection, of the lands, tenements or

hereditaments as ascertained for the year of assessment for the purposes of the charge to income tax under Schedule A in the Irish Free State;

(6) where the tax in the circumstances aforesaid would have been chargeable under Schedule B, the amount shall be taken to be the assessable value

* of the lands, tenements or hereditaments as ascertained for such year as aforesaid for the purposes

of the charge to income tax under Schedule B in the

Bush Free State.

(4) Notwithstanding anything contained in Rule 5 (1) of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D,

in estimating the amount of annual profits or gains arising or accruing from any trade, profession or

vocation a deduction shall be allowed on account

of lands, tenements, hereditaments or other premises situate in the Irish Free State and used in whole or

in part for the purpose of that trade, profession or

vocation of an amount equal to the amount charged

to tax under Case V of Schedule D by virtue of the preceding subparagraph in respect of the income arising from such lands, tenements, hereditaments or

other premises or the part so used.

(5) So much of Part IV. of this Act as provides for computing profits and gains under Case IV of Schedule D

by reference to the year preceding the year of assessment

in lieu of by reference to the year of assessment shall not apply.

2. In the definition of "foreign life assurance fund " in

section two hundred and thirty-seven of the Income Tax Act,

1918, the expression "United Kingdom " shall mean Great

Britain and Ireland.

3. Section twenty-one of the Finance Act, 1925, which grants an exemption for charities in the Irish Free State, shall cease to have effect.

4 . — (1) Any claim for exemption from income tax or supertax on the ground that the claimant is resident in the Irish

Free State and is not resident in Great Britain or Northern

Ireland shall be made to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue

in such form as they may prescribe, and the said Commissioners shall on proof of the facts to their satisfaction allow the claim accordingly:

Provided that section seventeen of the Income Tax Act, 1918,

shall apply to the claimant for such exemption in like manner

as it applies to a claimant for relief.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

138

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

(2) Any person who is aggrieved by the decision of the said Commissioners on a claim made by him as aforesaid may,

by notice in writing to that effect given to the said Commissioners within twenty-one days from the date on which notice of the decision is given to him, make an application to have his claim heard and determined by the Special Commissioners.

(3) Where any such application as aforesaid is made, the

Special Commissioners shall hear and determine the claim in like manner as an appeal made to them against an assessment under

Schedule D, and all the provisions of the Income Tax Acts relating to such an appeal (including the provisions relating to

the statement of a case for the opinion of the Hig^h Court on

a point of law) shall apply accordingly with arty necessary modifications.

5.—(1) Any person who is intrusted with the payment of any interest, dividends or other annual payments which are payable

to any persons in Great Britain or Northern Ireland out of the public revenue of the Irish Free State or out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares or securities of any Irish Free State company,

society, adventure or concern shall be relieved from the obligation imposed on him by General Rule 1 of Schedule C and Miscellaneous

Rule 7 of Schedule D to pay tax thereon on behalf of the persons entitled thereto as regards any such interest dividends or other annual payments in respect of which he furnishes to the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue in such form and subject to

such conditions as they may prescribe a fist containing

(a) a full description of the interest dividends or other annual payments;

(b) the name and address of each person who is entitled thereto; and

(c) the amount thereof to which each such person is entitled.

(2) Any person intrusted with payment who by virtue of subparagraph (1) of this paragraph is relieved from the obligation

to pay tax on interest dividends or other annual payments shall

be entitled to the like remuneration to which, if he had paid tax thereon, he would have been entitled under Rule 5 of the Rules applicable to Schedule C as to interest etc. with the payment of which persons other than the Bank of England, the Bank of Ireland and the National Debt Commissioners are intrusted.

(3) Any interest, dividends or other annual payments in

respect of which the person intrusted with payment is by virtue

of subparagraph (1) of this paragraph relieved from the obligation

to pay tax shall be assessable and chargeable under Case IV or

Case V of Schedule D as the case may be.

(4) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may make such regulations as may be necessary for the purposes of this paragraph.

1926. Finance Act, 1926. Ch. 22.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Table of Transfers of various Properties from Schedule A to Schedule D.

Property in respect

of which Tax

chargeable.

Case of Schedule D

under which to be

• charged.

Provisions with respect to new method of charging.

Certain lands, tenements, hereditaments or heritages

to which the rules

of No. II. of Schedule A ap-

ply.

Case III.

In computing the amount of an

assessment under Schedule D

the like deductions and allowances shall be made as would have been made if the assessment had been made under

Schedule A, No. II.

The proviso to Rule 6 of Schedule

A, No. II, shall be deemed to

be a rule of Schedule D, Case

III, with respect to the fines to

which the said Rule 6 applies.

Certain lands, tenements, hereditaments or heritages to which the rules of No. III. of Schedule A apply.

Case I.

Rules 4, 5 and 7 of Schedule A,

No. Ill, shall apply and shall

be deemed to be rules of Schedule D, Case I, so far

as regards those lands, tenements, hereditaments or heri tages.

No deduction or set-off (other than the deduction granted by

subsection (2) of section eighteen

of the Finance Act, 1919) shall

be allowed in estimating the profits on account of, or by

reference to, the annual value

of any lands, tenements, hereditaments or heritages occupied and used in connection with the concern and not separately assessed and charged under

Schedule A.

1

Section

140

Ch. 22.

Finance Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Section 36.

FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Consequential and Minor Amendments of the

Income Tax Act, 1918.

Enactments to

be amended.

Nature of Amendment.

Section 19 - - The words " assessable under Schedule A "

shall be inserted after the word*’ heritages "

where that word first occurs; the words

" assessable under Schedule B " shall be

inserted after the word "heritages " where

it secondly occurs; and the words "of the last-mentioned lands, tenements, hereditaments and heritages " shall be inserted after the word "occupier."

First Schedule - In paragraph (2) of Rule 1 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D the words "year preceding the year of assessment " shall be substituted for " said period of three years, " and the words "the average of " shall be omitted.

In paragraph (d) of Rule 3 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule D

the word " actually " shall be substituted for the word "usually " and the words according to an average of three years preceding the year of assessment " shall be

omitted.

In paragraph (1) of Rule 5 of the Rules applicable to Cases I and II of Schedule I) the words " annual value of " shall be substituted for the words "profits or gains arising from, " and the words "and separately

" assessed and charged under Schedule A "

shall be inserted after the word "profession"

where it first occurs, and the words "provided that " shall be omitted.

In paragraph (2) of the said Rule 5 the words "lands, tenements, hereditaments and heritages " shall be substituted for the word S! premises " where it firstly and secondly occurs.

1926.

Finance Act, 1926.

Ch. 22.

141

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Section 37.

Enactments Repealed.

Part T.

Sos8<on ftnd

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Income Tax Act,

In the First Schedule—

c. 40.

1918.

In the Rule applicable to

Case I. of Schedule D the words "other than a trade

" relating to lands, tene-

" ments, hereditaments or

" heritages directed to be

" charged under Schedule A."

Rule 8 of the Rules ap-

plicable to Cases I. and II. of Schedule D.

Rule 3 of the Miscellaneous

Rules applicable to Schedule

D.

ll& 12 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act, 1921.

Section twenty-six.

c. 32.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

The Finance Act, 1924.

Section twenty-six.

Part II.

Section 47.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

23 & 24 Vict,

c. 113.

The Excise Act, 1860

Sections eight to twenty.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act,

Suction twelve.

c. 15.

1918.

14 & 15 Geo.5.

The Finance Act,

Subsection (2) of section three.

c. 21.

1924.

1

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

The Finance Act-,

In subsection (2) of section

c. 36.

1925.

three the reference to the provisions of subsection (4)

of section thirteen of the

Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915,

and in section eighteen the words "for the year 1925-

26."

142

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Issue of £248, 279, 395

out of the

Consolidated Fund.

Power for the Treasury to

borrow.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 2.

CHAPTER 23.

An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[4th August 1926.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted

to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your

Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the authority of the same, as follows:—

Grant out oe Consolidated Fund.

1. The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated

Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, the sum of two hundred and forty-eight million two hundred and seventy-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-five pounds.

2. —(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank

of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the

Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two hundred and forty-eight million two hundred and seventy-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-five pounds,

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, and section six of the Treasury Bills

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

143

pounds pet cent, per annum, out of the growing produce

of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Appropriation of Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act and the other Acts mentioned'«in Schedule (A) annexed to this Act out of the said Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by

the said schedule, in the aggregate, to the sum of four hundred and twenty-seven million nine hundred and eighty-three thousand five hundred and seventy-three pounds nine shillings and sevenpence, are appropriated,

and shall be deemed to have been appropriated as from the date of the passing of the Acts mentioned in the said Schedule (A), for the services and purposes expressed

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner

as if they had been contained in the body thereof.

In addition to the sums hereby granted out of the

Consolidated Fund, there may be applied out of any money directed under section two of the Public Accounts and Charges Act, 1891, to be applied as appropriations in

aid of the grants for the services and purposes specified

in Schedule (B) annexed hereto the sums respectively set forth in the last column of the said schedule.

4. — (1) So long as the aggregate expenditure on

naval military and air services respectively is not made

to exceed the aggregate sums appropriated by this Act

for those services respectively, any surplus arising on any vote for those services, either by an excess of the sum realised on account of appropriations in aid of the vote over the sum which may be applied under this Act as

appropriations in aid of that vote, or by saving of expenditure on that vote, may, with the sanction of the

Treasury, be temporarily applied either in making up

any deficiency in the sums realised on account of appropriations in aid of any other vote in the same department,

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 24.

Treasury may, in certain cases of exigency,

authorise expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate grants for the navy services,

army ser-

144

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

vices and air services respectively

be not exceeded.

Sanction for navy and air expenditure for 1924 1925

unprovided for.

14 & 15 Geo. 5.

e. 31.

Declaration required

in certain cases before receipt of suras appropriated.

or in defraying expenditure in the same department which is not provided for in the sums appropriated to

the service of the department by this Act, and which

it may be detrimental to the public service to postpone until provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual course.

(2) A statement showing all cases in which the sanction of the Treasury has been given to the temporary application of a surplus under this section, and showing the circumstances under which the sanction of the

Treasury has been given, shall be laid before the House

of Commons with the appropriation accounts tff the naval military and air services for the year, in order that any temporary application of any surplus sanctioned by the

Treasury under this section may be submitted for the sanction of Parliament.

5. Whereas surpluses arising on certain votes for navy services have been applied as shown in the account set out in Schedule (C, Part I.) to this Act; and whereas under the powers given for the purpose by the Appropriation Act, 1924, surpluses arising on certain votes for air services have been applied as shown in the account set out in Schedule (C, Part II.) to this Act:

It is enacted that the application of those surpluses

as shown in the said accounts is hereby sanctioned.

6. —(1) A person shall not receive any payment out

of a grant which may be made in pursuance of this Act

for half-pay or army, navy, air force, or civil non-effective services, until he has subscribed such declaration as may from time to time be prescribed by a warrant of the

Treasury before one of the persons prescribed by the warrant:

Provided that the Treasury may dispense with the production of a declaration under this section in respect

of any payment if such a declaration has been subscribed within a period of seven calendar months preceding the date of the payment.

(2) Any person who makes a declaration for the purpose of this section knowing the same to be untrue

in any material particular shall be guilty of a misdemeanour.

7. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Short title.

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

145

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund

Section 3.

£ s. d.

427, 983, 573 9 7

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriation of Grants. Section 3.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1924-1925-1926.

s.

d.

s.

d.

Part 1.

Navy Excess, 1924-1925

100

0

0

45, 752

3

6

if

2.

Civil Services Excesses,

1924-1925

387, 104

9

7

33, 538

4

7

3.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1925-1926

5, 269, 474

0

0

809, 327

0

0

5, 656, 678

9

7

888, 617

8

1

1926-1927.

Part 4.

Navy -

58, 100,000

0

0

4, 213, 728

0

0

5.

Army -

42, 500,000

0

o !

9, 920,000

0

0

Army (Ordnance Factories)

100

0

0

2, 735, 200

0

0

6.

Air Force -

16,000,000

0

0

4, 864, 500

0

0

116, 600, 100

0

0

1

21, 733, 428

0

0

Part 7.

Civil Services, Class I.

6, 559, 053

0

o

650, 485

0

0

a

8.

Civil Services, Class II.

13, 445, 555

0

0

9, 556, 741

0

0

>i

9.

Civil Services, Class III.

12, 216, 94 6

0

0

1, 647, 654

0

0

n

10.

Civil Services, Class IV.

53, 337, 959

0

0

210, 656

0

0

11.

Civil Services, Class V.

7, 588, 827

0

o

723, 055

0

0

Carried forward

93, 148, 340

0

0

12, 788, 591

0

0

K

146

SCHED. (B.)

Appropriation of Grants.

SCHED. (A.)

Ch. 23. Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Appropriation of Grants— cont.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

Brought forward

93, 148, 340 0 0

12, 788, 591 0 0

Part 12. Civil Services,

Class VI. -

102, 003, 364 0 0

l, fiS9, 770 0 0

, 13. Civil Services,

Class VII. -

32, 737, 419 0 0

5, 279, 982 0 0

, 14. Civil Services,

Unclassified -

11, 453, 020 0 0

1, 650, 392 0 0

Total Civil \

Services - J £

239, 342, 143 0 0

21, 408, 735 0 0

Part 15. Revenue Departments, &c. -

66, 384, 652 0 0

2, 738, 937 0 0

Grand Total - £

427, 983, 573 9 7

46, 767, 717 8 1

SCHEDULE (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ended on the

31st day of March 1925:— £ s. d.

Under Act 16 Geo. 5. c. 1 - 387, 204 9 7

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1926 :—

Under Act 16 Geo. 5. c. 1 - 5, 269, 474 0 0

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1927 :—

Under Act 16 Geo. 5. c. 1 - 174, 047, 500 0 0

Under this Act. 248, 279, 395 0 0

Total

£427, 983, 573 9 7

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

147

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 1.

Navy Excesses,

1924-1925.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Sum granted to make good ex-

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

cesses of Navy expenditure beyond the grants for the year ended on the 31st day of March

1925 .

100 0 0

45, 752 3 6

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 2.

Civil Service Excesses, 1924-1925.

Sum granted to make good excesses on certain grants for

Civil Services for the year ended

on the 31st day of March

1925:—

Class I.

Diplomatic and Consular Buildings

4, 258 3 11

Class II.

Ministry of Pensions -

Total -

382, 846 5 8

387, 104 9 7

33, 538 4 7

33, 538 4 7

Sohjsd. (B.)

Past 1.

Sched. (B.)

Part 2.

148

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

ScnED. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3.

Part 3. _____

Civil Services

(Supple- Civil Services (Supplementary), 1925-1926.

mentary), *

1925 - 1926 . Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the year ended on the 31st day of March 1926, viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply *

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES.

Class I.

For expenditure in respect of diplomatic and consular buildings -

7, 500

For expenditure in respect of customs and excise, inland revenue, post office and telegraph buildings in Great

Britain and certain post offices abroad

66, 500

For expenditure in respect of employment exchange and insurance buildings, Great Britain (including Ministries

of Labour and Health) -

12,000

For expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great Britain, not provided for on other Votes, including historic buildings, ancient monuments and Brompton Cemetery -

158, 345

* —17,000

For expenditure in respect of housing schemes under the management of the

Office of Works -

10

7, 590

Class II.

For the salaries and expenses of the office

of the committee of Privy Council for

Trade, and subordinate departments,

including certain services arising out

of the war ----

12, 700

Carried forward £

257, 055

* -9.410

* Deficit.

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

149

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3— continued.

Sums not

_l_

exceeding

Supply

Appropriat ions

CIVIL SERVICES— cont.

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

Class II.— continued.

For the sf^aries and expenses of the

257, 055

* — 9, 410

Department of Overseas Trade -

For the salaries and expenses of the Mines

32, 500

* - 9,000

Department of the Board of Trade

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries,

including a subsidy on sugar and molasses manufactured from beet grown

in Great Britain, expenses under the

Agricultural Wages (Regulation) Act,

1924, loans to agricultural co-operative societies, grants for agricultural education and research, grants for eradication of tuberculosis in cattle, grants for land drainage, a grant in aid of the small holdings account, and certain other grants in aid; and of the Royal

16, 757

318

Botanic Gardens, Kew ...

For the salaries and expenses of the Board

of Control (Lunacy and Mental Deficiency), England, and grants in respect

of the maintenance of certain ex-service

303,000

mental patients ----

For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General

23, 860

700

of Births, &c. .

For stationery, printing, paper, binding,

and printed books for the public service; for the salaries and expenses

of the Stationery Office; and for sundry

Miscellaneous Services, including Re-

3, 810

1, 800

ports of Parliamentary Debates -

For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners of His

48,000

7,000

Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings

3, 331

Carried forward £

688, 313

* -8, 592

SCHED. (B.)

Past 3.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1925-1926.

* Deficit.

150

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1925-26.

Ch. 23. Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES— cont.

Brought forward

688, 313

* -8, 592

Class III.

For the salaries of the Commissioner and

Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, bonus

to Metropolitan Police Magistrates,

the contribution towards the expenses

of the Metropolitan Police, the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary, and other grants in respect

of police expenditure, including places

of detention, and a grant in aid of the police federation -

182, 775

For grants in respect of police expenditure and for a grant in aid of the police federation in Scotland ...

47, 100

Class IV.

For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith,

including sundry grants in aid -

180,000

160,000

For public education in Scotland, and for the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, including a grant in aid -

2, 200

480

For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library in Scotland

10

1, 890

Carried forward - £

1, 100, 398

153, 778

* Deficit.

1926.

151

Appropriation Act, 1926. Ch. 23.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 3— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grinta.

in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES— amt.

Brought forward

1, 100, 398

153, 778

Class V.

For the expenses connected with Oversea

Settlement, including certain grants in

aid, and expenses arising out of the

Empire Settlement Act, 1922, and the free passage scheme for ex-service men and women

io !

• i

Class VI.

For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances and gratuities awarded

to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary,

and to widows and children of such members, including annuities to the

National Debt Commissioners in respect of commutation of compensation allowances, and certain extra statutory payments ----

10

32, 490

For the payment of old age pensions, for certain administrative expenses in

connection therewith, and for pensions under the Blind Persons Act, 1920

198,000

* — 1,000

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for sundry contributions in respect of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916, the War Pensions Acts,

1915 to 1921, and sundry services

1, 492,000

Carried forward - £

2, 790, 418

185, 268

SCHED. (B.)

Past 3.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1925-26.

* Deficit.

152

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1925-26.

Ch. 23. Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part Z—continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES— cont.

Brought forward -

2, 790, 418

185, 268

Ci.ass VI— cont.

For the salaries and other expenses of royal commissions, committees, and special inquiries, &c., including provision for shorthand, and the expenses

of surplus stores, &c., liquidation

6, 225

For expenditure in connection with

British Government exhibit and sundry displays at the British Empire Exhibition, 1925 .

10

13,000

For certain salaries and expenses of the

Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United

Kingdom, and a grant in aid of the

Imperial War Graves Commission

Fund, formed under royal charter,

21st May, 1917, and a contribution towards an endowment fund

48, 700

Class VII.

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health; including grants and other expenses in connection with housing, grants to local authorities,

&c., in connection with public health and unemployment services, sundry grants in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under the

National Health Insurance Act, 1924,

certain expenses under the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory

Pensions Act, 1925, certain grants in

aid, and certain special services

10

202, 390

Carried forward - £

2, 845, 363

400, 658

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

153

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3— continued.

CIVIL SERVICES— cant.

Brought forward

Class VII— cant.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grante.

Appropriations

in Aid.

2, 845, 363

400, 658

SCHEP. (B.)

Part 3.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1925-26.

For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Board of Health, including expenses in connection with the administration of the Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925; grants and other expenses

in connection with housing, grants to

local authorities, &c., grants in respect

of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health

Insurance Act, 1924, and certain grants

in aid.

182, 381

32, 469

For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and subordinate departments, including the contributions to the Unemployment Fund,

and payments to associations, local education authorities and others for administration under the Unemployment Insurance and Labour Exchanges Acts; expenditure in connection with the training of demobilised Officers, non-commissioned

Officers and men, and nurses,

grants for resettlement in civil life;

and the expenses of the Industrial

Court; also expenses in connection with the International Labour

Organisation (League of Nations);

including a grant-in-aid -

Carried forward - £

10

240, 990

3, 027, 754

674, 117

154

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 3.

Civil Services

(Supplementary),

1925-26.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 3— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

CIVIL SERVICES— cont.

Brought forward

Unclassified Services.

For guarantees in respect of export of goods wholly or partly produced or

3, 027, 754

674, 117

manufactured in the United Kingdom

18,000

35,000

For payments in respect of compensation for personal injuries, and for use of, or

malicious damage to, property, including advances on account of prospective awards of the Compensation (Ireland)

Commission, or under the Damage to

Property (Compensation) Act of the

Irish Free State or on the security of stock issued under that Act; ex-gratia grants; grants to refugees for the relief of distress; and advances in

respect of rent and other sums payable under the Land Act, 1923, of the

Irish Free State -

For a grant-in-aid of the revenues of 116, 720

20, 210

the Government of Northern Ireland -

Revenue Departments.

1, 200,000

For the Salaries and Expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department

For the Salaries and Expenses of the Post

Office, including Telegraphs and

60,000

Telephones

847,000

80,000

Total Civil Services and Revenue

Departments -

5, 269, 474

809, 327

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

155

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 4.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Navy.

NAVY. i

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned, which wall come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March, 1927; viz. :—

A

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For wages, &c., to 102, 675 officers,

seamen, and boys, and royal marines; and civilians employed

on floet services -

2. For victualling and clothing for the navy, including the cost of victualling establishments at

14, 718,000

83, 451

home and abroad ...

3. For medical services, including the cost of medical establishments

4, 423, 200

974, 340

at home and abroad -

452, 900

47, 010

4. For the fleet air arm ...

681,000

5. For educational services -

326, 800

85, 460

6. For scientific services ...

7. For the royal naval reserve, the royal fleet reserve, and the royal

435, 300

74, 028

naval volunteer reserve, &c.

8. Sect. 1. For the personnel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance, &c., at dockyards and naval

445, 500

580

yards at home and abroad -

, Sect. 2. For the materiel for shipbuilding, repairs, maintenance,

&c., at dockyards and naval

7, 487, 200

150, 026

yards at home and abroad -

, Sect. 3. For contract work for

5, 480, 200

1, 775, 200

shipbuilding, repairs, &c.

7, 427, 200

128, 500

Carried forward - £

41, 877, 300

3, 318, 595

156

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5

SCHED. (B.)

Part 4.

Navy.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 4 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

41, 877, 300

3, 318, 595

No.

9. For naval armaments (including wages, &e., of 450 marine pen-

sioner police) -

3, 436, 400

417, 810

10. For works, buildings, and repairs

at home and abroad, including the cost of superintendence, purchase of sites, grants in aid, and other charges connected therewith .

2, 375, 300

300,000

11. For various miscellaneous effective services ----

971, 400

65, 756

12. For the Admiralty Office

1, 220,000

29, 302

13. For non-effective services (naval and marine)—officers -

2, 859, 600

27, 088

14. For non-effective services (naval and marine)—men -

4, 510, 400

36, 750

15. For civil superannuation, compensation allowances and gratuities -

849, 600

18, 427

Total Navy Services - £

58, 100,000

4, 213, 728

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

157

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 5.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st day of March 1927; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c. of His Majesty’s

Army (to a number not exceeding

159, 400) at homo and abroad

(exclusive of India)

9, 474,000

4, 858,000

2. For the Army Reserve, Supplementary Reserve, Territorial Army,

Officers’ Training Corps, and

Channel Islands and Colonial

Militia, &c..

5, 392,000

25, 500

3. For medical services ...

986,000

47,000

4. For educational establishments

932,000

107,000

5. For quartering and movements

6. For supplies, road transport, and

1, 669,000

839,000

remounts ----

5, 912,000

373,000

7. For clothing ----

1, 109,000

265,000

8. For general stores - -

9. For warlike and engineer technical stores, including technical estab-

891,000

658,000

lishments

2, 345,000 J

765,000

Carried forward - £

28, 710,000

7, 937, 500

Sched. (B.)

Part 6.

Army.

158

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (13).

Part 5.

Army.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 5— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

28, 710,000

7, 937, 500

No.

10. For works, buildings, and lands,

including military and civilian staff and other charges in connection therewith -

3, 944,000

300,000

11. For miscellaneous effective services -

1, 044,000

467, 500

12. For the War Office -

879,000

5, 500

13. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

effective charges for officers -

3, 633,000

650, 500

14. For Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals, out-pensions, rewards for .

distinguished services, widows ’

pensions, and other non-effective charges for warrant officers, noncommissioned officers, and men,

&C.

4, 050,000

558, 900

15. For civil superannuation, compensation, additional allowances,

gratuities, injury grants, &c.

240,000

100

Total Army Services - £

42, 500,000

9, 920,000

Army (Ordnance Factories).

For the ordnance factories, the cost of productions of which will be charged

to the army, navy, air force and Indian,

Dominion and Colonial Governments -

100

2, 735, 200

Total Army Services")

(including Ordnance )~£

42, 500, 100

12, 655, 200

Factories) - -J

1926. Appropriation Act, 1926. Ch. 23.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 6.

AIR.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Air Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1927; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

No.

1. For the pay, &c., of 35, 500 of all

ranks of the Air Force -

2. For the quartering, stores (except technical), supplies, and trans-

3, 405,000

1, 262,000

port.

3. For technical and warlike stores

(including experimental and re-

1, 507,000

761,000

search services)

4. For works, buildings, repairs, and lands, including civilian staff, and

6, 091,000

2, 140,000

other charges connected therewith

2, 347,000

496,000

5. For medical services ...

209,000

138, 500

6. For educational services -

432,000

16,000

7. For auxiliary and reserve forces

406,000

500

8. For Civil Aviation -

9. For the meteorological and miscel-

462,000

11,000

laneous effective services

135,000

37,000

10. For the Air Ministry ...

11. For rewards, half-pay, retired pay,

widows’ pensions, and other non-

761,000

1,000

effective services -

245,000

1, 500

Total Air Services - £

16,000,000

4, 864, 500

159

SCHED. (B).

Part 6.

Air.

160

Cti. 23.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil Services

Class I.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st dav of March

1927; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

tfo.

1. Eor expenditure in respect of royal

palaces, including a grant in aid

2. For expenditure in respect of 107, 550

10, 500

Osborne .

3. For expenditure in respect of the

17, 635

4, 825

royal parks and pleasure gardens -

4. For expenditure in respect of the

212, 550

38, 905

Houses of Parliament buildings -

5. For expenditure in respect of miscellaneous legal buildings, Great

77, 110

400

Britain.

6. For expenditure in respect of Art

and Science buildings, Great

84, 720

1, 285

Britain.

7. For expenditure in respect of diplo-

323, 200

12, 400

matic and consular buildings

8. For expenditure in respect of Customs and Excise, Inland Revenue, Post Office and Telegraph buildings in Great Britain, and certain Post Offices abroad, and for certain expenses in connection with boats and launches belonging

to the Customs and Excise Depart-

192, 475

5, 850

ment ----

9. For expenditure in iespect of Employment Exchange, and Insurance buildings, Great Britain

(including Ministries of Labour

1, 325, 100

1

46, 700

and Health) -

522, 200

21, 500

Carried forward - £

2, 862, 540

142, 365

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

161

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 7— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

2, 862, 540

142, 365

No.

10. Bor expenditure in respect of sundry public buildings in Great

Britain not provided for in

other Votes, including Historic

Buildings, Ancient Monuments and Brompton Cemetery

1, 605, 110

212, 500

10a. For expenditure in respect of Housing Schemes under the management of the Office of Works ----

10

131, 015

10b. For a contribution to the cost of the improvement of the approach

to the Mall.

10

11. For the expenses of the survey of Great Britain, and of minor services connected therewith

157, 345

87, 535

12. For the expense of constructing

a new harbour of refuge at

Peterhead ----

32,000

13. For rates and contributions in lieu

of rates, &c., in respect of property in the occupation of the

Crown for the Public Service,

and for rates on buildings occupied

by Representatives of British

Dominions and of Foreign Powers,

and to pay the salaries and expenses of the Rating of Government Property Department, and

a contribution towards the expenses of the London Fire Brigade

1, 818, 748

66, 200

14. For expenditure in respect of public works and buildings in Ireland -

83, 290

10, 870

Total Civii. Services, Class I. £

6, 559, 053

650, 485

SCHED. (B.)

Part 7.

Civil

Services.

Class I.

L

162

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5

sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.)—Part 8.

Past 8. _

Civil

Services.

Class II. CIVIL SERVICES.— Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1927; viz. :—

_ _

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

fo.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the offices of the House of Lords. 55, 996 4, 500

2. For the salaries and expenses of the House of Commons - - 354, 561 15,000

3. For the salaries and other expenses

in the department of His Majesty’s

Treasury and subordinate departments . 313, 382 27, 969

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home

Department and subordinate offices, including Liquidation

Expenses of the Royal Irish

Constabulary and contributions

(including certain extra-statutory payments) towards the expenses

of a system of Probation

421, 976

65, 455

5. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for Foreign

Affairs.

198, 271

111, 494

Carried forward - £

1, 344, 186

224, 418

1926.

163

Appropriation Act, 1926. Ch. 23.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

I

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward

1, 344, 186

224, 418

No.

6. For thef. salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for the

Colonies.

139, 468

1, 419

7. For the salaries and expenses of the

Department of His Majesty’s Secretary of State for Dominion

Affairs .....

46, 059

8. For a contribution towards the cost

of the department of His Majesty’s

Secretary of State for India in

Council, including a grant in aid -

86, 401

9. For the salaries and expenses of the department of His Majesty’s

most Honourable Privy Council -

10, 008

5, 250

10. For the salaries and expenses of th% office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, and subordinate departments, including certain Services arising out

of the War -

521, 191

572, 803

10a. For expenditure arising out of contracts dated 9th April 1918,

and 3rd March 1922, entered into with the Zinc Producers’ Association. Proprietary, Limited, for the purchase of Zinc Concentrates - -

525, 500

1, 790,000

t* .

Carried forward - £

2, 672, 813

2, 593, 890

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil

Services.

Class II.

164

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

Past 8.

Civil " ' .

Services. Sums not exceeding

Class II. _

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 2, 672, 813 2, 593, 890

No.

11. For the salaries and expenses of *

the Department of Overseas

Trade, including a grant in aid of the Imperial Institute - 337, 040 53, 102

12. For the salaries and expenses of certain services transferred from the Mercantile Marine Fund and other services connected with the

Mercantile Marine, including the Coastguard, General Register and Record Office of Shipping and Seamen, Merchant Seamen’s

Fund Pensions and grants to the

General Lighthouse Fund and other Lighthouse Authorities - 407, 811 283, 146

13. For the salaries and expenses of the Board of Trade, under the

Bankruptcy Act, 1914 - - 10 172, 555

14. For the salaries and expenses of the Mines Department of the •

, Board of Trade - 190, 630 6, 382

15. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries, expenses under the

Agricultural Wages (Regulation)

Act, 1924, loans to agricultural

co-operative societies, grants for

Agricultural Education and Research, grants for eradication of Tuberculosis in cattle, grants for land drainage, a grant in aid of the

Small Holdings Account, and certain other grants in aid; and of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew - 2, 009, 128 550, 905

Carried forward - £ 5, 617, 432 3, 659, 980

1920.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

165

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

puma not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

1

Brought forward -

5, 617, 432

3, 659, 980

No.

1 5a. For a subsidy on sugar and molasses manufactured from beet grown in

Great Britain ....

2, 750,000

16. For a grant in aid of the Forestry

Fund.

335,000

17. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Transport under the Ministry of Transport Act,

1919, expenses of the Railway

Rates Tribunal under the Railways Act, 1921, expenses under the London Traffic Act, 1924,

expenses in respect of advances under the Light Railways Act,

1896, expenses of maintaining

Holyhead Harbour, advances to

meet deficit in Ramsgate Harbour

Fund, and advances to Caledonian and Crinan Canals, and for expenditure in connection with the

1

technical survey for a general scheme of generation and transmission of electricity in Great

Britain and with the Severn Barrage Investigation

141, 724

152, 200

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales -

39, 289

4,000

19. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of the Govem-

. ment Chemist -

61, 175

Carried forward £

8, 944, 620

3, 816, 180

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil

Services.

Class II.

166

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B

Past 8.

' Civil

Services.

Class II.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

No.

20 .

21 .

22 .

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

29.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

Brought forward -

8, 944, 620

3, 816, 180

For the salaries and expenses of the

Civil Service Commission

61, 419

For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Comptroller and Auditor General -

151, 200

7, 145

For the salaries and expenses of the

Registry of Friendly Societies

45, 270

4, 350

For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Government

Actuary -

33, 477

2, 200

For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Control (Lunacy and

Mental Deficiency), England, and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-service mental patients (including a supplementary sum of 2, 8001.)

650, 617

12, 343

For the salaries and expenses of the Mint, including the expenses

of coinage, and for the expenses

of the preparation of medals, dies for postage and other stamps, and

His Majesty’s seals ...

150,000

4, 089,000

For the salaries and expenses of the

National Debt Office -

16, 920

13, 630

For the salaries and expenses of the

Public Record Office and of the

Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments -

37, 505

For the salaries and expenses of the establishment under the Public

Works Loan Commissioners -

10

27, 309

For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar

General of Births, &c. -

90, 350

24,000

Carried forward - £

10, 181, 388

7, 996, 157

192G.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

167

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward

No.

30. For thtj salaries and expenses of the State Management Districts,

including the salaries of the central office and the cost of acquisition and management of 10, 181, 388

7, 996, 157

licensed premises ...

31. For stationery, printing, paper,

binding, and printed books for the public service, for the salaries and expenses of the Stationery

Office, and for sundry miscellaneous services, including reports of Parliamentary Debates -

32. For the salaries and expenses in

the office of Commissioners of Crown Lands, including bonus to

100

679, 585

1, 558, 344

702, 610

Commissioner and Secretary

33. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Commissioners

of His Majesty’s Works and

27, 992

Public Buildings -

34. For His Majesty’s foreign and other

566, 460

81, 870

secret services -

35. For the salaries and expenses of 180,000

"- '

the office of the Lord Privy Seal -

36. For the salaries and expenses of the office of His Majesty’s Secretary for Scotland and subordinate offices, expenses under the

Inebriates Acts, 1879 to 1900,

expenses under the Private

Legislation Procedure (Scotland)

Act, 1899; a subsidy for steamer services to the Hebrides; and grants in respect of unemploy-

2, 820

ment schemes -

162, 609

3, 300

Carried forward - £

12, 679, 713

9, 463, 522

SCHED. (B.)

Part 8.

Civil

Services.

Class II.

1G8

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, \%2Q>. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Sched. (B.) SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 8— continued.

Part 8.

Civil

Services. Sums not exceeding

Class II. __

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - 12, 679, 713 9, 463, 522

No.

37. For the salaries and expenses of ,

the Board of Agriculture for

Scotland, including grants for agricultural education and training, loans to co-operative societies, and certain grants in aid - 583, 111 65, 886

38. For the salaries and expenses of the Fishery Board for Scotland,

including expenses of marine superintendence, loans to herring fishermen for the purchase

of drift nets, and grants in aid

of piers or quays - 65, 044 24, 833

39. For the salaries and expenses of the

General Board of Control for

Scotland and grants in respect of the maintenance of certain ex-

service mental patients - - 81, 104 500

40. For the salaries and expenses of the department of the Registrar General of Births, &c., in Scotland - 15, 043 2,000

41. For certain Northern Ireland services,

including expenditure in connection with ex-service officers and men in Northern Ireland - - 21, 540 —

SmVICE =’} £ 13, 445, 555 9, 656, 741

192G.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

169

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 9. sched. (B.)

v’Part 9.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class III. Services.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be CIass applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1927; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries of the law officers department, the salaries and expenses of the departments of His

Majesty’s Procurator - General,

and of the Solicitor for the Affairs

of His Majesty’s Treasury, and of the department of the Director of Public Prosecutions, for the costs

of prosecutions, of other legal proceedings, and of Parliamentary

Agency.

2. For certain miscellaneous legal expenses, for the salaries and expenses of Arbitrators, &c., under the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act, 1919,

for the salaries and expenses of the

War Compensation Court under the Indemnity Act, 1920, and for

a grant in aid of the expenses of the Incorporated Law Society of 197, 354

45,000

England.

3. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature and Court of Criminal

Appeal as are not charged on the

Consolidated Fund, including bonus on certain statutory salaries,

and a grant in aid, and the salaries and expenses of Pensions Appeals

50, 517

Tribunals.

402, 450

130, 960

Carried forward - - £

650, 321

175, 960

170

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil

Services.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Bart 9— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

1

Brought forward

No.

650, 321

175, 960

4. For the salaries and expenses of the office of Land Registry -

5. For the salaries and expenses of the

119, 632

office of Public Trustee -

6. For the salaries and expenses connected with the County Courts,

including bonus to County Court

10

224, 885

Judges.

7. For the salaries of the Commissioner and Assistant Commissioners of the Metropolitan Police, and of the

Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, bonus to Metropolitan

Police Magistrates, the contribution towards the expenses of the Metropolitan Police, the salaries and expenses of the Inspectors of Constabulary, and other grants in

respect of Police Expenditure, including places of detention and a

grant in aid of the Police Federa-

10

700, 245

tion.

8. For the expenses of the prisons in

6, 914, 997

210

England and Wales ...

9. For grants in respect of the maintenance of juvenile offenders in

reformatory and industrial schools,

and in auxiliary homes in England and Wales, and whilst under supervision; also for the payment of salaries and other expenses in connection with the collection of parental contributions towards the

977, 976

208, 500

maintenance of children

270, 950

20, 550

Carried forward - £

8, 933, 896

1, 330, 350

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

171

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9— continued.

Brought forward

No.

10. For the expense of the maintenance

of criminal lunatics in the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum

11. For the salaries and expenses of the

Lord Advocate’s department and other law charges, the salaries and expenses of the Courts of Law and Justice and of Pensions

Appeals Tribunals in Scotland,

and bonus on certain statutory salaries.

12. For the salaries and expenses of the office of the Scottish Land Court,

including bonus to members of the

Court.

13. For the salaries and expenses of the offices in His Majesty’s General

Register House, Edinburgh -

14. For grants in respect of Police

Expenditure and for a grant in

aid of the Police Federation in

Scotland.

15. For the salaries and expenses of the

Prison Commissioners for Scotland,

and of the prisons under their control, including the maintenance of criminal lunatics, defectives, and inmates of the State inebriate reformatory, the preparation of judicial statistics, and a grant for certain expenses connected with discharged prisoners ...

Carried forward - £

Puma not exceeding

1

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

8, 933, 896

1, 330, 350

74, 338

4, 762

83, 659

116,000

10, 610

75, 965

825,000

159, 107

26, 742

10, 162, 575

1, 477, 854

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil

Services.

Class III.

172

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 9.

Civil

Services.

Class III.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 9— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward

- 10, 162, 575.

1, 477, 864

No.

16. For the expense of the maintenance

of juvenile offenders in reformatory, industrial, and day industrial schools, and in auxiliary homes

in Scotland, including the expenses of collection of parental contributions -

70, 957

3, 500

17. For such of the salaries and expenses of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland,

and of the Land Registry of Northern Ireland, as are not charged on the Consolidated Fund,

and other expenses ...

47, 435

1, 400

18. For the salaries and expenses of the Land Purchase Commission

in Northern Ireland, including the payment of Land Purchase

Annuities in Northern Ireland and the expenses of certain Land Purchase Services in the Irish Free

State reserved as an imperial liability -

Total Civil Services, Class III. £

1, 935, 979 164, 900

12, 216, 946 1, 647, 654

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

173

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1927; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

For the salaries and expenses of the

Board of Education, and of the various establishments connected therewith, including sundry grants

in aid - -

For the salaries and other expenses

of the British Museum, and of the

Natural History Museum, includ-

44, 300,000

34, 356

ing certain grants in aid

For the salaries and expenses of the

National Gallery, and of the

National Gallery of British Art,

Millbank, including a grant in aid

303, 420

18, 465

for the purchase of pictures -

For the salaries and expenses of the

National Portrait Gallery, including a grant in aid for the purchase

29, 713

3, 650

of portraits ----

For the salaries and expenses of the

7, 886

920

Wallace Collection -

For the salaries and expenses in

respect of the London Museum,

12, 548

2, 250

Lancaster House - -

For the salaries and expenses of the

4, 498

1, 010

Imperial War Museum

12, 985

790

Carried forward - £

44, 671, 050

61, 441

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil

Services.

Class IV.

174

Cxi. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 10.

Civil

Services.

Class IV.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 10 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

£ £

Brought forward - - 44, 671, 050 61, 441

No.

8. For sundry grants in aid of scien-

tifio investigation, &c., and other grants ---- 201, 468 —

9. For the salaries and expenses of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, including the Geological Survey of Great Britain, the Museum of Practical Geology, and certain grants in aid - 442, 877 144, 018

10. For grants in aid of the expenses of certain Universities, Colleges,

Medical Schools, &e., in Great

Britain, and of the expenses under the Welsh Intermediate

Education Act, 1889 - 1, 581, 700 —

11. For public education in Scotland,

and for the Royal Scottish

Museum, Edinburgh, including

a grant in aid - - 6, 430, 342 160

12. For the salaries and expenses of the National Gallery, Scotland,

the Scottish National Portrait

Gallery, and the Museum of Antiquities, including certain grants in aid -

10, 512

168

13. For the salaries and expenses of the

National Library, Scotland, including a grant in aid -

10

4, 869

Total Civil Services, Class\

IV. - - £/

53, 337, 959

210, 656

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

175

SCHED. (B.)

Past 11.

Civil

Services.

Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1927; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

• 1. For the expenses in connection with His Majesty’s embassies,

missions, and consular establishments abroad, and other expenditure chargeable to the Consular

Vote, and for relief of refugees from the Near East, certain special grants including a grant in

aid and sundry services arising out

of the War -

2. For sundry colonial services.

1, 102, 525

595, 755

including certain grants in aid

3. For sundry Dominion services, for advances in certain cases on

account of liabilities assumed by

the government of the Irish Free

State in connection with compensation for damage to property

or with land purchase, for certain

ex gratia grants, and for expenditure in connection with ex-service

442, 699

men in the Irish Free State

4. For the expenses connected with

Oversea Settlement, including certain grants in aid and expenses arising out of the Empire Settlement Act, 1922, and the Free

Passage Scheme for ex-service

86, 593

1

42,000

men and women -

935,000

75,000

Carried forward - £

2, 666, 817

712, 755

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 11.

CIVIL SERVICES— Class V.

176

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926." 16 & 17 Gjeo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 11.

Civil

Services.

Class V.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Part 11 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward - - 2, 566, 817

No. •

5. For sundry Middle Eastern services under His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Colonies, including certain non-effective services and grants in aid .... 4, 444,000

712, 755

6. For a grant in aid of the expenses

of the League of Nations and for other expenses in connection therewith, including British

Representation before the Permanent Court of International

Justice.

78,000

7. For a grant in aid of the expenses of a system of submarine cables and wireless telegraph stations in the

West Indian Islands and British

Guiana -

10

10, 300

8 .

For a grant in aid of the Empire

Marketing Fund -

Total Civil Services, \

Class V. - - £ f

500,000

7, 588, 827

723, 055

1926.

Appropriation Act, -1926.

Ch. 23.

177

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1927; viz.:—

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil

Services.

Sums not exceeding •

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

No.

1. For superannuation, compensation,

compassionate and additional allowances and gratuities under sundry Statutes, for compassionate allowances, gratuities and supplementary pensions awarded by the

Treasury, and, under the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, by the

Civil Service Committee; and for the salary of the medical referee, &c.

2. For the expenses of pensions, compensation allowances, and gratuities awarded to retired and disbanded members and staff of the Royal Irish Constabulary, and

to widows and children of such members, including annuities to

the National Debt Commissioners

in respect of commutation of compensation allowances and certain extra statutory payments

3. For Old Age Pensions, for certain administrative expenses in connection therewith, and for pensions under the Blind Persons Act,

1920 .

Carried forward £

1, 440, 042

90, 780

704, 060

1, 242,000

29, 840,000

5,000

31, 984, 102

1, 337, 780

M

178

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Past 12.

Civil

Services.

Class VI.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 12 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

' 1

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward -

No.

4. For the Treasury Pensions Account

in accordance with the provision

of the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old

Age Contributory Pensions Act,

31, 984, 102

1, 337, 780

1925 .

5. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Pensions, and for

4,000,000

sundry contributions in respect

of the administration of the Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916,

and the War Pensions Acts, 1915

to 1921, and sundry services

6. For War pensions and allowances

(including cost of treatment) to

merchant seamen and fishermen and their dependants, and the administrative expenses connected

63, 504, 900

60,000

therewith.

7. For certain miscellaneous expenses,

including certain grants in aid and

452, 216

bonus on certain statutory salaries

8. For the salaries and other expenses

of Royal Commissions, Committees, and Special Inquiries, &c.,

including provision for Shorthand and the expenses of surplus stores.

12, 716

12,000

&c., liquidation -

9. For the salaries and expenses of the

32,000

279, 990

National Savings Committee

81, 579

■ Carried forward £

100, 067, 513

1, 689, 770

1926.

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

179

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 12— continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supp’.y

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

Brought forward -

100, 067, 513

1, 689, 770

No.

10. For certain salaries and expenses of the Imperial War Graves Commission, including purchase of land in the United Kingdom, and

a grant in aid of the Imperial War

Graves Commission Fund formed under Royal Charter, 21st May

1917, and a contribution towards

an endowment fund

1, 008, 114

11. For making good certain sums written off from the assets of the

Local Loans Fund, together with certain sums due in respect of advances in Northern Ireland

93, 025

12. For expenses under the Representation of the Poople Act, 1918

305,000

13. For a grant-in-aid of the Development Fund -

200,000

14. For a grant-in-aid of the Government

Hospitality Fund (including a

supplementary sum of £25,000) -

30,000

15. For repayment to the Civil Contingencies Fund of certain Miscellaneous advances -

24, 712

16. For defraying the liability under the

Government guarantee in respect

of any loss which may result from the holding of the British Empire 1

Exhibition -

275,000

Total Civil Services, Class VI. £

102, 003, 364

1, 689, 770

SCHED. (B.)

Part 12.

Civil

Services.

Class VI.

180

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil

Services.

Class VII.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 13.

CIVIL SERVICES.— Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March

1927; viz.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Health, including grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., in connection with Public Health Services, grants-in-aid in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health

Insurance Acts, certain expenses

in connection with the Widows’,

Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, and certain special services -

18, 117, 048

495, 206

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Scottish Board of Health, including grants and other expenses in

connection with Housing, grants

to local authorities, &c., grants

in respect of benefits and expenses of administration under the National Health Insurance

Acts, certain expenses in connection with the Widows’, Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, and certain grants-

in-aid ----

Carried forward - £

2, 728, 345 87, 973

20, 845, 393 583, 179

1926..

Appropriation Act, 1926.

Ch. 23.

181

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 13 — continued.

Sums not exceeding

Supply Grants. Appropriations in Aid.

Grants. in Aid.

Brought forward

20, 845, 393

583, 179

No. t

3. For the salaries and expenses of the Ministry of Labour and Subordinate Departments, including the contributions to the Unemployment Fund, and payments

to associations, Local Education

Authorities and others for administration under the Unemployment Insurance and Labour

Exchanges Acts; expenditure in

connection with the training of demobilised officers, non-commissioned officers and men and nurses; grants for resettlement

in civil life; and the expenses

of the Industrial Court; also expenses in connection with the

International Labour Organisation (League of Nations) including a grant in aid ...

11, 720, 135

4, 692, 303

4. For the salaries and expenses of the audit staff under the National

Health Insurance Act, 1924

165, 900

4, 500

5. For making good the deficiency

on the Income Account of the

Fund for Friendly Societies

Total Civil Services, Class VII. - £

5, 991

32, 737, 419

5, 279, 982

SCHED. (B.)

Part 13.

Civil

Services.

Class VII.

182

Ch. 23.

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Unclassified

Services.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 14.

Unclassified Services.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day of March 1927; viz. :—

i

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For grants to local authorities, &c.,

in Great Britain for assistance

in carrying out approved schemes

of useful work to relieve un-

employment -

2. For relief arising out of unemployment (including a supplementary

225,000

9 1

sum of £1, 075,000) -

3. For grants to local authorities, &c., in

England and Wales in respect of capital works approved as unem-

2, 221, 100

ployment schemes -

4. To provide for guarantees in

respect of exports of goods wholly

or partly produced or manufac-

1, 200,000

tured in the United Kingdom

5. For the salaries and expenses in con-

10

55,000

nection with Shipping Liquidation

6. For expenditure arising from the

Government control of railways

in Great Britain and Ireland under •

the Regulation of the Forces Act,

10

1, 594, 990

1871, section 16 -

7. For claims in respect of ships or

cargoes condemned as naval prize

100

402

or detained -

8. For a subvention in aid of Wages in

the Coal Mining Industry (including

23, 800

a supplementary sum of £250,000)

4 350,000

Carried forward - £

8, 020, 020

1, 650, 392

1926. Appropriation Act, 1926. Ch. 23.

SCHEDULE (B.) —Part 14 — continued.

183

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Appropriations

Grants.

in Aid.

£ .

Brought forward

No.

9. For certain expenses incurred in

setting *up and maintaining organisations for supplying the necessities

of Life and in connection with the maintenance of order during an

emergency and for grants in respect

8, 020, 020

1

1, 650, 392

of emergency police expenditure -

10. For the purchase and importation of 433,000

coal in connection with the stoppage

__ s

in the coal industry ...

3,000,000

Total Unclassified Civil Services £

11, 453, 020

1, 650, 392

SCHED. (B.)

Part 14.

Unclassified

Services.

SCHEDULE (B.)— Part 15.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS, &c.

Schedule of Sums granted, and of the sums which may be

applied as appropriations in aid in addition thereto, to

defray the charges of the several Revenue Departments,

&c., herein particularly mentioned, which will come in

course of payment during the year ending on the 31st day

of March 1927; viz. :—

Sums not exceeding

Supply

Grants.

Appropriations

in Aid.

No.

1. For the salaries and expenses of the

Customs and Excise Department -

4, 920,000

247,000

2. For the salaries and expenses of the

Inland Revenue Department

6, 864, 652

43, 725

3. For the salaries and expenses of the

Post Office, including Telegraphs and Telephones -

54, 600,000

2, 448, 212

Total Revenue Departments - £

66, 384, 652

2, 738, 937

Sched. (B.)

Part 15.

Revenue

Departments, &c.

184

Ch. 23,

Appropriation Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

SCHED. (C.)

Part I.

Navy

Services.

Section 5.

SCHEDULE (C)— Part I.

NAVY SERVICES, 1924-25.

VOTES.

Excesses.

Surpluses applied.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

3. Medical Services

5, 934 16 10

5. Educational Services -

6, 094 16 4

8. Shipbuilding Repairs,

Maintenance, &c.:—

Section II.—Materiel

236, 034 2 5

Section III. — Con-

tract Work -

89, 062 7 8

9. Naval Armaments

9, 782 5 4

11. Miscellaneous Effective

Services -

17, 737 16 4

Navy Votes generally, in-

eluding Excess Vote

690, 959 7 8

364, 646 4 11

690, 959 7 8

V.__

' _ J

-V

Net Surplus £326, 313 2 9

1926,

Appropriation Act, 1926,

Ch. 23

185

SCHED. (C.)

Part II.

SCHEDULE (C)— PART II. Air Services.

Section 5.

Am Services, 1924-25.

Votes.

1. Pay, &c., of the Air Force-

2. Quartering, Stores (except

Technical), Supplies, and

Transport -

3. Technical and Warlike

Stores (including Experimental and Research

Services)

4. Works, Buildings, and

Lands -

5. Medical Services

6. Educational Services

7. Auxiliary and Reserve

Forces -

8. Civil Aviation -

9. Meteorological and Miscellaneous Effective Services

10. Air Ministry

11. Half-Pay, Pensions, and other Non-Effective

Services

Amount written off as

Irrecoverable

186

Ch. 24.

Transfer of drainage powers to

councils of counties and county boroughs.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 17.

Land Drainage 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 24.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the drainage of agricultural land.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The powers of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (hereinafter referred to as " the Minister ")

under Part II. of the Land Drainage Act, 1918, shall be

transferred to the councils of counties and county boroughs, and accordingly that Part of that Act in its application to any county or county borough shall have effect as if for references to the Board of Agriculture and

Fisheries there were substituted references to the council

of the county or county borough:Provided that—

(a) in the case of the powers conferred by subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Land

Drainage Act, 1918, and transferred to the council of a county or a county borough by

this section, the council shall, except in case of emergency, before exercising any such powers,

give to the drainage authority in whose default they propose to exercise such powers not less than thirty days notice in writing of their intention so to do, and that if before the expiration of the period of notice the drainage authority intimate in writing to the council their objection to the exercise of the proposed powers, the council shall not exercise the same except with the consent of the Minister who may, if he thinks fit, cause a public local inquiry

to be held with respect to the objection;

(b) in the case of the powers conferred by section sixteen of the Land Drainage Act, 1918, and transferred to the council of a county or

county borough by this section, where a draft scheme has been prepared by the council of a county or county borough in pursuance thereof, and the owners of one-half or more of 1926.

Land Drainage

Act, 1926.

Ch. 24.

187

the land comprised within the area to which the draft scheme relates have duly presented objections thereto and have not withdrawn the same, the council shall before settling the scheme cause a public local enquiry to be held with reference to the scheme.

(2) Section seventeen of the said Act is hereby repealed.

2.—(1) Where any drain within the meaning of Mainten-

this section is in such a condition that the proper flow aoce of of water is impeded, then, unless the condition of the drains > &Ci

drain is attributable to the subsidence of surface due to

mining operations, it shall be the duty of the person having control of the drain, or of the part thereof where the impediment occurs, to put the drain or such part thereof in proper order if by reason of such impediment agricultural land belonging to or in the occupation of some other person is injured by water, or in danger of being so injured.

(2) Where the council of a county or county borough are of opinion that by reason of the act or default of any person any such drain within the county or county borough is in such a condition that the proper flow of water is impeded and that by reason of the condition

of the drain agricultural land belonging to or in the occupation of some other person is injured by water or is in

danger of being so injured, the council may serve upon the person by whose act or default such flow is impeded notice requiring him to put the drain or any part thereof in proper order: Provided that no such notice shall

be given in any case where the works required can conveniently be dealt with by a scheme under section sixteen

of the Land Drainage Act, 1918, as amended by this Act.

(3) Subject to the right of appeal hereinafter contained, it shall be the duty of every person upon whom any such notice has been served within two months of the date of the service of the notice to comply with the requirements of the notice.

(4) Any person upon whom any such notice has been served may within twenty-one days from the date

of the service of the notice either—

(a) complain to a court of summary jurisdiction on

any of the grounds hereinafter mentioned; or

188

Ch. 24.

Land Drainage

Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(b) by notice in writing addressed to the clerk of the council require that any question, being a

matter on which he might complain to a court of summary jurisdiction, shall be referred to the arbitration of a single arbitrator to be appointed

in default of agreement by the President of the

Surveyors’ Institution.

(5) The grounds upon which any such person may

so complain to a court of summary jurisdiction are all or

any of the following :—

(a) that the service on him of the notice is not authorised by this section;

(b) that the condition of the drain is not due to any act or default on his part;

(c) that the notice cannot reasonably be enforced against him having regard to any or all of the following considerations, namely—

(i) the nature and extent of the land in

respect of which his liability arises, and the extent to which such land abuts on the drain

or the part thereof to which the notice relates;

(ii) the extent and nature of his estate or

interest in any such land;

(iii) the expenses which would be involved

in complying with the notice.

(6) Any person upon whom any such notice has been served and who alleges that the condition of the drain is attributable to the subsidence of surface due to

mining operations may, within twenty-one days from the date of the service of the notice, by notice in writing addressed to the clerk of the council require such allegation to be referred to the arbitration of a single arbitrator to be appointed in default of agreement by

the President of the Institution of Civil Engineers.

(7) The court of summary jurisdiction or arbitrator may either confirm or annul the notice to which the complaint or reference relates, or vary any requirement thereof.

(8) If either party is aggrieved by the decision of a court of summary jurisdiction on a complaint under this section, he may appeal to a court of quarter sessions,

and on any such appeal the court of quarter sessions

1926.

Land Drainage

Act, 1926.

Ch. 24.

189

shall have power to make any order which the court of summary jurisdiction might have made.

(9) If within two months after the service of a notice under this section, or in the case of a complaint or appeal

or a reference to arbitration under this section, within two months after the confirmation or variation of the notice, the requirements contained in the notice or in the notice as varied, as the case may be, are not complied with, the council may, if they think fit, execute the necessary works and recover the expenses thereof from the person fin default summarily as a civil debt.

Where several persons are in default, the council may apportion amongst them the expenses incurred by

the council in such manner as they think just, but the court before which proceedings for the recovery of any apportioned part of the expenses are instituted may, if

they think fit, vary the apportionment.

(10) Nothing in this section shall affect the right of an owner or occupier to recover from the other under the terms of any lease or other contract for the time being in force the amount of any expenses incurred by

him under the foregoing provisions of this section or

recovered from him by the council.

(11) Where a local authority have powers vested in

them for securing the proper flow of water in any drain under their jurisdiction, the county council, except by

agreement with the local authority, shall not exercise their powers under this section in relation to the drain unless after reasonable notice from the council the local authority have made default in the proper exercise of such powers as aforesaid.

(12) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" drain " includes any stream, ditch, drain, cut, culvert,

dyke, or sluice:Provided that where any drain as so

defined is under the jurisdiction of a drainage authority,

a board of conservators or an inland navigation authority,

which is exercising its powers, this section shall not apply to the drain except with the consent of the authority or board.

(13) This section shall have effect as if it formed part of Part II. of the Land Drainage Act, 1918.

3.—(1) The expenses of a council under this Act, Provisions

so far as they are not defrayed out of moneys recovered 88

councils.

190

Ch. 24.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 41.

Powers of entry on

land.

Land Drainage 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

by the council in accordance with this Act, shall be

defrayed—

(a) in the case of the council of a county, out of the county fund as expenses for general county purposes, or if and so far as the council think fit, as expenses for special county purposes,

charged on such parts of the county as the council think fit; and

(b) in the case of the council of a county borough out of the borough fund or borough rate:

Provided always that the expenses referred to in

tins section and incurred in connection with this Act

shall not exceed in amount the sum which would be

produced by a rate of one penny in the pound levied over the county or county borough.

(2) The council of a county or county borough may borrow for the purposes of this Act—

(a) in the case of a county, in accordance with the

Local Government Act, 1888;

(b) in the case of a county borough, in accordance with the Public Health Acts, 1875 to 1925.

(3) The council of a county or county borough may delegate, with or without restrictions, to the agricultural committee of the council any of their powers and duties under this Act, and the agricultural committee may delegate with or without restrictions to a sub-committee

of the said agricultural committee any of their powers and duties under this Act.

(4) The councils of two or more counties or county boroughs may combine for the purposes of the joint exercise of any powers conferred on them by or under this Act, and may for that purpose appoint a joint committee, consisting of members of the agricultural committees of such respective councils, and may agree as

to the proportions in which the several councils represented on the joint committee are to contribute towards the expenses thereof.

4. Any person authorised in that behalf by the council of a county or county borough for the purpose

of carrying their powers under this Act into effect may,

after notice in writing to the occupier and on production,

if so required of his authority, enter on and inspect any land.

If any person prevents or obstructs the entry for the purpose aforesaid upon any land of any person

1926.

Land Drainage

Act, 1926.

Ch. 24.

191

authorised under this section, he shall be liable on

summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

5. Notices required or authorised to be served under Service of this Act by the council of a county or county borough notices,

may be served by registered post or by delivering the same to or at the residence of the person to whom they are addressed, or, where addressed to the owner or

occupier of premises, by delivering the same or a copy thereof to some person on the premises, or if there is no

person on the premises who can be served, by fixing the same on some conspicuous part of the premises.

6. —(1) The council of a county or county borough Amendment acting under this Act shall be deemed to be a drainage of 8 & 9

authority for the purposes of section five of the Land Geo. 5. c. 17.

Drainage Act, 1918, which enables local authorities to 8 - 6 -

contribute to the expenses of the execution or maintenance of drainage works by a drainage authority.

(2) The making of contributions under that section

as so amended shall be a purpose for which a local authority may borrow under the Public Health Acts,

1875 to 1925.

7. The powers conferred on councils of counties and Saving of county boroughs by or in pursuance of this Act shall be existing

in addition to and not in derogation of any other powers Prepossessed by any such councils independently of this Act: Provided that, where by any local Act powers are conferred on the council of any county or county borough similar to the powers conferred by this Act and such local Act contains provisions for the protection of any authorities, companies or persons, those provisions shall apply in relation to the exercise by the council of the powers under this Act in like manner as they apply

in relation to the exercise of the powers under the local

Act.

8. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Land Short title

Drainage Act, 1926, and shall be construed as one with and c °m-

the Land Drainage Act, 1918, and that Act and this mencemei »t.

Act may be cited together as the Land Drainage Acts,

1918 and 1926.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-six.

192-

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Definition

of " petroleum " and

" petroleum spirit."

34 & 35 Vict,

c. 105.

Amendmen t

as to verifi cation and stamping

of testing apparatus.

CHAPTER 25.

An Act to amend the Petroleum Acts, . 1871

and 1879.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, *

as follows:—

1.—(1) Section three of the Petroleum Act, 1871,

shall cease to have effect, and that Act shall have effect

as if the expression "petroleum spirit " were therein substituted for the expression "petroleum to which this Act applies " wherever that expression occurs.

(2) For the purposes of the Petroleum Acts, 1871

and 1879, and of this Act unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to say—

" petroleum " includes crude petroleum, oil made from petroleum, or from coal, shale, peat or

other bituminous substances, and other products of petroleum; and

" petroleum spirit" means such petroleum as when tested in the manner set forth in the First

Schedule to this Act gives off an inflammable vapour at a temperature of less than seventy-

three degrees Fahrenheit.

2. Apparatus for testing petroleum stamped by

the Board of Trade in accordance with the provisions

of section three of the Petroleum Act, 1879, shall not

be deemed to have been verified by the Board unless—

(a) it has been stamped within ten years; and

(6) no part of the apparatus has been materially altered, repaired, or replaced since the apparatus was last stamped.

1926. Petroleum Act, 1926. Cnr. 25.

3. Subject as hereinafter, provided, the provisions contained in the First 'Schedule to. this Act shall have effect irt lieu of the provisions contained in the First

Schedule to the Petroleum Act, 1879 (which relate to

the mode of testing petroleum), and references in the

Petroleum Acts, 1871 and 1879, to the First Schedule

to those Acts respectively shall be construed as references

to the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that—

(a) apparatus made in accordance with the specification contained hi the First Schedule to

the Petroleum Act, 1879, may be verified and stamped by the Board of Trade in accordance with the provisions of section three of that

Act as originally enacted, so, however, that

no such apparatus shall be so verified and stamped after the expiration of a period of two years from the commencement of this Act unless it has been previously verified and stamped before the expiration of that period; and

(b) petroleum tested in manner provided by

Part II. of the First Schedule to this Act

by means of apparatus made in accordance with the specification contained in the First

Schedule to the Petroleum Act, 1879, which has been verified and stamped by the Board,

shall, subject to the provisions of this Act

relating to the verification and stamping of apparatus, be deemed to have been tested

in the manner set forth in the First Schedule

to this Act.

4. Section eleven of the Petroleum Act, 1871

(which empowers an officer of the local authority to

purchase petroleum from any dealer in it, to require the dealer to show him any place or vessel in which petroleum in his possession is kept and give him samples

of such petroleum, and to cause any samples so taken

to be tested and any petroleum which is found to be

petroleum spirit to be certified as such), and section twelve of the said Act (which imposes penalties on a

dealer who refuses to comply with any such requirement

N

193

Amendment

aa to

method of testing of petroleum.

Extension of 34 & 35 Vict,

c. 105,

ss. ] 1 & 12,

to persons keeping petroleum for the purposes of trade or

industry.

194

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Byelaws as

to the loading and carriage of petroleum spirit in

ships.

28 & 29 Vict,

c. 125.

as aforesaid or who fails to give assistance to or obstructs any such officer or the local authority), shall apply with respect to any person who keeps petroleum for the purposes of any trade or industry carried on by him,

as those sections apply with respect to a dealer in petroleum, and accordingly references in each of the said sections to a " dealer " shall be construed to include references to any person who keeps petroleum for such purposes as aforesaid.

5. — (1) The byelaws as to ships carrying petroleum required to be made and confirmed under section four of the Petroleum Act, 1871, shall include byelaws as to the loading of ships with petroleum spirit and generally as

to the precautions to be observed with respect to ships carrying petroleum spirit whilst in harbour.

(2) Until byelaws made under the said section four as amended by this section come into force, any byelaws in force at the commencement of this Act with respect to the landing of petroleum spirit, shall, so far as

applicable, apply with the necessary modifications to the loading of ships with petroleum spirit.

(3) If it appears to the Admiralty that byelaws under the said section four ought to be made with respect to any place within the limits of a dockyard port as defined by the Dockyard Port Regulation Act,

1865, but that there is no harbour authority competent

to make byelaws with respect to that place, the Admiralty may make byelaws with respect thereto, and the said section four shall apply accordingly subject to the modifications that the provisions thereof as to the submission

of byelaws to the Minister of Transport and the confirmation thereof by him, and as to the publication of byelaws, shall not apply as respects any byelaws made

by the Admiralty, and any byelaws so made shall come into force without confirmation and shall be published in

such manner as the Admiralty think proper.

(4) In the event of a failure to comply with or of a contravention of the requirements of any byelaw in

force under the said section four as amended by this section, the owner and master of any ship in or in

relation to which the failure or contravention occurs,

and, except in the case of a failure or contravention in

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25.

195

respect of the mooring of a ship, the owner of any petroleum spirit in respect of which the failure or contravention occurs, shall be guilty of an offence under this section and shall in respect of each such offence, be

liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, or, in the case of a continuing offence, not exceeding fifty pounds for every day on which the offence is committed or continued:

Provided that it shall be a good defence to proceedings for an offence under this section to prove—

(a) if £he proceedings are against the owner or

master of a ship for an offence in respect of the landing or loading of petroleum spirit, that all reasonable means were taken by the master to

prevent the commission of the offence, and that the offence was not caused or facilitated by

any act or neglect on the part of the owner or

of any person engaged or employed by the owner or master; and

(b) if the proceedings are against the owner of petroleum spirit for an offence in respect of the landing or loading thereof, or in respect of any failure to observe precautions required to be

observed with respect to ships carrying petroleum spirit whilst in harbour, that the offence was not caused or facilitated by any act or

neglect on his part or on the part of any person engaged or employed by him.

(5) If it appears to a harbour master or to any person acting under the orders of a harbour authority that any ship or any petroleum spirit is in a place in

which it ought not, in accordance with any such byelaws

as aforesaid to be, he may cause it to be removed so as

to be in conformity with the byelaws, and all expenses incurred by the harbour authority in connection with any such removal may be recovered summarily as a civil debt from the owner of the ship or of the petroleum spirit, as the case may be.

6.—(1) Any person who keeps, sends, conveys,

sells or exposes for sale any petroleum spirit in contravention of section six of the Petroleum Act, 1871, shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding five pounds.

Penalties for contravention of 34 & 35 Vict,

c. 105. as. 6

and 7.

196

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provisions

as to

conditions attached to

licences.

Fees payable for licences.

(2) The occupier of any premises in which petroleum spirit is kept in contravention of section seven of the

Petroleum Act, 1871, shall he liable on summary conviction to fine not exceeding twenty pounds for each day on which the contravention continues.

(3) A court before whom any person is convicted

in respect of a contravention of the provisions of section six or seven of the Petroleum Act, 1871, may order that the petroleum spirit in respect of which the offence was committed and any vessel in which it is contained be

forfeited or otherwise dealt with in such manner as they think fit. *

7. — (1) If any person to whom a licence is granted under the Petroleum Act, 1871, contravenes any condition of the licence he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds for each day on which the contravention continues.

(2) Where conditions to be observed by persons employed are attached to any licence granted under the

Petroleum Act, 1871, the occupier of the premises to

which the licence relates shall cause to be kept posted

on the premises in such form and in such position as to

be easily read by the persons employed on the premises

a notice setting out those conditions, and—

(a) if the occupier of any premises fails to comply with the foregoing requirements of this subsection he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding five pounds for each day

on which the failure continues; and

(b) if any person pulls down, injures or defaces any notice posted in accordance with the requirements of this subsection he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding five pounds; and

(c) if any person employed contravenes any condition of which notice has been given in accordance with the requirements of this subsection he shall for each offence be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding five pounds.

8. In respect of every licence granted by a local authority under section seven or by a Secretary of State under section ten of the Petroleum Act, 1871, fees shall

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25.

197

be payable annually by the person to whom the licence

is granted to the local authority or to the Secretary of State, as the case may be, in accordance with the scale set out in the Second Schedule to this Act, or such lower scale as the Secretary of State may with the consent of the Treasury prescribe by regulations.

9. The provisions of the Explosives Act, 1875, Application set out in the Third Schedule to this Act with the of certain modifications necessary for their application to petroleum spirit, are as so set out hereby incorporated with this Act. c 17 lc ’

10. All byelaws made by the Admiralty under this Byelaws

Act and all regulations made by the Secretary of State a yd reguia-

as to the conveyance of petroleum spirit by road shall I*? 1 ! 8 . to

be laid before each House of Parliament as soon as Parliament may be after they are made, and, if an Address is

presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent forty days on which that

House has sat next after any such byelaw or regulation

is laid before it, praying that the byelaw or regulation may be annulled, it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of any new byelaw or

regulation.

11.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Petroleum Short title,

Act, 1926, and the Petroleum Acts, 1871 and 1879, citation,

and this Act may be cited together as the Petroleum construe.

Acte, 1871 to 1926.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the Petroleum Act, 1871, and the Petroleum Act, 1879, shall be construed as references

to those Acts as amended by this Act, and this Act shall

be construed as one with those Acts.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(4) The enactments specified in the Fourth Schedule

to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned

in the third column of that Schedule.

198

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5

Section 3.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Test Apparatus to be used and mode of testing

Petroleum therewith so as to ascertain the

Temperature at which it will give off Inflammable Vapour.

Part I.

Specification of the Test Apparatus.

General.

The apparatus to be employed shall be the Abel Petroleum

Testing Apparatus or the Abel apparatus modified by having an

oil cup provided with a stirrer. It shall be constructed to the dimensions herein specified within the limits of accuracy prescribed by the tolerances set forth below.

The Oil Cup.

The oil cup .consists of a cylindrical vessel open at the top and fitted on the outside with a flat circular flange projecting

at right angles.

Within the cup, fixed through the wall and silver soldered

or brazed in place, there is a gauge consisting of a piece of wire bent upwards and terminating in a point.

Material. Brass or Gun-metal.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Cup, wall and bottom thickness -

17 B.W.G.

, internal diameter ....

2"

±0-05"

, internal depth.

2-2 ’

±0-05 '

Flange, thickness.

17 B.W.G.

, width ......

0-5 '

±0-05"

, distance of upper side from top edge

0-375"

±0-05 '

of cup.

Gauge, thickness, not less than -

10 I.W.G.

, distance of point from level of upper

0-7"

±0-005"

edge of cup.

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25:

199

The Cover.

The cup is provided with a close-fitting cover with a downward projecting rim barely reaching the flange on the cup. The

downward projecting rim is made solid with the top or silver soldered or brazed in place. Upon the cover are mounted a thermometer socket, trunnions to support an oil-test lamp, a pair of guides in which a slide moves, and a white bead. The top of the cover is pierced by three rectangular holes symmetrically placed

on a diameter, one in the centre and the other two as close as

practicable to the inner sides of the cover-rim and opposite each other. These three holes are covered or uncovered by means

of a slide moving in suitably disposed guides. The slide has two perforations, one corresponding in all particulars to the centre hole in the cover and the other to one of the holes at the side.

The movement of the slide is restricted by suitable stops, and its length and the disposition of the holes are such, that at the outer extremity of the movement of the slide, the holes in the cover are simultaneously just completely opened and at the inner extremity of the movement of the slide they are completely closed.

The trunnions supporting the test lamp are fixed on the top

of the guides and the lamp is mounted in the trunnions so that

it is free to oscillate. The lamp is provided with a jet to contain

a wick and is so arranged that when the slide is moved so as to

uncover the holes, the oscillating lamp is caught by a pin fixed in

the slide and tilted over the central hole in such a way that the lower edge of the cover bisects the circle formed by the bore of the jet when in the lowest position. The flame then occupies a

central position within the hole in both directions.

A suitably mounted gas-jet may be substituted for the lamp.

The thermometer socket is in the form of a split tube, mounted

on a diameter at right angles to the diameter through the centres of the holes, and fitted at such an angle as to bring the bulb of the thermometer, when in place, vertically below the centre of the cover and at the correct distance from it.

A white bead, the dimensions of which represent the size of test flame to be used, is mounted in a visible position on the cover.

Materials. All parts excepting bead, brass or gun-metal.

Bead, ivory or other suitable material.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Cover, thickness ... -

0 05 '

+0 015 '

, central hole, length (in direc-

0-5"

±0-005 '

tion of slide).

, width

O’4 '

±0-005 '

, peripheral holes length (in

02 '

±0 005 '

direction of slide).

width

O'3 '

±0-005 '

1st Sch.

— cont.

200

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

1st Sob.

— cont.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Slide, thickness -

20 B.W.G.

, width of upper surface

0-5"

+001"

(excess only).

Lamp. Overall length of jet

Approx. 0-6 '

To suit the requirements for the position of jet when tilted.

, Bore of jet at end -

00625"

±0-005"

Bead. Diameter ...

0-15"

±0-01"

Thermometer Socket:

C

Internal diameter...

0-6"

±0-01"

Length of short side measured from under surface of cover.

Approx. 0 5"

Length of long side measured from under surface of cover.

Approx. 0-75"

i

Distance of centre of socket from centre of cover measured on the underside.

These dimensions are subject

to the correct placing of the thermometer when in

position.

Approx. 0‘7"

Vertical depth of lowest part

of thermometer below centre

of under-side of cover.

1-5"

±0-1"

Cover fitted with stirrer.

Provision may be made in the cover for the reception of a

stirrer which projects into the oil cup, for use with viscous materials only.

A bush is mounted on the cover in a position diametrically opposite the thermometer mounting and its length is such and it

is set at such an angle that the stirrer rod clears the oil-level gauge and the blades operate below the level of and without fouling the thermometer bulb. The bush is placed as near as

practicable to the outer edge of the cover.

The stirrer consists of a round stem having four blades or

vanes silver soldered in place at one end. A collar is fixed on the stem so that when the stem is inserted into the bush from below,

it is arrested at a position such that the correct length protrudes into the oil cup. The top end of the stem is reduced and screwed.

A long sleeve having an internally screwed, knurled knob soldered to its upper end, is passed over the upper end of the stem and screwed home. The length of the sleeve is such that a flatfaced collar at its lower end just comes into contact with the upper end of the bush, leaving the stirrer free to rotate without appreciable vertical play.

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25.

201

A flat-headed cylindrical plug is provided for insertion in

the bush when the stirrer is not in use.

Material. Brass or Gun-metal.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Stem, length overall.

4"

±01 '

, , Lower end to point of attach-

Approx. 0-1"

ment of blades.

, , Lower end to upper surface of 1-9"

±01"

collar.

, , Upper surface of collar to

2 "

±0-1"

lower end of thread.

., , Diameter of stem ...

Approx. 0-125"

, , , of collar-

Approx. 0 25"

, Thread ----

7 B.A.

Blades, Thickness .....

17 B.W.G.

, Length excluding root -

0-5"

±0-01 *

, Breadth (all corners of blades rounded).

5 »

(0-3125").

±0-01 '

, Blade angle.

Approx. 45°

Sleeve. Length, to suit stem; giving free

rotation with no appreciable vertical play when screwed home.

Diameter of bore.

Sliding fit on

stem.

Diameter of collar.

Approx. 0-25 '

Healing Vessel.

The heating vessel or bath consists of two flat-bottomed cylindrical copper vessels placed coaxially one inside the other and soldered at their tops to a flat copper ring, greater in outside diameter than the larger vessel and of smaller inside diameter than the smaller vessel. The space between the two vessels is

thus totally enclosed and is used as a water jacket.

An ebonite or fibre ring of right-angle section is fitted into the hole in the centre of the flat ring forming the top of the bath and, when the apparatus is in use, the oil cup fits into, and its flange rests upon, this ebonite or fibre ring so that the oil cup is centrally disposed within the heating vessel. The ebonite

or fibre ring is secured in place by means of six small screws having their heads sunk below the surface of the ring, to avoid metallic contact between the bath and the oil cup.

A split socket, similar to that on the cover of the oil cup,

but set vertically, allows a thermometer to be inserted into the water-space. A funnel and overflow pipe also communicate with

1st Sch.

— cont.

202

1st Sch.

— cont.

Ch. 25. Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

the water-space thro.ugh the top plate and two loop handles are provided thereon.

Dimension.

Tolerance.

Inner vessel:

Thickness ...

24 B.W.G.

Internal diameter

3 '

±0-05 '

Internal depth -

2-5"

±0-05 '

Outer vessel:

Thickness, not les3 than -

24 B.W.G.

Internal diameter

5-5"

±o-r

Internal depth -

5-75 '

±0-1"

Top plate:

Thickness, not less than -

20 B.W.G.

Outer flange projection -

0-375 '

±o-r

Diameter of central hole -

To suit ebonite or

fibre ring. Clearance not to exceed 0-1".

Ebonite or fibre ring:

Easy fit on oil cup

Internal diameter

External diameter of flange

2-75 '

±0-02 '

Overall depth of spigot -

0-25 '

±0-02 '

Thickness, flange and spigot

0-08 '

±0-005 '

Screws, C.S.

8 B.A. x 0-15"

Thermometer socket:

Internal diameter

0-6 '

±0-01 '

Height from top of plate -

0-75"

±0-05 '

The bath rests upon a cast-iron tripod stand, to the ring of which is attached a cylindrical copper jacket not less than

24 B.W.G. flanged inwards at the top, and of such dimensions that the bath, while resting firmly on the iron ring, just touches with its outward projecting flange the inward-turned flange of the jacket. Two handles are provided on the outer jacket.

Diameter of the outer jacket 6-5 inches ±0*1 inches.

Spirit Lamp.

A spirit lamp is provided for raising the temperature of the water bath, but any other means approved by the Board of Trade may be employed for this purpose.

Thermometers.

Two thermometers are provided with the apparatus, the one for ascertaining the temperature of the bath, the other for determining the flashing point.

1926.

Type -

Length

Stem -

Bulb -

Range -

4

Immersion -

Graduation -

Marking

Type -

Length

Stem -

Bulb -

Range -

Immersion ■

Petroleum Act, 1926. Ch. 25.

Oil Cup Thermometer.

Mercury in glass, nitrogen filled, graduated on

the stem, enamel back.

Approximately 9 inches.

Diameter 0*24 inches to 0-28 inches.

Spherical: made of a normal glass approved by

the Board of Trade.

Diameter, 0 35 inches ± 0 05 inches.

50° F. to 150° F. with expansion chamber.

Distance from the bottom of the bulb to the

50° fine 2-75 inches to 3-15 inches. Distance from the 50° line to the 150° line not less than

4-75 inches.

A swelling is made in the stem to ensure that the thermometer shall be fixed in its brass collar so that the distance from the top of the collar to the bottom of the bulb is 2-25 inches

±0*05 inches.

Scale graduated in 1° F. divisions. Every 5° and

10° to be indicated by longer lines. .Figured at

every 10° in full.

" Abel Oil Cup ":Identification number:" Fahrenheit ":Maker’s or Vendor’s name or trade mark.

Water Bath Thermometer.

Mercury in glass, nitrogen filled, graduated on

the stem, enamel back.

Approximately 9 inches.

Diameter, 0-24 inches to 0*28 inches.

Cylindrical: made of a normal glass approved by

the Board of Trade. Length approximately

0-8 inches. Diameter not to exceed the diameter of the stem.

90° F. to 190° F. with expansion chamber. Distance from the bottom of the bulb to the 90°

fine 3 95 inches to 4-35 inches. Distance from the 90° line to the 190° line not less than 3-55

inches.

A swelling is made in the stem to ensure that the thermometer shall be fixed in its brass collar

so that the distance from the top of the collar to the bottom of the bulb is 3 5 inches

±0-1 inches.

203

1st Sch.

— cont.

204

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Graduation - Scale graduated in 1° F. divisions. Every 5° and

10° to be indicated by longer lines. Figured at

every 10° in full.

Marking - " Abel Water Bath ":Identification number:

" Fahrenheit ":Maker’s or Vendor’s name or

trade mark.

The brass collar of the thermometer is in each case of the following dimensions :—

Outside diameter - push fit in socket.

Thickness of tube - 22 B.W.G.

Thickness of flange - 0-1 inches. ± 0-001 inches.

Note .—A model apparatus is deposited at the Standards

Department of the Board of Trade.

Bart II.

Method of applying the Flashing Test.

1. The test apparatus shall be placed for use in a position where it is not exposed to currents of air or draughts.

2. The heating vessel or water-bath shall be filled by

pouring water into the funnel until it begins to flow out at the spout of the vessel. The temperature of the water at the beginning of the test shall be 130° Fahrenheit and no

heat shall be applied to the water-bath during the test. When

a test has been completed and it is desired to make another test the water-bath shall be again raised to 130° F. which may conveniently be done while the petroleum cup is being emptied,

cooled and refilled with a fresh sample to be tested. The next test is then proceeded with.

3. If an oil test-lamp is being used it shall be prepared

by fitting it with a piece of flat plaited candle-wick, and filling it with colza or rape-oil up to the lower edge of the opening of the spout or wick tube. The lamp shall be trimmed

so that when lighted it gives a flame of about 0-15 of an inch diameter, and this size of flame, which is represented by the projecting white bead on the cover of the oil-cup is readily maintained by simple manipulation from time to time with

a small wire trimmer. A gas test-lamp may be employed, and

if so, the size of the jet of flame shall be adjusted to the size laid down above.

4. The bath having been raised to the proper temperature,

the cup shall be placed on a level surface in a good light and the oil to be tested shall be poured into it, until the level of the liquid just reaches the point of the gauge which is fixed in the cup.

Before a test is begun the temperature of the oil shall be

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25.

205

determined and shall be brought to approximately 60° F. The

cover, with the slide closed, shall then be put on to the cup and pressed down so that its edge rests on the rim of the cup, and the cup shall be placed into the bath or heating vessel, every care being taken to avoid wetting the sides of the cup with the oil. The thermometer in the lid of the cup has been adjusted

so as to have the correct immersion when the brass collar of the thermometer is properly seated, and its position shall not

in any circumstances be altered. When the cup has been placed

in the proper position, the scale of the thermometer faces the operator.

5. The test-lamp shall then be placed in position upon the lid of the cup. When the temperature has reached 66° F. the operation of testing shall be begun, the test flame being applied once for every rise of one degree, in the following manner :—

The slide shall be slowly drawn open while a metronome,

set at 75 to 80 beats per minute, beats three times and shall be

closed during the fourth beat. A pendulum of 24 inches effective length may be used in place of the metronome, counting one beat from one extremity of the swing to the other.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Fees payable m respect of Licences to keep

Petroleum Spirit.

Fee

payable.

respect of a licence to keep a

quantity:—

s.

d.

Not exceeding 100 gallons

- 0

5

0

Exceeding 100 gallons, not exceeding 500 gallons

- 0

10

0

, 500,

99

1,000 ,

- 0

15

0

, i.oooo ,

99

5,000 ,

- 1

0

0

, 5,000 ,

99

10,000 ,

- 2

0

0

, 10,000 ,

99

20,000 ,

- 3

0

0

, 20,000 ,

99

50,000 ,

- 4

0

0

Exceeding 50,000 gallons

- 5

0

0

Note .—In the case of a solid substance for which by

virtue of an Order in Council made under section fourteen of the Petroleum Act, 1871, a licence is required to be granted under the said Act, the fee payable under this Schedule shall

be calculated as if ten pounds weight of the substance were equivalent to one gallon.

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 8.

206

Cil 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Section 9.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Explosives Act, 1875, incorporated with Modifications.

s. 37.)

Regulations 1. The Secretary of State may make regulations as to the

as to convey- conveyance of petroleum spirit by road, and in particular for ancebyroad declaring or regulating any of the following matters; that is to

(Explosives .

Act 1875 " a y>

~ ' (1) Regulating the description and construction of carriages

to be used in the conveyance by road of petroleum spirit; and

(2) Prohibiting or subjecting to conditions and restrictions the conveyance by road of petroleum spirit with any explosive, or with any articles or substances, or in

passenger carriages; and

(3) Fixing the quantity of petroleum spirit which may be

conveyed at one time or in one carriage; and

(4) Determining the precautions to be observed in conveying petroleum spirit by road, and in loading and unloading the carriages used in the conveyance thereof, and the time during which the petroleum spirit may be

kept during such conveyance, loading and unloading

as aforesaid; and

(5) Providing for the publication and supply of copies of the regulations; and

(6) Generally for protecting, whether by means similar to

those above mentioned or not, persons or property from danger; and

(7) Adapting on good cause being shown the regulations in

force under this section to the circumstances of any particular locality; and

(8) Providing for the enforcement of the regulations in any district by the local authority having power in that district to grant licences to keep petroleum spirit.

The penalties to be annexed to any breach, or attempt to

commit any breach, of any regulations made under this section

shall be recovered in manner directed by the Summary Jurisdiction Acts and may be all or any of the following penalties, and may be imposed on such persons and graduated in such manner as

may be deemed just, according to the gravity of the offence, and according as it may be a first, second or other subsequent offence,

that is to say, pecuniary penalties not exceeding twenty pounds for each offence, and ten pounds for each day during which the breach continues, and forfeiture of all or any part of the petroleum spirit in respect of which, or being in the carriage in respect of which, the breach of regulation has taken place.

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25.

207

2. Whenever any accident which occasions loss of life or

personal injury occurs by explosion or by fire in or about or in

connection with any licensed premises, the occupier of the premises shall if the explosion or fire involved petroleum spirit forthwith send or cause to be sent to the Secretary of State notice of the accident and of the loss of life or personal injury.

A notice of any accident of which notice is sent in pursuance of this section need not be sent to any inspector of factories.

Where, in, about, or in connexion with any carriage, ship,

or boat either conveying petroleum spirit, or on or from which petroleum spirit is being loaded or unloaded, any accident which occasions loss of life or personal injury occurs by explosion or by

fire, the owner or master of the carriage, ship or boat shall

if the explosion or fire involved petroleum spirit forthwith send

or cause to be sent to the Secretary of State notice of the accident and of the loss of life or personal injury, but this provision shall not apply where the petroleum spirit carried or

loaded on, or unloaded from, the carriage, ship or boat is or

was for use only on that carriage, ship or boat or in any case

in which such notice as aforesaid is by law required to be sent

to some other Government department.

Every such occupier, owner, or master as aforesaid who fails to comply with this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

3. The Secretary of State may direct an inquiry to be made

by a Government inspector into the cause of any accident of which notice is required by this Act to be given to the Secretary

of State, and where it appears to the Secretary of State either before or after the commencement of any such inquiry, that a

more formal investigation of the accident, and of the causes and circumstances thereof, is expedient, the Secretary of State may

by order direct a formal investigation to be held, and with respect to inquiries and investigations made or held under this Act the following provisions shall have effect :—

(1) The Secretary of State may, by the 6ame or any subsequent order, appoint any person or persons possessing legal or special knowledge to assist the

Government inspector in holding a formal investigation, or may direct the county court judge, stipendiary magistrate, metropolitan police magistrate, or other person or persons named in the order, to hold such

an investigation with the assistance of a Government inspector or any other assessor or assessors named in

the order:

(2) The persons holding any formal investigation (in this section referred to as the court) shall hold it in open court in such manner and under such conditions as they

3rd Soh.

— com.

Notice to be

given of accidents.

(Explosives

Act, 1875,

s. 63.)

Inquiry into accidents and formal investigation

of any serious case.

(Explosives

Act, 1875,

s. 66.)

208

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

may think most effectual for ascertaining the causes and circumstances of the accident, and for enabling them to make the report in this section mentioned:

(3) The court shall have for the purpose of the investigation all the powers of a court of summary jurisdiction when acting as a court in hearing informations for offences against this Act, and shall have all the powers of a Government inspector under this Act, and

in addition the following powers, namely—

(a) They may enter and inspect any place or

building the entry or inspection whereof appears to

them requisite for the said purpose; t

(b) They may by summons under their hands require the attendance of all such persons as they think fit to call before them and examine for the said purpose, and may for the said purpose require

to be furnished to them answers or returns to such inquiries as they think fit to make;

(c) They may require the production of all books,

papers, and documents which they consider important for the said purpose;

(d) They may administer an oath, and require any person examined to make and sign a declaration

of the truth of the statements made by him in his examination:

(4) Persons attending as witnesses before the court shall

be allowed such expenses as would be allowed to

witnesses attending before a court of record; and in

case of dispute as to the amount to be allowed, the dispute shall be referred by the court to a master of one of the superior courts, who, on request under the hands of the members of the court, shall ascertain and certify the proper amount of the expenses:

(5) Any person who without reasonable excuse (proof whereof shall lie on him) either fails, after having had the expenses (if any) to which he is entitled tendered to him, to comply with any summons or

requisition of a court holding an investigation under this Act, or prevents or impedes the court in the execution of their duty, shall for every such offence incur a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, and in the case of a failure to comply with a requisition for furnishing any return or producing any document, not exceeding ten pounds during every day that the failure continues:

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25.

209

(6) The Government inspector making an inquiry into any accident and the court holding an investigation of any accident under this section shall make a report to the

Secretary of State, stating the causes of the accident and all the circumstances attending it, and any observations thereon or on the evidence or on any matters arising out of the inquiry or investigation which he or they think right to make to the Secretary

of State, and the Secretary of State shall cause every report so made to him to be made public in such manner as he thinks expedient.

4. A Government inspector shall have power to make such examination and inquiry as may be necessary to ascertain whether this Act is complied with, and for that purpose, —

(1) he may enter, inspect, and examine at all reasonable times by day any licensed premises, and every part thereof, and any premises in which any petroleum spirit is kept, or is suspected by him to be kept in

contravention of this Act; and

(2) he may require the occupier of any premises which he

is so entitled to enter, or a person employed therein

by the occupier, to give him samples of any petroleum

on the premises.

The occupier of any such premises as aforesaid, his agents and servants, shall furnish the means required by an inspector

as necessary for every such entry, inspection and examination which he is entitled under this section to make.

Any person who fails to permit an inspector to enter,

inspect or examine as aforesaid, or to comply with any such requisition of an inspector as aforesaid, or who in any manner obstructs an inspector in the execution of his duties, shall be

liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds.

5. —(1) Where a coroner holds an inquest upon the body of any person whose death may have been caused by any accident

of which notice is required by this Act to be given to the

Secretary of State, the coroner shall adjourn the inquest unless a Government inspector, or some person on behalf of the

Secretary of State, is present to watch the proceedings:

Provided that if the accident has not occasioned the death of more than one person, and the coroner has sent to the Secretary

of State notice of the time and place of holding the inquest not less than forty-eight hours before the time of the'holding thereof,

it shall not be imperative on him to adjourn the inquest in

pursuance of this section if the majority of the jury think it

unnecessary that he should do so.

o

3rd Sou.

— cont.

Powers of inspectors.

(Explosives

Act, 1875,

s. 55.)

Provisions as

to coroners ’

inquests on

deaths from accidents connected with petroleum spirit.

(Explosives

Act, 1875,

s. 65.)

210

Ch. 25.

Petroleum Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

3rd Soh.

— cont.

Interpretation.

Application

to Scotland.

' (2) The coroner before the adjournment, may take evidence to identify the body, and may order the interment thereof.

(3) The coroner at least four days before holding the adjourned inquest, shall send to the Secretary of State notice in

writing of the time and place of holding the adjourned inquest.

(4) An inspector or person employed on behalf of the

Secretary of State shall be at liberty at any such inquest as

aforesaid to examine any witness, subject nevertheless to the order of the coroner on points of law.

(5) Where evidence is given at an inquest 1 at w’hich no

inspector or person employed on behalf of the Secretary of State is present, of any neglect as having caused or contributed

to the accident, or of any defect in or about or in connection with any licensed premises, or any carriage, ship or boat carrying petroleum spirit, appearing to the coroner or jury to

require a remedy, the coroner shall send to the Secretary of State notice in writing of the neglect or defect.

6. In this Schedule—

The expression "licensed premises" means any premises

in respect of which a licence is in force under the

Petroleum Act, 1871; and

The expression "Government inspector" means a

Government inspector under the Explosives Act,

1875.

7. In the application of this Schedule to Scotland—

The expression "a master of one of the superior courts "

means the auditor of the Court of Session;

The expression "attending before a court of record "

means attending on citation the High Court of Justiciary;

The expressions " stipendiary magistrate " and " court

of summary jurisdiction " mean the sheriff; and

The expression "information" means complaint.

1926.

Petroleum Act, 1926.

Ch. 25, 26.

211

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 11.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict.

The Petroleum Act, 1871

i

Section three, the last

c. 105.

paragraph of section four, the last paragraph of section sir,

the second paragraph of section seven, in section nine the words "the mode of carrying such petroleum within the district of the licensing authority " and the third paragraph.

42 & 43 Vict,

c. 47.

The Petroleum Act, 1879

Section two.

44 & 45 Vict.

The Petroleum (Hawkers)

The whole Act.

c. 67.

Act, 1881.

CHAPTER 26.

An Act to protect the names, uniforms, and badges

of associations incorporated by Royal Charter.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) His Majesty may from time to time, by Protection

Order in Council made on the application of any associa- of name,

tion incorporated by Royal charter not being an asso- uniform,

ciation representative of any profession or business, c - ,

protect— ass0 ci a .

(a) the name of the association; and tions.

(b) any special name or designation specified in the

Order and used by the association for the

0 2

212

Ch. 26. Chartered Associations 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Protection of Names and Uniforms) Act, 1926.

members thereof, or for the members of any organisation constituted by the association in

pursuance of their charter; and

(c) any uniform with distinctive markings or badges used by the association and described in the

Order; and

(d) any badge to be worn without uniform used by

the association and described in the Order:

Provided that nothing in any such Order or in this Act shall deprive any bona fide national organisation of the right to use any designation, unifortn or badge which at the time of the passing of this Act is in

regular use by that organisation.

(2) —(i) An Order in Council under this section shall not be made unless notice of the application for an Order has been given in such manner and accompanied by such particulars as the Secretary of State may direct.

(ii) The Secretary of State shall consider any objections to an Order which are made by or on behalf of any persons or societies affected or likely to be affected

by the Order.

(iii) An Order in Council under this section shall be

laid as soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament,

and if an address is presented to His Majesty by either

House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-

one days on which that House has sat next after any such Order is laid before it, praying that the Order may

be annulled. His Majesty in Council may annul the Order,

and it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to

the validity of anything previously done thereunder.

(iv) Any Order in Council under this Act may be

amended or revoked by a subsequent Order in Council.

(3) Where the use by an association of any name,

designation, uniform or badge has been so protected, a

person shall not, without the authority of the association,

use the name, designation, uniform or badge the use of which is so protected, or any name, designation, uniform,

or badge so closely resembling the name, designation,

uniform or badge the use of which is protected as to lead

to the belief that it is that name, designation, uniform

or badge.

(4) If any person acts in contravention of this section,

he shall be liable in respect of each offence, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding ten pounds:

1926. Chartered Associations Ch. 26.

{Protection of Names and Uniforms) Act, 1926. .

Provided that this section shall not prevent any person from wearing or using any uniform, badge or

distinctive marking in the course or for the purpose of a stage play or representation, or a music-hall or circus performance, pageant or production of a cinematograph film, if the uniform, badge or distinctive mark is not worn or used in such a manner or under such circumstances as to bring it into contempt.

(5) Where on an application made by or on behalf

of an association to which this Act applies any such uniform or Ibadge as is mentioned in subsection (1) of this section has at any time been registered under

Part II. of the Patents and Designs Act, 1907, an Order

in Council under this Act may be made on the application of that association for protecting that uniform or

badge, notwithstanding that the copyright in respect thereof has expired.

2. Any association making application for the protection of a uniform shall, together with the application,

furnish an exact and detailed description of the uniform,

both in respect to form and colour, such as may clearly indicate what are the precise extent and limits of the protection to be granted.

3. No Order in Council shall be made under this Act protecting any article (other than a badge or

decoration) used by an association in connection with

or as part of the uniform of its members in respect of which or any part of which any design shall have been registered under the Patents and Designs Act, 1907,

or any amendment thereof, unless the owner of such registered design shall without fee or reward be ready and willing to permit and shall permit the use of such registered design by any person, firm, or corporation willing to supply such article to any member or members

of such association.

Nothing in this Act shall prevent the continued use

of any mark or device which has been bona fide used as a

trade mark before the coming into force of this Act.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Chartered

Associations (Protection of Names and Uniforms) Act,

1926.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

213

7 Edw.7.

c. 29.

Description

of uniform

to be

furnished on

application for protection.

Savings.

Short title and application.

214

Ch. 27. Isle of Man (Customs) 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

' Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 27.

An Act to amend the law with respect to Customs

in the Isle of Man.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Duties on 1 . —(1) The additional duties of Customs on tobacco tobacco. removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

8 & 9 Geo. 5. the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1918, shall continue to

c - 41. be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(2) In the case of the duties of Customs on tobacco removed or imported into the Isle of Man, the prefer-

9 & 10 ential rate under section five of the Isle of Man

Geo. 5. c. 74. (Customs) Act, 1919 (which relates to Imperial preference) shall be three-fourths of the full rate.

2. The duties of Customs on ale or beer removed or

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

Duties on 3. Save as hereinafter provided, the additional spirits. duties of Customs on spirits removed or imported into

11 & 12 the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of Man (Customs)

Geo. 5. c. 40. Act, 1921, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid

as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven:

Provided that, in the case of the spirits set out in

the First Schedule to this Act, there shall, as from the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, be charged, levied and paid such additional duties of Customs as shall be sufficient to make, when added to the existing duties, duties at the rates set out

in that Schedule.

Duties on

ale or beer.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c.56.

1926.

Isle of Mati (Customs)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 27.

215

4. The duties of Customs on cocoa removed: or Duties on

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of cocoa.

Man (Customs) Act, 1924, shall continue to be charged, 14 & 15

levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen tJeo. 5. c. 24.

hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

5. The duties of Customs on hops, and on extracts, Duties on

essences and other similar preparations made from hops, hops,

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to be

charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

6. —(1) The duties of Customs on motor cars, in- Duties on

eluding motor bicycles and motor tricycles, and their motor cars,

accessories and component parts, removed or imported &c -

into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to be charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(2) The exemption from Customs duty which is

given by subsection (3) of section six of the said Act in

respect of motor cars which are proved to the satisfaction

of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to be constructed and adapted for use and intended to be used solely for certain trade and other purposes, and chassis,

component parts and accessories which are so proved to

be intended to be used solely for any such motor cars,

shall be deemed to have ceased as from the twenty-

second day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-six,

except as respects any such cars, chassis, parts or

accessories which are shown to the satisfaction of the

Commissioners to have been removed or imported into the Isle of Man before the said twenty-second day of June:

Provided that, notwithstanding any repeal effected

by this section, the last paragraph of the said subsection (3) shall continue to have effect in relation to

any motor car, chassis, component part or accessory which is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners

to have been removed or imported into the Isle of Man

before the said twenty-second day of June.

216

Duties on

musical instruments,

clocks,

films, &c.

Duties on

silk.

Ch. 27. Isle of Man (Customs) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

. Act, 1926.

7 . The duties of Customs on—

(a) musical instruments, including gramophones,

pianolas and other similar instruments;

(b) accessories and component parts of musical instruments, and records and other means of reproducing music;

(c) clocks, watches and component parts of clocks and watches; and

(d) cinematograph films,

removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by

the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to be

charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

8. —(1) Save as hereinafter provided, the duties of Customs on silk or artificial silk removed or imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to he charged, levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven:

Provided that, in the case of silk tissues of which the warp or weft consists of yarn wholly or partly discharged and the weft or warp of undischarged yarn, the duty payable in respect of the tissue shall, instead of being charged at the rate of seven shillings and ninepence the pound, as provided by Part I. of the Schedule to

that Act, be charged at the rate of five shillings and threepence the pound in respect of the undischarged yarn, and at the rate of seven shillings and ninepence the pound in respect of the yam wholly or partly discharged which is contained therein.

(2) Where, on or after the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, any article of apparel made wholly or partly of silk is removed or imported into the Isle of Man by any person for his own use and not for sale, the article, instead of being charged with duty in accordance with the provisions of Part I. of the

Schedule to the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925, may, at

the option of the importer, be charged with a duty calculated on the whole weight of the article at a rate equal to twice the rate of the duty chargeable under the said Part I. in respect of the class'of silk contained in

the article.

1926.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 27.

217

For the purposes of this subsection—

(i) the expression "silk" includes artificial silk;

(ii) where silk of several classes is contained in

the article, the article shall be chargeable with duty as if all the silk so contained were silk of that one of those classes in respect of which the highest rate of duty is payable under the said Part I.;

(iii) in determining the class to which any silk

.belongs, regard shall be had to the stage of manufacture in which the silk appears in the article.

9 . The duties of Customs on wines removed or Duties on

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of wines.

Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to be charged,

levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

10 . —(1) The duty of Customs on lace removed or Duties on

imported into the Isle of Man imposed by the Isle of lace.

Man (Customs) Act, 1925, shall continue to be charged,

levied and paid as from the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(2) Where it appears to the Lieutenant-Governor

of the Isle of Man as respects any articles, or articles

of any class, liable to duty under this section as consisting of or containing lace or embroidery, to be inexpedient having regard to the small value of that lace or

embroidery that duty should be charged thereon, the

Lieutenant-Governor may by order exempt those articles,

or articles of that class, from duty under this section.

11. On and from the twenty-second day of June, Remission nineteen hundred and twenty-six, Customs duties shall of Customs not be charged in respect of any goods (other than duties iu

wines or spirits) removed or imported into the Isle of ca

Man which are proved to the satisfaction of the Commis- articles sioners of Customs and Excise to have been manufactured

or produced more than one hundred years before the date of removal or importation.

12. —(1) On and from the twenty-second day of Duties on

June, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be matches.

218

Ch. 27.

Isle of Man (Customs)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

charged, levied and paid on matches removed or imported into the Isle of Man a duty of Customs at the rate of five shillings and twopence for every ten thousand matches

so removed or imported:

Provided that, where the Commissioners of Customs and Excise are satisfied that a box of matches so removed

or imported contains more than eighty matches, the duty

of Customs to be charged on any matches so contained exceeding eighty shall be at the rate of three shillings and fivepence instead of at the rate of five shillings and twopence for every ten thousand matches.

(2) For the purposes of the duties under this section

a match which has more than one point of ignition shall

be reckoned as so many matches as there are points of ignition.

(3) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise may make regulations with respect to the collection of the duties under this section, and may for that purpose apply,

with the necessary modifications, to matches removed or

imported into the Isle of Man any enactments applicable

to duties on matches imported into Great Britain or

Northern Ireland.

13 . — (1)Subject as hereinafter provided, on and from the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be charged, levied and paid

on the removal or importation into the Isle of Man of the goods specified in the first column of the Second Schedule

to this Act respectively the duties of Customs specified

in the second column of that Schedule.

(2) Where any other duties of Customs are chargeable in respect of any goods chargeable with duty under this section, duty under this section shall not be charged except in so far as the amount thereof exceeds the amount of those other duties.

(3) No duty shall be charged under this section on

goods which are shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to have been consigned from and grown, produced or manufactured in the British

Empire, and for the purposes of this subsection goods shall be deemed to have been manufactured in the

British Empire which would be treated as having been

so manufactured for the purposes of section eight of the

9 & 10 Finance Act, 1919 (which relates to Imperial preference)

Geo. 5. c. 32.

Duties for safeguarding key in.

dustries.

1926.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 27.

219

if the Isle of Man were substituted in that section for

Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and that section as

so modified shall apply accordingly, with the substitution

of the Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of Man for the

Board of Trade.

(4) Where an imported article is a compound article

of which an article liable to duty under this section is an

ingredient or forms part, no duty shall be charged under this section in respect of the compound article if the compound, is of such a nature that the article liable to

duty has lost its identity, and any dispute as to whether

an article has lost its identity shall be determined in the same manner as disputes arising as to the proper rate

of duty payable under this section.

(5) The provisions of section ten of the Isle of Man

(Customs) Act, 1925 (which relates to the definition of value for the purposes of ad valorem duties), shall apply for the purposes of the assessment and collection of duties under this section as they apply for the purposes of the assessment and collection of duties under that Act.

(6) The Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of Man may

by order exempt any articles mentioned in the order

■which are liable to duty under this section from that duty if he is satisfied that, having regard to the nature

or small value of the article, it is inexpedient that the duty should be charged.

(7) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise may make regulations with respect to the collection of the duties under this section, and may for that purpose apply, with the necessary modifications, to the goods chargeable with duty under this section on removal or

importation into the Isle of Man any enactments applicable to duties chargeable on such goods on importation into Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

14 . — (1)On and from the ninth day of March, Duties on

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, until the first day of cutlery,

August, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, there shall S^tksTor

be charged, levied and paid on the removal or importa- candes-° r

tion into the Isle of Man of the goods (not being goods cen t

manufactured in Great Britain or Northern Ireland) lighting,

specified in the first column of the Third Schedule to

this Act respectively the duties of Customs specified in

the second column of that Schedule.

220

Ch. 27.

9 & 10

(Jeo. 5. c. 32

Duties on

playing cards.

Isle of Man (Customs)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(2) In the case of any article to which this section applies shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to have been consigned from and produced or manufactured in the British Empire, the rate of duty shall be two-thirds of the full rate, and the provisions of subsections (1) and (2) of section eight, of the Finance Act, 1919, shall apply with respect to the preferential rates referred to in this section as they apply with respect to the preferential rates referred to in that section, and as though those provisions were herein set out and in terms made applicable to the rates referred to

in this section, with the substitution of the Lieutenant-

Governor of the Isle of Man for the Board of Trade.

(3) Where any article chargeable with duty under this section is also chargeable with any other duties of Customs, the highest duty only shall be charged.

(4) The provisions of section ten of the Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925 (which relates to the definition

of value for the purposes of ad valorem duties), shall apply for the purposes of the assessment and collection

of duties under this section as they apply for the purposes of the assessment and collection of duties under that Act.

(5) The Lieutenant-Governor of the Isle of Man

may by order exempt any articles mentioned in the order which are liable to duty under this section from that duty if he is satisfied that, having regard to the small value of the article, it is inexpedient that the duty should be charged.

15 . — (1)On and from the twenty-second day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, there shall be

charged, levied and paid on playing cards removed or

imported into the Isle of Man a duty of Customs at the rate of three shillings and ninepence for every dozen packs:

Provided that, where the Commissioners of Customs and Excise are satisfied that any pack so removed or

imported has been manufactured in Great Britain or

Northern Ireland, the duty of Customs to be charged on

any such pack shall be at the rate of threepence per pack.

(2) The Commissioners of Customs and Excise may make regulations with respect to the collection of the duties under this section, and may for that purpose

1926.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 27.

221

apply, with the necessary modifications, to playing cards removed or imported into the Isle of Man any enactments applicable to duties on playing cards imported into Great Britain or Northern Ireland.

16 . This Act may be cited as the Isle of Man Short title.

(Customs) Act, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE. Section 3.

Duties on

Spirits.

Rate of Duty.

Nature of Spirits.

Consigned from and grown, produced or manufactured in the

British Empire.

Consigned from,

grown, produced

or manufactured elsewhere.

£ S. d.

£ s. d.

Liqueurs, cordials and mixed or

sweetened spirits, entered by

the person importing them in

bottle in such manner as to

indicate that the strength is not

to be tested, a duty at the rate

of - - the gallon

4 14 1

4 17 5

Perfumed spirits - the gallon

5 11 0

5 15 0

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 13.

Goods charged with Duty under Section

Thirteen.

Article. Duty.

Optical glass and optical elements, A duty at the rate whether finished or not, microscopes, of one-half of the field and opera glasses, theodolites, value of the article,

sextants, spectroscopes and other optical instruments, and component parts

of any such optical instruments.

222

Ch. 27.

Isle of Man (Customs) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Article.

Duty.

Beakers, flasks, burettes, measuring cylinders, thermometers, tubing, and other scientific glassware and lampblown ware, evaporating dishes, crucibles,

combustion boats, and other laboratory porcelain.

Galvanometers, pyrometers, electroscopes,

barometers, analytical and other precision balances, and other scientific instruments, gauges and measuring instruments of precision of the types used in engineering machine shops and viewing rooms, whether for use in such shops or rooms or not, and component parts of any such scientific instruments.

Wireless valves and similar rectifiers, and vacuum tubes.

Ignition magnetos and permanent magnets.

Hosiery latch needles -

Metallic tungsten, ferro-tungsten, and manufactured products of metallic tungsten and compounds (not including ores or minerals) of thorium,

cerium and other rare earth metals.

All synthetic organic chemicals (other than synthetic organic dyestuffs,

colours, and colouring matters imported for use as such, and organic intermediate products imported for their manufacture), analytical reagents, all other fine chemicals (except sulphate of quinine of vegetable origin)

and chemicals manufactured by fermentation processes.

Amorphous carbon electrodes (but not including primary battery carbons or

arc-lamp carbons).

Molybdenum, ferro - molybdenum, and molybdenum compounds, and vanadium, ferro-vanadium, and vanadium compounds (but not including ores and minerals of molybdenum or vanadium).

Arc-lamp carbons -

A duty at the rate

of one-third of the value of the article.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

A duty at the rate

of one shilling per pound weight.

1926.

Isle of Man (Customs)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 27.

223

THIRD SCHEDULE. Section 14.

Goods charged with Duty under Section

Fourteen.

Article.

Rate of Duty.

Cutlery.

Knives with one or more blades made wholly or partly of steel or iron, other than surgical knives or knives for use

in machines.

A duty at the rate

of one-third of the value of the article.

Scissors, including tailors’ shears and secateurs, made wholly or partly of steel or iron.

Ditto.

Safety razors and component parts thereof.

Ditto.

Razors, other than safety razors

Ditto.

Carving forks ----

Ditto.

Knife sharpeners wholly or partly of steel.

Ditto.

Handles, blades or blanks for any of the above-mentioned articles.

Ditto.

Gloves.

Gloves made in whole or in part of leather or of fur, and leather or fur cut out ready for sewing into gloves,

but not including gloves known as

astrakhan gloves or gloves in which leather is used only as trimming or

binding.

Ditto.

Gloves cut out of woven or knitted material consisting in whole or in part

of cotton and sewn up and known as

fabric gloves, and material for such gloves cut out ready for sewing.

Ditto.

224

3bd Sen

— cont.

Power to

prepare and submit

to Board

of Trade amalgamation and absorption schemes.

Ch. 27. Isle of Man (Customs)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Articled Rate of Duty.

Mantles for Incandescent

Lighting.

Mantles for incandescent lightin'g,

whether collodionised or not.

Impregnated hose or stockings for use in

the manufacture of such mantles.

A duty at the rate

of six shillings the gross.

A duty at the rate

of four shillings and sixpence per pound weight.

CHAPTER 28.

An Act to make provision for facilitating the working of minerals and the better organisation

of the coal mining industry, and with respect to

the welfare of persons employed therein, and for other purposes connected with that industry.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Provisions for Facilitating the Re-organisation op

the Coal Mining Industry.

1, -—(1) Where with a view to the more economical and efficient working, treating, or disposing of coal the owners of two or more undertakings consisting of or

comprising coal mines agree to amalgamate their undertakings either wholly or partially, they may prepare and submit to the Board of Trade a scheme (hereinafter referred to as an amalgamation scheme) framed in

accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) Where the owner of any such undertaking, or

where the owners of two or more such undertakings who have agreed to amalgamate, consider that in the interests

of the more economical and efficient working, treating.

1920. Mining Industry Ch. 28. 225

Act, 1926.

or disposing of coal it is expedient that one or more other such undertakings, the Owners of which are unwilling to agree to amalgamate or to agree to the proposed terms of amalgamation, should be absorbed wholly or partially by. the first mentioned undertaking,

or by the amalgamated undertaking, as the case may

be, the owner or owners may prepare and submit to the

Board of Trade a scheme (hereinafter referred to as

an absorption scheme) framed in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(3) In this Part of this Act—

(a) companies whose undertakings are to be

amalgamated are referred to as constituent companies;

(b) a company whose undertaking is to be absorbed

is referred to as an absorbed company;

(c) a company, whether or not an amalgamated company, in which any other company is to

be absorbed is referred to as the principal company;

(d) "partial amalgamation" of undertakings includes the amalgamation of parts of undertakings and arrangements for the joint exercise of powers of working, treating, or

disposing of coal, or powers incidental or

ancillary thereto, or for the conduct of any business or operations in the common interest

of the constituent companies, or the vesting

in a separate company of the control of the constituent companies, and "partial absorption " has a corresponding meaning, except that no partial absorption scheme shall,

without the consent of the owner of the absorbed company, provide for the separation

of the treating or disposing of coal from the working thereof, or, in the case of an undertaking of which the primary object is not coal mining, provide for the separation from the undertaking of any coal mine worked as

ancillary to such primary object.

2. A total amalgamation scheme under this Part Contents of of this Act may contain such provisions as may be total amal-

necessary or expedient for giving elfect to the objects Station

_ schemes.

226 Ch. 28. Mining Industry 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

of the scheme, and in particular, but without prejudice

to the generality of the foregoing provision—

(a) may provide either for the constitution and incorporation of a new company, or companies,

under the Companies Acts, 1908 to 1917, with

or without the dissolution of all or any of the constituent companies, and the transfer to the new company of the undertakings of the constituent companies, or the distribution thereof amongst the new companies and such of the constituent companies as are not dissolved, or

for the continuance (with or, without change of name) of one or more of the constituent companies, and the dissolution of the other constituent companies, and the transfer of their undertakings to the continued company

or the distribution thereof amongst the continued companies;

(b) may provide for vesting in the new or continued company or any of the new or continued companies any or all of the property, rights,

powers, duties and liabilities of the constituent companies;

(c) may provide generally as to the terms and conditions of amalgamation, and for the winding

up of the constituent companies or such of them as are to be dissolved, including the allocation to holders of securities of the constituent companies, in substitution therefor and

in satisfaction of all claims arising thereunder,

of such securities of the new or continued company or any of the new or continued companies and of such amounts as may be specified

in the scheme;

(d) may make such provision as may be necessary with regard to the share and loan capital of the new or continued company or companies,

including provision for increasing all or any of the existing classes of loan or share capital of any such company, or creating new classes of loan or share capital of any such company, with such rights, priorities and conditions as may be

specified in the scheme;

1926.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

227

(e) may provide for any of the matters for which provision is made by Part V. of the Railways

Clauses Act, 1863;

(f) may make such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as appear necessary or

expedient in order to give full effect to the purposes of the scheme.

3. A total absorption scheme under this Part of this Act may contain such provisions as may be necessary

or expedient for giving effect to the objects of the scheme,

and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality

of the foregoing provision—

(a) may provide for vesting in the principal company the property, rights, powers, duties and liabilities of every absorbed company;

(b) may provide for the consideration to be given to

the absorbed company or several absorbed companies and generally as to the terms and conditions of the transfer, and may provide for the consideration consisting in whole or

in part of securities of the principal company,

and for that purpose may provide for increasing all or any of the existing classes of loan or share capital of the principal company, or creating new classes of loan or share capital of that company, with such rights, priorities and conditions as may be specified in the scheme;

(c) may provide for the winding up of the absorbed company or companies, and may provide on

any such winding up for the holder of securities

of any absorbed company receiving, in substitution therefor and in satisfaction of all claims arising thereunder, such securities of the principal company forming part of the consideration for the transfer of its undertaking and of such amounts as may be specified in the scheme;

■ (d) may provide for any of the matters for which provision is made in Part V. of the Railways

Clauses Act, 1863;

(e) may make such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as appear necessary or

expedient in order to give full effect to the purposes of the scheme.

26 & 27 Vict,

c. 92.

Contents of total absorption schemes.

228 Ch. 28. Mining Industry 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Contents of 4. A partial amalgamation or absorption scheme partial under this Part of this Act may contain such provisions tioifaild a ' as ma 7 ke necessary or expedient for giving effect to

absorption tli objects of the scheme, and in particular, but without schemes. prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision —

(a) may provide by means of the constitution and incorporation of a company, or by the constitution of a joint committee or otherwise, for the joint exercise of the powers, or the conduct

of the business or operations, to which the scheme relates;

(b) may provide for transferring to, or conferring and imposing on, the company, joint committee or other body constituted for the purposes of the scheme all or any of. such property, rights, powers, duties and liabilities

as may be specified in the scheme;

(c) may provide generally as to the terms and conditions on which, and the manner in which,

the powers are to be exercised, or the business

or operations are to be conducted, for the common interest of the companies concerned;

(d) may make such incidental, consequential and supplemental provisions as appear necessary or

expedient in order to give full effect to the purposes of the scheme.

Supple- 5. —(1) A scheme under this Part of this Act shall mentary no t provide for the allocation to any person of a^tc) 1810118 securities subjecting the holder thereof to any liability schemes. f° r calls in excess of the liability (if any) to which he

was subject as the holder of the securities for which the allocated securities are to be substituted.

(2) No stamp duty shall be payable in respect of any amalgamation or absorption scheme, or on any debentures, or in respect of any share or loan capital of any company issued in pursuance of such a scheme, or

on any conveyance, assignment, or transfer of any of the property or securities of any constituent or absorbed company made in pursuance of any such scheme as

aforesaid.

(3) Any action taken for the purposes of or in

connection with the preparation or submission of a

scheme under this Part of this Act shall be deemed to

1926.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

229

be within the powers of any company, and no such action shall give rise to a right on the part of the holders of any debentures or other securities of a company, or of any persons on their behalf, to enforce the security.

6. The Board of Trade shall consider any scheme submitted to them, and shall, if satisfied after communication with such parties interested as they may think fit that a prima facie case is made out that the proposed scheme would promote the more economical and efficient working, treating, or disposing of coal,

refer the matter to the Railway and Canal Commission.

7. —(1) Where a scheme has been referred to the

Railway and Canal Commission, the Commission, if

satisfied that the scheme conforms to the requirements

of this Part of this Act, shall take into consideration all objections to the scheme which may be lodged by any person or by any class or body of persons within such time and in such manner as may be directed by the

Commission, and where any objections have been so

lodged shall hear any objectors whom they consider entitled to appear.

(2) The Commission, after hearing such objectors

as aforesaid, may confirm the scheme either without modifications or subject to such modifications as the

Commission think fit, or may refuse to confirm the scheme:

Provided that the Commission—

(a) shall confirm a scheme if satisfied that it

would be in the national interest to do so,

and that the terms of the scheme are fair and equitable to all persons affected thereby, and

(b) may in particular, if, upon an objection lodged

by the holder of any securities in a constituent or absorbed company to whom by

the scheme securities in the amalgamated or

principal company are allocated in substitution therefor, they are satisfied that the substitution would not be fair in his case, order that in lieu of the proposed substitution his existing securities shall be purchased at

a price to be determined in such manner as

the Commission may direct.

Reference of schemes to

the Railway and Canal

Commission.

Consideration of schemes by

Railway and

Canal Commission and effect of confirmation of schemes-.

230

Ch. 28.

Representation before

Commission

of persons employed.

Power to

include in

schemes provisions as to

working facilities.

13 & 14

Geo. 6. c. 20.

Mining Industry 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(3) The Commission may give such directions as

they think fit as to the publication of advertisements of schemes, the giving of notices and the holding of meetings

of companies affected, and of any classes of shareholders and debenture holders of any such companies.

(4) A scheme under this Part of this Act shall, when confirmed by the Commission, be binding on all persons and the memorandum and articles of any company and any other instrument regulating its constitution or

capital shall, in so far as they may be affected by the scheme, have effect subject thereto, and the directors of every company affected by the scheme shall cause a

copy thereof to be filed with the registrar of companies.

(5) Where any such scheme provides for the substitution of any securities of an amalgamated company or

a principal company for securities of a constituent or

absorbed company, any trustee or other person acting

in a fiduciary capacity, who at the date of the amalgamation or absorption held and was entitled to hold any securities of the constituent or absorbed company, shall

be entitled to hold the securities of the amalgamated or

principal company which may be substituted therefor.

(6) Where any such scheme makes provision for additions to existing or the creation of new classes of share or loan capital of any existing company, then,

notwithstanding anything in the memorandum or articles

of association of the company, the additional capital of each class shall form part of and rank pari passu with the existing capital of that class, and any new class of capital may rank before any existing class Of capital.

8. Upon the question whether a scheme is in the national interest the Railway and Canal Commission may hear such persons, whether in support of or against the scheme, as they think fit, including representives of persons employed in any undertakings affected by the scheme.

9. Any right which might be granted by the

Railway and Canal Commission under Part I. of the

Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, as

amended by Part II. of this Act, may be granted by a

scheme confirmed by the Commission under this Part of this Act, and, in so far as any scheme referred to the

1926.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

231

Commission makes provision for the grant of such a

right, it shall be deemed to be a matter referred to

them under Part I. of the first-mentioned Act.

10. A scheme referred to the Railway and Canal

Commission may at any time before confirmation thereof by the Commission be withdrawn by the persons by

whom it was submitted or, subject as hereinafter provided,

by any of them, upon such terms as to costs as the

Commission may direct; and at least fourteen days before confirming subject to modifications any scheme submitted to them the Commission shall give notice of the modifications proposed to be made to the persons

by whom the scheme was submitted:

Provided that, if any of the persons by whom the scheme was submitted is willing to proceed with the scheme, the Commission may, if satisfied that it would be

in the national interest so to do, direct that any such person may, upon such terms as the Commission consider

to be fair and equitable to all persons affected by the scheme, proceed with the scheme as if it were a scheme for absorbing either wholly or partially the undertakings

of any of the persons desirous of withdrawing the scheme.

11. Where an undertaking to which this Part of this Act applies is owned by a firm, or by an individual, or

by two or more individuals jointly, the provisions of this

Part of this Act shall apply in relation to the undertaking subject to such modifications as may be necessary.

12. — (1) If it appears to the Board of Trade that it

is the general wish of the owners of any undertakings that the Board of Trade should assist them in formulating

or settling the terms of an amalgamation scheme, the

Board may give such assistance.

(2) At the expiration of two years from the passing

of this Act, the Board of Trade shall make a report to

Parliament upon the operation of this Part of this Act,

including information as to the extent to which amalgamations and absorptions have taken place among undertakings to which this Part of this Act applies and all such other information and statistics relevant thereto

as they may think fit, and the Board shall thereafter continue to make a like report annually.

Withdrawal

of schemes.

Application

to undertakings owned by

firms and individuals.

Powers and duties of the

Board of Trade.

2.32

Amendment as respects coal

of 13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 20.

Part T;

Ch. 28. Mining Industry 10 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1920.

Part II.

Working Facilities.

13.—(1) Any person who is desirous of searching for or working, either by himself or through a lessee, any coal may, under and in accordance with Part I.

of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act, 1923

(in this Part of this Act referred to as the principal Act),

make an application to search for or work the coal,

and, on such an application being referred to the

Railway and Canal Commission under the principal

Act, the Commission may, subject to the provisions of the principal Act, grant the right if they consider that

it is expedient in the national interest that the right should bejgr anted to the applicant.

(2) Where the working of any coal, or the working of any coal in the most efficient and economical manner, is impeded by any restrictions terms or

conditions contained in a mining lease, or otherwise binding on the person entitled to work the coal,

a right to work the coal freed wholly or partially from such restrictions or conditions, or to work the coal on other terms and conditions, may, on an

application for the purpose being made and referred to

the Railway and Canal Commission under the principal

Act, be granted by the Commission in any case where the Commission consider that it is expedient in the national interest that the right applied for should be

granted to the applicant.

(3) An ancillary right may be granted to a person

to whom a right of working coal is granted in pursuance

of this Part of this Act at the time when such last-

mentioned right is granted or at any subsequent time.

(4) The principal Act shall, as respects coal, have effect as if in section five the words "having an interest

in any minerals, " and " those minerals or any adjacent, "

and in section six the words "in virtue of which he is

entitled to make the application " were omitted therefrom.

(5) For the purposes of this Part of this Act " coal "

shall not include lignite or brown coal, but save as aforesaid shall include bituminous coal, cannel coal, anthracite,

and all other minerals worked or to be worked therewith.

1926.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

232

(6) This Part of this Act shall be construed as

one with Part I. of the principal Act, and references in

that Part of that Act to a right to work minerals shall include references to any right granted under this Part

of this Act.

Part ITT.

Welfare Fund.

14. — (1) Every person liable to pay mineral rights duty on the rental value of rights to work coal and of mineral wayleaves in connection with coal, or who would be so liable but for any exception by common law or statute, shall be liable to pay for the financial year ending the thirty-fust day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and for every subsequent financial year a levy (hereinafter referred to as " the royalties welfare levy") at the rate in each case of one shilling for every twenty shillings of that rental value:

Provided that no person shall be liable to pay the royalties welfare levy in respect of any coal worked,

or to be worked, by means of any mine of which the principal object is the getting of fire-clay, ganister,

ironstone, or other similar minerals.

(2) The provisions of the Finance (1909-10) Act,

1910, relating to the assessment, collection and recovery

of mineral rights duty and matters incidental thereto,

as set out and adapted in the Schedule to this Act,

shall apply to the royalties welfare levy, and in cases where the proprietor of the coal, or the person to whom rent is paid in respect of a right to work coal or a

mineral wayleave in connection with coal, is liable to the payment of mineral rights duty, the royalties welfare levy shall be collected at the same time as and together with that duty, and in every other case the royalties welfare levy shall be payable on the first day of January

in each year.

(3) For the purposes of this section and the said

Schedule—

" Coal " shall not include lignite or brown coal, but save as aforesaid shall include bituminous coal,

cannel coal, anthracite, and all other minerals worked therewith other than minerals exempt from mineral -rights duty;

Royalties welfare levy.

10 Edw. 7.

and 1 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

234

Ch. 28.

Increase in

number of welfare committee.

10&I1

Geo. 5. c. 50.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 80.

Application

of royalties welfare levy.

Provision of washing and drying accommodation at

coal mines.

Mining Industry 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Rental value shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Finance (1909-10)

Act, 1910, relating to mineral rights duty, as

amended by any subsequent enactment;

Other expressions shall have the same meaning as

in the said provisions as so amended.

(4) This section binds the Crown.

15. The number of the committee constituted under section twenty of the Mining Industry Act, 1920, as

amended by the Mining Industry (Welfare Fund) Act,

1925 (hereinafter referred to as " the miners’ welfare

" committee"), shall be increased by the addition of two members appointed by the Board of Trade, of whom one shall be appointed after consultation with the

Miners’ Federation of Great Britain, and one after consultation with such associations or bodies as may appear

to the Board to represent persons liable to pay the royalties welfare levy, and the said section twenty shall have effect accordingly.

16. — (1) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall, in accordance with arrangements made with the

Board of Trade, from time to time pay over to the fund established under section twenty of the Mining Industry

Act, 1920 (hereinafter referred to as the welfare fund),

the sums collected by them in respect of the royalties welfare levy.

(2) The Board of Trade shall keep a separate account

of the proceeds of the royalties welfare levy paid into the welfare fund.

(3) The miners’ welfare committee shall, subject

as hereinafter mentioned, apply .those proceeds for any

of the purposes for which the welfare fund is applicable:

Provided that no part of the proceeds of the royalties welfare levy shall be required to be allocated to any particular district.

17. —(1) It shall be the duty of the miners’ welfare committee to secure as far as reasonably practicable the provision at all coal mines, to the satisfaction of the committee, of accommodation and facilities for workmen taking baths and drying clothes.

(2) The committee shall in each year appropriate out

of the welfare fund for the purposes aforesaid until the

1926. Mining Industry Ch. 28. 235

Act, 1926.

Board of Trade otherwise direct, the whole of the proceeds of the royalties welfare levy paid into the welfare fund in each financial year.

(3) Subsection (5) of section twenty of the Mining

Industry Act, 1920, is hereby repealed.

Part IV.

Recruitment.

18.—(!) The Minister of Labour may, after consulta- Recruit-

tion with associations representing respectively employers ment for and persons employed in the coal mining industry, make regulations for the purpose of securing that in the minin g

recruitment of persons over the age of eighteen years for industry,

employment to which this section applies preference is

given, while this section is in force, to persons who were employed in such employment during the period of seven days ending on the thirtieth day of April, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, or when last before that date

in regular employment, and in particular such regulations may impose such restrictions as may be necessary for that purpose on the engagement of persons for employment to which this section applies, and on the employment of persons engaged in contravention of the regulations, and may provide for requiring the owners,

agents and managers of coal mines and persons employed

in or seeking such employment to furnish the Minister

of Labour with such information as he may require for the purpose of securing compliance with the regulations:

Provided that no such regulations shall impose restrictions on the engagement for employment of any person in actual receipt of a pension granted out of moneys provided by Parliament in respect of a disability arising out of his service with His Majesty’s forces during the war.

(2) This section applies to any employment in or

about a coal mine in the getting, handling, hauling,

preparation and despatch of coal, being employment such as to make the person employed an employed person within the meaning of the Unemployment

Insurance Acts, 1920 to 1925, except employment of any class which by the regulations may be excluded from the application of this section. Any question as to

236

Ch. 28.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 66.

Limitation

of further assessments and claims.

Mining Industry 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

whether employment is employment to which this section applies shall be determined by the Minister of Labour.

(3) If any person contravenes or fails to comply with any regulation made under this section he shall be

guilty of an offence and shall, in respect of every such offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds, or, in the case of a continuing offence, not exceeding five pounds for each day on which the offence continues.

(4) If for the purpose of obtaining employment either for himself or for any other person in contravention of any regulation made under this section any person knowingly makes any false statement or false representation, or if any person required under the regulations to furnish information to the Minister of Labour knowingly furnishes any false information, he

shall be liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.

(5) All regulations made under this section shall be

laid before each House of Parliament as soon as may

be after they are made, and if an Address is presented

to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty days on which that House has sat next after any such regulation is laid before

it, praying that the regulation may be annulled, it

shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to

the making of any new regulation:

Provided that section one of the Rules Publication

Act, 1893, shall not apply to any regulations made under this section.

(6) This section shall continue in force until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-nine and no longer unless Parliament otherwise determines.

Part V.

Coal Mines Excess Payments and Coal Levy.

19. — (1) After the thirtieth day of September,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, except in a case which

is an undetermined case within the meaning of this section, no assessment or additional assessment of coal

1926.

Milling Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

237

mines excess payments under the agreement scheduled

to the Coal Mines Control Agreement (Confirmation) 7&8 Geo.5.

Act, 1918, or of coal levy under the Coal Mines (Emerg- c - 56 -

ency) Acts, 1920 and 1921, shall be made; and no claim 5 '

for relief from or for reduction or repayment of coal n 5

mines excess payments or of coal levy, or for a pay- 0 . 6.

ment set-off or recovery or for amendment of any payment, set-off or recovery under the aforesaid agreement or for coal award or additional coal award under the Coal Mines (Emergency) Acts, 1920 and 1921, shall

be entertained or allowed.

(2) At any time not later than th'e said thirtieth day of September the Board of Trade may in the case

of any person who is or has been the owner of an undertaking within the meaning of the Coal Mines Control

Agreement (Confirmation) Act, 1918, or the Coal Mines

(Emergency) Act, 1920, give notice to him that they consider his liabilities and his rights under either the

Coal Mines Control Agreement (Confirmation) Act, 1918,

or the Coal Mines (Emergency) Acts, 1920 and 1921, or

both, as being undetermined; and any person who has been assessed to coal mines excess payments or coal levy, or is entitled to make any claim under the Coal

Mines Control Agreement (Confirmation) Act, 1918, or

the Coal Mines (Emergency) Acts, 1920 and 1921, may give a like notice to the Board of Trade, and where such notice is given to or by any person his case shall be

deemed to be an undetermined case for the purposes of this section.

(3) The Board of Trade may at any time give notice

to any person whose case is an undetermined case to the effect that all questions as to his liabilities and his rights under either the Coal* Mines Control Agreement (Confirmation) Act, 1918, or the Coal Mines (Emergency)

Acts, 1920 and 1921, or both, have in the opinion of the

Board of Trade been finally determined.

Any person aggrieved by any such notice may, at

any time within thirty days from the date on which the notice is served on him, appeal against it in accordance with the provisions of subsection (5) of section forty-

five of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 1915, and the provisions 5&6 Geo.5.

(other than the provisions prescribing the time within c. 89.

which notice of appeal may be given) of any regulation made under subsection (7) of that section, in the same

238

Ch. 28.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Power of coal-mining companies

to establish manner as if he were a person dis-satisfied with the amount of an assessment to Excess Profits Duty.

If, where notice has been given to a person under this subsection, that person does not appeal against the notice or the appeal is not allowed, his case shall, as

from the expiration of the time within which he was entitled to appeal or as from the date on which the appeal is finally determined, as the case may be, cease

to be an undetermined case within the meaning of this section, and subsection (1) of this section shall apply accordingly. •

(4) Nothing in this section shall affect any powers vested in the Commissioners of Inland Revenue at the commencement of this Act for the recovery of coal mines excess payments or coal levy; or any powers vested in

the Board of Trade at the commencement of this Act

for the recovery of any moneys payable by the owner

of an undertaking in accordance with the provisions of the aforesaid agreement, or of th6 Coal Mines (War

Wage Payment) Directions and Supplementary Directions, 1918 and 1919, or of the Coal Mines (Emergency)

Acts, 1920 and 1921.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this section, the

Commissioners of Inland Revenue may at any time make

an assessment in respect of any coal mines excess payments or coal levy which appear to them not to

have been assessed by reason of any fraud or wilful default on the part of the person liable to be assessed,

and recover the amount chargeable on the assessment;

and the Board of Trade may at any time recover any moneys payable by the owner of an undertaking under the provisions of the Acts and Directions aforesaid which appear to them not to have been recovered for

a like reason; and any person aggrieved by any such assessment or recovery shall have the same right of appealing against it as he would have had if this Act

had not passed.

Part VI.

Miscellaneous and General.

20. It shall be lawful for any company, being the owner of an undertaking consisting of or comprising coal mines, notwithstanding anything in the memorandum or

1926.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

239

articles of association of the company, to establish and carry out a scheme for securing to persons employed by

the company a share in the profits of the company.

profit sharing schemes.

Establishment of joint committees for coal mines.

1 & 2 Geo. 5,

c. 50.

(2) The Board of Trade may make regulations providing for the constitution of a joint committee for any mine to which the regulations apply, consisting of representatives of the owners and management of the mine and of the workers employed in or about the mine,

and having such functions as may be prescribed by the regulations:

Provided that—

(a) such regulations shall not apply to any mine unless and until they have been applied thereto by an order made under the foregoing provisions of this section;

(b) no powers in relation to the control or management of a mine shall be included among the functions of any such joint committee; and

(c) the regulations shall provide for the selection

of the representatives of workers employed in

or about a mine by ballot of those workers from amongst their own number.

(3) Regulations made under this section shall provide for the procedure and meetings of joint committees and for enabling joint committees to obtain such information and to cause such inspections to be made as may be

necessary for the purpose of enabling them to exercise any of their functions under the regulations; and any

21.—(1) If at any time after the expiration of two years from the commencement of this Act the Board of Trade are satisfied upon representation made to them as

respects any coal mine (not being a small mine within the meaning of the Coal Mines Act, 1911) that no adequate opportunity has been afforded by the owner, agent and manager of >the mine for the establishment of machinery for mutual discussion between representatives of the management of the mine and representatives of workers employed in or about the mine, of matters of common interest in regard to the working of the mine, the Board may by order direct that regulations made under this section shall apply to that mine.

240

Power to]

vary 1 & 2

Geo. 5.

c. 50, s«. 9

and 10.

Ch. 28. Mining Industry 10 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

persons appointed in accordance with the regulations to

make such inspections shall have all such facilities for the purpose of making the inspections as persons appointed to make inspections under section sixteen of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, and that section shall apply accordingly.

(4) Subsections (2), (3), (4) and (5) of section eighty-

six, and section one hundred and seventeen of the Coal

Mines Act, 1911, and Part I. of the Second Schedule to

that Act (which relate to orders making general regulations under that Act), shall apply with the necessary modifications to regulations under this section, and for the purposes of the said Part I. of the Second Schedule

to that Act as so applied, the expression a " general objection" means an objection made by or on behalf

of any association or body which satisfies the Board of Trade that it represents a substantial proportion of owners of mines or of persons employed in or about mines in Great Britain.

(5) An order under this section may be made so as

to be in force either permanently or for a limited period,

and may be amended or revoked by any subsequent order.

(6) In this section, except where the context otherwise requires, the expression "management" has the same meaning as in the Mining Industry Act, 1920.

22.—(1) The Board of Trade may, after consultation with the Board for Mining Examinations, by order vary the provisions of sections nine and ten of the

Coal Mines Act, 1911, relating to the examinations and qualifications of applicants for certificates of competency under that Act, and the grant of such certificates, in such manner as may appear to the Board of Trade to be expedient for the purpose of adapting them

to the needs of the industry and the progress of education.

(2) The provisions of subsections (3) to (5) of section eighty-six, and section one hundred and seventeen of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, and of Part I. of the

Second Schedule to that Act, shall apply, with the necessary modifications with respect to orders made under this section, in like manner as those provisions apply to orders made under the said section eighty-six.

1926.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

241

23.—(1) Before any person sinks, for the purpose

of searching for or getting any minerals, a shaft or

borehole intended to reach a depth of more than one hundred feet below the surface, he shall give to the

Committee of the Privy Council for Scientific and

Industrial Research (hereinafter referred to as " the

Committee ") notice in writing of his intention to do so,

and any person who for such a purpose sinks any such shaft or borehole shall keep a journal thereof, and shall retain for a period of not less than six months such specimens*of the strata passed through as may have been obtained in the course of the sinking thereof, either

as cores or fragments, and shall allow the Committee,

or any officer appointed by them, to have free access at

all reasonable times to any such shaft, borehole or core,

to inspect and take copies of the journals of such shafts

or boreholes, to inspect all specimens so obtained and kept, and to take representative specimens of any such cores.

(2) If the person sinking any such shaft or borehole

as aforesaid gives notice in writing to the Committee requiring them to treat as confidential any copies of journals or specimens so taken by the Committee or by

any officer appointed by them, the Committee shall not allow those copies or specimens to be published or shown

to any person not being an officer of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, except with the consent of the person sinking such shaft or borehole:

Provided that, if at any time the Committee give notice to any person from whom such consent is required that, in their opinion, his consent is unreasonably withheld, then that person may, within three months after such notice is given, appeal to the Railway and Canal

Commission, but if at the expiration of that period no

such appeal has been made, or if after hearing the appeal the Commission do not make an order restraining them from doing so, the Committee may proceed as if such consent had been given.

(3) The owner, agent, or manager of every mine shall allow the Committee or any officer appointed by

them to have free access at all reasonable times to all underground workings, and shall supply to the Committee or to any such officer as aforesaid such information

Q

Facilities to

be given to

Department

of Scientific and Industrial

Research.

242

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 77.

Provisions

as to Railway and

Canal Commission and

as to

security for costs.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 25.

Ch. 28. Mining Industry 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

and such specimens of seams or strata sunk through or

opened out at the mine as may be reasonably required

by the Committee.

(4) If any person sinking any shaft or borehole, or

the owner, agent or manager of any mine fails to comply with any obligation imposed on him by the foregoing provisions of this section, he shall, in respect of each offence, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

(5) Any officer appointed by the Committee shall have the same rights as to the production and examination of plans and sections kept in pursuance of sections twenty or twenty-one of the Coal Mines Act, 1911, or

sections fourteen or nineteen of the Metalliferous Mines

Regulation Act, 1872, as are by those Acts conferred on

inspectors, and those Acts shall apply accordingly.

24.—(1) The jurisdiction of the Railway and Canal

Commission under this Act shall be deemed to be part

of their jurisdiction under and for the purposes of the

Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, and section ten

of the Mines (Working Facilities and Support) Act,

1923, as amended by any subsequent enactment, shall apply in respect of proceedings under this Act in like manner as it applies to the determination of questions relating to applications under that Act:

Provided that—

(a) the power of holding inquiries under the said section ten shall extend to the holding of inquiries other than local inquiries; and

(b) the Commission may refuse to allow the public to be present at any proceedings of the Commission or inquiry under this Act

while matters are being dealt with which,

in the opinion of the Commission, are of a

confidential character.

(2) The Lord Chancellor, or in Scotland the Lord

President of the Court of Session, may attach to the

Commission for the purposes of Part I. of this Act, any officers of the Supreme Court or the Court of Session,

and such officers shall perform such duties as may be

assigned to them by the Commission with the consent of the Lord Chancellor or the Lord President of the Court

of Session.

1926.

Mining Industry

Act, 1926.

Ch. 28.

243

(3) If it is proved to the satisfaction of the Railway and Canal Commission that there is good cause for requiring any person who has submitted a scheme under

Part I. of this Act, or who has made an application for the grant of a right under Part II. of this Act, to give security for any costs which may be ordered to be paid

by him to any person affected by the scheme or application, the Commission shall have power to make an order that all proceedings upon the scheme or application, as

the case may be, shall be stayed until such security for the costs of that person as may be required by the order has been given to the satisfaction of the Commission,

and may order the payment into court of the whole or

any part of any sum so required to be paid by way of such security. The provisions of subsections (2) and (3)

of section one of the Mines (Working Facilities and 15 & 16

Support) Act, 1925, shall apply to any money required Geo. 5. c. 91.

to be paid into court under this subsection but, subject

to those provisions, the rules regulating the procedure of the Commission may provide as to the manner in which any such security is to be given and as to the return of any such security.

25. For the purposes of Part I. of this Act the Definition expression " securities " includes stocks and shares, and of securities,

the expression "debentures " includes debenture stock.

26. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Mining Short title

Industry Act, 1926. and extent.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULE. Section 14.

Provisions or the Finance (1909-10) Act, 1910

APPLIED.

20.—(3) Every proprietor of any coal and every person

to whom any rent is paid in respect of any right to work coal

or of any mineral wayleave in connection with coal shall, upon notice being given to him by the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue requiring him to give particulars as to the amount received by him in respect of the right or wayleave, as the case

Q2

244

Ch. 28.

Mining Industry 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

may be, and where the proprietor is working the coal, particulars

as to the coal worked, make a return in the form required by

the notice, and within the time, not being less than thirty days,

specified in the notice, and in default shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds to be recovered in the High Court.

(4) Royalties welfare levy shall be assessed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and shall be payable at any time after the first day of January in the year for which the levy is

charged, and any such levy for the time being unpaid shall be

recoverable as a debt due to His Majesty from the proprietor of the coal where the proprietor is working the coal, and in any other case from the immediate lessor of the working lessee. As between the immediate lessor and the working lessee, the levy shall be

borne by the immediate lessor, notwithstanding any contract to

the contrary, whether made before or after the passing of this Act.

21.—(1) Any immediate lessor who under this Act pays any royalties welfare levy, and is himself a lessee of the right to work the coal or of the wayleave in respect of which the levy is paid,

shall be entitled to deduct from the rent paid by him in respect

of the right to work the coal or the wayleave, as the case may be,

to his lessor a sum equal to the royalties welfare levy on a rental value of the same amount as the rent payable; and any person from whose rent any such deduction is made may make a similar deduction from any rent paid by him in respect of the right to

work the coal or in respect of the wayleave, as the case may be.

(2) Any person in receipt of rent from which a deduction may be made under this paragzaph shall allow the deduction, and the person making the deduction shall be discharged from the payment of an amount of rent equal to the amount deducted, and any contract for the payment of rent without allowing such a

deduction shall be void.

(3) If any person refuses to allow a deduction which he is required to allow under this section, he shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding fifty pounds to be recovered in the High Court.

(4) Where in any special case royalties welfare levy has been charged on a rental value based on a rent which has been substituted under the provisions for determining rental value applied by this Act for the rent actually payable by the working lessee, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall, on the application of any lessor from whose rent a deduction may be

made in respect of royalties welfare levy, make a corresponding substitution or reduction as regards that rent, if they consider that the grounds for the substitution or reduction, as the case may be, are applicable in the case of the rent with respect to

which the application is made.

102(3.

Adoption of Children

Act, 1.926.

Ch. 29.

245

CHAPTER 29.

An Act to make provision for the adoption of infants.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

Spiritual* and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Upon an application in the prescribed manner

by any person desirous of being authorised to adopt an

infant who has never been married, the Court may,

subject to the provisions of this Act, make an order (in

this Act referred to as " an adoption order ") authorising the applicant to adopt that infant.

(2) A person so authorised to adopt the infant and

an infant authorised to be adopted are in this Act referred

to as an " adopter " and an " adopted child " respectively,

and " infant" means a person under the age of twenty-one.

(3) Where an application for an adoption order is

made by two spouses jointly, the Court may make the order authorising the two spouses jointly to adopt, but save as aforesaid no adoption order shall be made authorising more than one person to adopt an infant.

2. — (1) An adoption order shall not be made in any case where—

(a) the applicant is under the age of twenty-five years, or

(b) the applicant is less than twenty-one years older than the infant in respect of whom the application

is made:

Provided that, where the applicant and the infant are within the prohibited degrees of consanguinity, it shall be lawful for the court,

if it thinks fit, to make the order notwithstanding that the.applicant is less than twenty-

one years older than the infant.

Power to

make adoption orders.

Restrictions

on making adoption orders.

246

Ch. 29.

Adoption of Children 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(2) An adoption order shall not be made in any case where the sole applicant is a male and the infant in

respect of whom the application is made is a female unless the Court is satisfied that there are special circumstances which justify as an exceptional measure the making of an adoption order.

(3) An adoption order shall not be made except with the consent of every person or body who is a parent

or guardian of the infant in respect of whom the application is made or who has the actual custody of the infant

or who is liable to contribute to the support of the infant:

Provided that the Court may dispense with any consent required by this subsection if satisfied that the person whose consent is to be dispensed with has abandoned or deserted the infant or cannot be found or is

incapable of giving such consent or, being a person liable

to contribute to the support of the infant, either has persistently neglected or refused to contribute to such support or is a person whose consent ought, in the opinion of the court and in all the circumstances of the case, to be dispensed with.

(4) An adoption order shall not be made upon the application of one of two spouses without the consent of the other of them:

Provided that the court may dispense with any consent required by this subsection if satisfied that the person whose consent is to be dispensed with cannot

be found or is incapable of giving such consent or that the spouses have separated and are living apart and that the separation is likely to be permanent.

(5) An adoption order shall not be made in favour of any applicant who is not resident and domiciled in

England or Wales or in respect of any infant who (s not

a. British subject and so resident.

Matters 3. The Court before making an adoption order shall with respect be satisfied—

to which

Court to be (a) that every person whose consent is necessary satisfied. under this Act and whose consent is not dispensed with has consented to and understands the nature and effect of the adoption order for

1926.

Adoption of Children

Act, 1926.

Ch. 29.

247

which application is made, and in particular in

the case of any parent understands that the effect of the adoption order will be permanently

to deprive him or her of his or her parental rights; and

(b) that the order if made will be for the welfare of the infant, due consideration being for this purpose given to the wishes of the infant, having regard to the age and understanding of the infant; and

(c) tfiat the applicant has not received or agreed

to receive, and that no person has made or given,

or agreed to make or give to the applicant, any payment or other reward in consideration of the adoption except such as the court may sanction.

4. The Court in an adoption order may impose such Terms and terms and conditions as the Court may think fit and in condition of particular may require the adopter by bond or otherwise order.

to make for the adopted child such provision (if any) as

in the opinion of the Court is just and expedient.

5. —(I) Upon an adoption order being made, all Effect of rights, duties, obligations and liabilities of the parent or adoption parents, guardian or guardians of the adopted child, in order -

relation to the future custody, maintenance and education of the adopted child, including all rights to appoint

a guardian or to consent or give notice of dissent to

marriage shall be extinguished, and all such rights,

duties, obligations and liabilities shall vest in and be

exercisable by and enforceable against the adopter as

though the adopted child was a child bom to the adopter

in lawful wedlock, and in respect of the same matters and in respect of the liability of a child to maintain its parents the adopted child shall stand to the adopter exclusively in the position of a child born to the adopter

in lawful wedlock:

Provided that, in any case where two spouses are the adopters, such spouses shall in respect of the matters aforesaid and for the purpose of the jurisdiction of any court to make orders as to the custody and maintenance

of and right of access to children stand to each other and to the adopted child in the same relation as they

248 Ch. 29. Adoption of Children 10 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

would have stood if they had been the lawful father and mother of the adopted child, and the adopted child shall stand to them respectively in the same relation as a

child would have stood to a lawful father and mother respectively.

(2) An adoption order shall not deprive the adopted child of any right to or interest in property to which,

hut for the order, the child would have been entitled under any intestacy or disposition, whether occurring or

made before or after the making of the adoption order,

or confer on the adopted child any right to 6r interest

in property as a child of the adopter, and the expressions " child, " " children " and " issue " where used in

any disposition whether made before or after the making

of an adoption order, shall not, unless the contrary intention appears, include an adopted child or children

or the issue of an adopted child.

(3) Where an adopted child or the spouse or issue

of an adopted child takes any interest in real or personal property under a disposition by the adopter, or where

an adopter takes any interest in real or personal property under a disposition by an adopted child or the spouse or

issue of an adopted child, any succession, legacy or other duty which becomes leviable in respect thereof shall be

payable at the same rate as if the adopted child had been a child born to the adopter in lawful wedlock.

(4) For the purposes of this section " disposition "

means an assurance of any interest in property by any instrument whether inter vivos or by will including codicil.

(5) For the purposes of the enactments relating

to friendly societies, collecting societies and industrial assurance companies, which enable such societies and companies to insure money to be paid for funeral expenses, and which restrict the persons to whom money may be paid on the death of a child under the age of ten, the adopter shall be deemed to be the parent of the child; and where before the adoption order was made any such insurance had been effected by the natural parent of the child, the rights and liabilities under the policy shall by virtue of the adoption order be transferred to the adopter, and the adopter shall, for the purposes of the said enactments, be treated as the person who took out the policy.

192(5.

Adoption of Children

' Act, 1926.

Ch. 29.

249

6. —(1) Upon any application for an adoption order,

the Court may postpone the determination of the application and may make an interim order (which shall not he an adoption order for the purposes of this Act) giving the custody of the infant to the applicant for a period not exceeding two years by way of a

probationary period upon such terms as regards provision for the maintenance and education and supervision of the welfare of the infant and otherwise as the Court may think fit.

(2) All’such consents as are required to an adoption order shall be necessary to an interim order but subject

to a like power on the part of the Court to dispense with any such consent.

7. An adoption order or an interim order may be

made in respect of an infant who has already been the subject of an adoption order, and, upon any application for such further adoption order, the adopter or adopters under the adoption order last previously made shall, if

living, be deemed to be the parent or parents of the infant for all the purposes of this Act.

8. —(1) The Court having jurisdiction to make adoption orders under this Act shall be the High Court

or, at the option of the applicant, but subject to any rules under this section, any county court or any Court

of summary jurisdiction within the jurisdiction of which either the applicant or the infant resides at the date of the application for the adoption order.

(2) Rules in regard to any matter to be prescribed under this Act and directing the manner in which applications to the Court are to be made and dealing generally with all matters of procedure and incidental matters arising out of this Act and for carrying this Act into effect shall be made by the Lord Chancellor.

Such rules may provide for applications for adoption orders being heard and determined otherwise than in open

Court, and where the application is made to a court of summary jurisdiction, for the hearing and determination thereof in a juvenile court as defined by the Children

Act, 1908.

(3) For the purpose of any application under this Act and subject to any rules under this section, the

Power to

make interim orders.

Power to

make subsequent order in

respect of infant already subject to an

order.

Jurisdiction and procedure.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 67.

250

Ch. 29.

Restriction

on payments.

Provisions

as to

existing

de facto adoptions.

Adopted children register

Adoption of Children 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Court shall appoint some person or body to act as

guardian ad litem of the infant upon the hearing of the application with the duty of safeguarding the interests

of the infant before the Court, and where the body so

appointed is a local authority the Court may authorise the authority to incur any necessary expenditure, and may direct out of which fund or rate such expenditure

is to be defrayed, but nothing in this section shall be

deemed to authorise the Court to appoint a local authority to act as guardian ad litem of an infant except with the consent of that authority.

9. It shall not be lawful for any adopter or for any parent or guardian except with the sanction of the Court

to receive any payment or other reward in consideration

of the adoption of any infant under this Act or for any person to make or give or agree to make or give to any adopter or to any parent or guardian any such payment

or reward.

10. Where at the date of the commencement of this Act any infant is in the custody of, and being brought

up, maintained and educated by any person or two spouses jointly as his, her or their own child under any

de facto adoption, and has for a period of not less than two years before such commencement been in such custody, and been so brought up, maintained and educated,

the Court may, upon the application of such person or

spouses, and notwithstanding that the applicant is a

male and the infant a female, make an adoption order authorising him, her or them to adopt the infant without requiring the consent of any parent or guardian of the infant to be obtained, upon being satisfied that in all the circumstances of the case it is just and equitable and for the welfare of the infant that no such consent should be required and that an adoption order should

be made.

11. —(1) The Registrar-General shall establish and maintain at the General Register Office a register to be

called the Adopted Children Register, in which shall be

made such entries as may be directed to be made therein

by adoption orders, but no other entries.

(2) Every adoption order shall contain a direction

to the Registrar-General to make in the Adopted Children

1926.

Adoption of Children

Act, 1926.

Ch. 29.

251

Register an entry recording the adoption in the form set out in the Schedule hereto.

(3) If upon any application for an adoption order there is proved to the satisfaction of the Court—

(a) the date of the birth of the infant; and

(b) the identity of the infant with a child to which any entry or entries in the Registers of Births relates;

the adoption order shall contain a further direction to '

the Registrar-General to cause such birth, entry or entries

in the Registers of Birth, to be marked with the word

" Adopted, " and to include in the entry in the adoption register recording the adoption the date stated in the order of the adopted child’s birth in the manner indicated

in the Schedule hereto.

(4) The prescribed officer of the Court shall cause every adoption order to be communicated in the prescribed manner to the Registrar-General, and upon receipt

of such communication the Registrar-General shall* cause compliance to be made with the directions contained in

such order in regard both to marking any entry in the

Registers of Birth with the word "Adopted, " and in

regard to making the appropriate entry in the Adopted

Children Register.

(5) A certified copy of any entry in the Adopted

Children Register if purporting to be sealed or stamped with the seal of the General Register Office shall, without any further or other proof of such entry—

(a) where the entry does not contain any record

of the date of the birth of the adopted child

be received as evidence of the adoption to which the same relates; and

(6) where the entry contains a record of the date

of the birth of the adopted child shall be received not only as evidence of the adoption to which the same relates but also as evidence of the date of the birth of the adopted child to which the same relates in all respects as though the same were a certified copy of an entry in the

Registers of Births.

(b) The Registrar-General shall cause an index of the Adopted Children Register to be made and kept in

Ch. 29.

252

Adoption of Children 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

the General Register Office, and every person shall be

entitled to search such index and to have a certified copy of any entry in the Adopted Children Register in

all respects upon, and subject to the same terms, conditions and regulations as to payment of fees and otherwise

as are applicable under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1901, in respect of searches in

other indexes kept in the General Register Office, and

in respect of the supply from such office of certified

•copies of entries in the certified copies of the Registers

of Births, Deaths and Marriages. *

(7) The Registrar-General shall, in addition to the

Adopted Children Register and the index thereof, keep such other registers and books, and make such entries therein as may be neeessarjr, to record and make traceable the connexion between any entry in the register of births which has been marked " Adopted " pursuant

to this Act and any corresponding entry in the Adopted

Children Register, but such last-mentioned registers and booka shall not be nor shall any index thereof be open

to public inspection or search, nor, except under an

ordef of a court of competent jurisdiction, shall the

Registrar-General furnish any person with any information contained in or with any copy or extract from any such registers or books.

(8) Regulations made by the Registrar-General under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1901,

may make provision as to the duties to be performed by

Superintendent Registrars and Registrars of Births and

Deaths in the execution of this Act.

Short title, 12, —(1) This Act may be cited as the Adoption of commence, children Act, 1926.

ment and extent. (2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(3) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

192G. Adoption of Children Ch. 29.

Act, 192G.

c4

Q

W

W

o

m

1

Signature of Officer deputed by Registrar-

General to attest the Entry.

I)?ite of Adoption Order and Description of Court

by which made.

(Entry to be

made as appearing in the

Adoption

Order).

Date of Birth

of Child.

(Enter date

of Birth (if

any) directed

by the

Adoption Order

to be entered,

but otherwise

no entry.)

Name and Surname, Address and Occupation of Adopter or Adopters.

(Enter name, address and

Occupation as stated in

Adoption Order.)

Sex of Adopted

Child.

(Enter Sex

as stated

in Adoption

Order.)

Name of Adopted

Child.

(Enter Name as

stated in

Adoption Order.)

1

Date of Entry.

No. of Entry.

253

254

Ch. 30.

Heather Burning

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Prohibition

of muirburn

at certain times.

CHAPTER 30.

An Act to facilitate the burning of heather in

Scotland and to extend the period in which this can be done.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall not be lawful to make muirburn or

set fire to any heath or muir except before the sixteenth day of April or after the thirtieth day of September in

any year: Provided that—•

(a) It shall be lawful for the proprietor of any lands, or for the tenant with ’the written authority of the proprietor or of his factor or

commissioner, to make muirburn or bum the heath thereon at any time during the period from the sixteenth day to the thirtieth day of April, both days inclusive; and

(b) Where the proprietor of any lands or his factor

or commissioner has refused or has failed to

give such written authority within seven days after written application therefor has been made to him by the tenant of such lands,

being a tenant who is entitled under the provisions of his lease or by virtue of an order made in pursuance of the immediately succeeding section of this Act to make muirburn

or burn the heath on such lands, the tenant may, after giving to the proprietor or his factor

or commissioner written notice of his intention

to do so, make application to the Board of Agriculture for Scotland (hereafter in this Act

referred to as the Board) and the Board may

on such application, if they are satisfied that it

is expedient to do so, by order authorise the tenant to make muirburn or burn the heath on

1926.

Heather Burning

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 30.

255

such lands during the whole or part of the period last mentioned in the year to which the order relates, in accordance with the conditions contained in the lease or in the order under the immediately succeeding section as the case may

be. A copy of any such order shall be sent by

the Board to the proprietor or his factor or

commissioner.

(2) In the case of a deer forest more than fifteen hundred feet above sea level, the foregoing subsection shall have effect as if the fifteenth day of May were substituted for the thirtieth day of April.

2.—(1) Where the tenant of any lands is precluded Regulation

by the terms of his lease or otherwise from making ° f muirburn muirburn or burning the heath thereon in such manner Agriculture

or to such extent as to him seems necessary or expedient, f or g cot .

he may, after giving to the proprietor or his factor or land,

commissioner two weeks notice in writing of his intention

to do so, make application to the Board for an order regulating muirburn on such lands.

(2) On any application under the foregoing subsection, if the Board, after such inquiry as they think fit and after considering any representations by the parties interested which may be lodged with the Board within a period fixed by them (including any representations as to the manner in which and the extent to

which muirburn or the burning of the heath has been or

is being carried out by the proprietor) are satisfied that

it is expedient to do bo, the Board may make an order regulating muirburn or the burning of the heath on such lands. Any such order may specify the lands on which,

and shall prescribe the conditions subject to which,

muirburn may be made or the heath may be burnt in

any year during the currency of the lease:

Provided always that such order shall not authorise any muirburn or burning of the heath at any time when such burning by the tenant would be in contravention of section one of this Act. A copy of any such order shall

be sent by the Board to the proprietor or his factor or

256

Ch. 30.

Heather Burning

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Offences.

Repeal.

13 Geo. 3.

c. 54.

Construction, short title and extent.

commissioner. In making any such order the Board shall have regard to—

(a) the interests of the proprietor, of the tenant and of any other person whom they may deem.

to have an interest; and

(b) the protection of woodlands and plantations.

When any such order shall have been made the tenant shall be entitled to make muirburn or burn the heath in accordance therewith, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the terms of the lease or

tenancy. In the event of the tenant contravening the order or failing to comply with any of the conditions thereof, the Board shall have power to rescind the order.

3. Any person who makes muirburn or sets fire

to or burns the heath or causes or procures the making

of muirburn, or the setting fire to or burning of the heath on any lands in contravention of section one of this Act shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable

on summary conviction to a fine nob exceeding five pounds or to imprisonment for any period not exceeding thirty days, and in the case of a second or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds or

to imprisonment for any period not exceeding three months.

4. Sections four, five, six and seven of the Game

(Scotland) Act, 1772, are hereby repealed.

5. — (1) In this Act the expression "tenant " means

a tenant for agricultural or pastoral purposes and in the case of a common grazing includes the committee appointed under the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts,

1886 to 1919, and the expression "lease " in relation to

such common grazing includes regulations made or

approved by the Land Court under the said Acts.

(2) This Act may be cited as the Heather Burning

(Scotland) Act, 1926, and shall extend to Scotland only.

1926. Home Counties Ch. 31.

(Music and Dancing) Licensing Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 31.

An Act to amend the law as regards music and dancing licences in parts of certain Home

Counties and in certain county boroughs adjacent thereto.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual <pid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. This Act may be cited as the Home Counties

(Music and Dancing) Licensing Act, 1926, and shall apply within the areas set out in the First Schedule to this Act

(in this Act referred to as the "scheduled areas"), and shall come into operation on the first day of January,

one thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight.

2. For the purposes of this Act, the expressions

" county " and " county borough " mean respectively the administrative county or county borough in which the premises requiring a licence are situate, and the expression " council" means the council of such county

or county borough, and the expression "licence " means

a licence granted under this Act, and the expression

" licensed " shall be construed accordingly.

3.—(1) After the commencement of this Act, a'place within the scheduled areas shall not be kept for the purposes of public dancing, singing, music, or any other public entertainment of the like kind (in this Act referred

to as " entertainment'purposes ") without a licence.

(2) The council may grant licences for any period,

not exceeding t hir teen months, to such persons as they think fit to keep or use places for entertainment purposes

on such terms and conditions and subject to such restrictions as they think fit.

(3) The council may, if they think fit, make regulations prescribing generally the terms, conditions and restrictions on and subject to which licences are to be granted,

and, where any such regulations are in force, every licence shall (without prejudice to the power of the council to

grant a licence on and subject to any special terms,

R

■ 257

Short title,

application and com-

mencement.

Definition.

Grant and conditions of licences.

258 Ch. 31. Home Counties 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

{Music and Dancing)Licensing Act, 1926.

conditions or restrictions) be deemed to be granted subject to the regulations.

Prima facie evidence of any regulations so made may be given in any legal proceedings by the production

of a copy purporting to be certified to be a true copy by

the clerk or some other officer of the council authorised

to give a certificate for the purposes of this provision,

and no proof shall be required of the handwriting or

official position or authority of any person giving such a

certificate. 0

(4) The council may transfer any licence to any person whom they think fit..

(5) There shall on the grant of a licence be paid by

the person applying therefor such fee, not exceeding twenty shillings, or in the case of a licence granted for the sole purpose of a charitable entertainment not exceeding five shillings, as the council may determine, and on the transfer of a licence such fee, not exceeding five shillings,

as the council may determine.

(6) Save as hereinafter provided, no licence or

transfer shall be granted unless the applicant has given twenty-one days’ notice to the clerk of the council and

to the superintendent of police, or to the chief constable

of the borough, as the case may be, in which the place

is situated of his intention to apply for the licence or

transfer, and has for twenty-one days kept a copy of the notice posted in a conspicuous position on the exterior

of the place to which the application relates, and on the consideration of the application by the council the police and any person living in the neighbourhood of the place whom the council deem to be concerned shall be entitled

to be heard:

Provided that—

(a) the provisions of this subsection as to notice shall not apply in the case of an application

by any person for the grant of a licence in

respect of any place by way of renewal, on

the same terms and conditions, of a licence held

at the date of the application by that person

in respect of that place; and

(b) a licence for a period not exceeding fourteen days may be granted notwithstanding that the provisions of this subsection as to notice

1926.

Home Counties Ch. 31.

(Music and Dancing) Licensing Act, 1926.

259

to the clerk of the council have not been complied with, and in the case of an application for such a licence the notice required to be

given to the superintendent of police or the chief constable, as the case may be, shall be

seven instead of twenty-one days.

(7) If any place is kept for entertainment purposes without a licence, the person so keeping the place and,

unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that the place is so kept without his consent or connivance,

any person occupying or rated as occupier of the place shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding five pounds for every day on which the place

is so kept.

(8) Except where the period for which the licence is

in force does not exceed fourteen days, there shall be

affixed and kept affixed in some conspicuous place, and

so as to be easily legible, on or immediately over and on

the outer side of the main entrance of every licensed place the words "Licensed in pursuance of Act of Parliament for . , " with the addition of words showing the purpose for which the place is licensed.

(9) A place notwithstanding that it is licensed shall not, except with the written permission of the council, be

used for entertainment purposes at any time during the period beginning at midnight and ending at midday:

Provided that, if on any special occasion a special order of exemption has been granted under section fifty-

seven of the Licensing (Consolidation) Act, 1910, in

respect of any licensed place, no penalty shall be incurred

on account of that place being used for any of the purposes aforesaid on that occasion from midnight until the hour specified in the special order of exemption as the hour for closing.

(10) The affixing and keeping affixed of such an

inscription as aforesaid, and the observance of the days and hours of opening and closing, shall be made a condition

of every licence.

(11) If the holder of a licence acts in contravention

of or fails to comply with any term, condition or

restriction on or subject to which the licence was granted,

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a penalty not exceeding twenty pounds, and in the case of a continuing

10 Edw. 7.

c. 24.

260 Ch. 31. Home Counties 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Music and Dancing) Licensing Act, 1926.

offence to a daily penalty not exceeding five pounds for each day on which the contravention continues after conviction therefor, and the licence of any person so

convicted may be revoked by the council.

(12) Any constable authorised in that behalf by a

warrant granted by a justice of the peace may enter any place in respect of which he has reason to suspect that

an offence under this Act is being committed.

25 Geo. 2. (13) Section eight of the Disorderly Houses Act,

c. 36. 1751, (which provides that any persons appearing as

masters of, or having the care of, certain places are to

be deemed to be the keepers thereof), shall apply, for the purposes of proceedings under this Act, as it applies for the purposes of proceedings under that Act.

(14) Any sums received on account of fees under this section shall be carried to the credit of the county fund or borough fund, as the case may be:

Provided that, where any sums are so received

by the council of an urban district acting in the exercise

of powers delegated to the council under this Act, those sums shall be carried to the district fund.

Power to 4.—(1) A council may delegate all or any of its delegate. powers under this Act to a committee consisting wholly

or partly of members of the council.

(2) A council being the council of a comity may also delegate all or any of its powers under this Act,

other than the power to make regulations, to the council

of an urban district having a population, according to

the last census, for the time being of not less than twenty thousand, so far as relates to places within that district.

Savings. 5. Nothing in this Act shall exempt any person or

place from the provisions of any other enactment requiring the licensing for any purposes of that person or

place or shall apply to any entertainment provided by

a local authority in a park, garden or other place in the control of the local authority, or in any building thereon.

Repeal. 6 . —(1) The enactments mentioned in the Second

Schedule to this Act, so far as they apply to the scheduled areas, are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

1926.

Home Counties Ch. 31.

(Music and Dancing) Incensing Act, 1926.

201

(2) Nothing in this section shall affect the validity

of any licence granted in respect of any place within the scheduled areas under any enactment repealed by this Act, and any such licence shall have effect as if it had been duly granted under this Act, and shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, continue in force until the expiration

of the period for which it was granted.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

So much of the administrative counties of—

Buckinghamshire,

Essex,

Hertfordshire,

Kent,

as lies within 20 miles of the City of London or the City of Westminster whichever may be the nearer to them.

The county boroughs of—

Croydon,

East Ham,

West Ham.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Session and

Chapter.

Enactment repealed.

Extent of repeal.

25 Geo. II.,

The Disorderly Houses Act,

Sections two and three.

c. 36.

1751.

38 & 39 Vict..,

The Public Entertainments

The whole Act.

c. 21.

Act, 1875.

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Erith Improvement Act,

Section eighty-one.

c. civ.

1920.

Section 1.

Section 6.

2G2

.Ch. 32.

Midwives and Maternity

Homes Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Amendment

of s. 1 (2) of Midwives

Act, 1902.

2 Edw. 7.

c. 17.

Amendments of Midwives

Act, 1918

CHAPTER 32.

An Act to amend the Mid wives Acts, 1902 and

1918, and to provide for the registration and inspection of maternity homes, and for purposes connected therewith.

[4th August 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Amendment of the Mxdwives Acts, 1902 and 1918.

1. The following subsection shall be substituted for subsection (2) of section one of the Midwives Act, 1902,

(which relates to certification of midwives):—

" (2) If any person, being either a male person, or a woman not certified under this Act, attends a woman in childbirth otherwise than under the direction and personal supervision of a duly qualified medical practitioner,

that person shall, unless he or she satisfies the court that the attention was given in a case of sudden or urgent necessity, be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds:

Provided that the provisions of this subsection shall not apply in the case of a person who,

while undergoing training with a view to becoming

a duly qualified medical practitioner or a certified midwife, attends a woman in childbirth as part of a course of practical instruction in midwifery recognised by the General Medical Council or by

the Central Midwives Board."

2. — (1) Where a midwife has been suspended from practice in order to prevent the spread of infection she shall, if she was not herself in default, be entitled to recover from the local supervising authority such amount by

way of compensation for loss of practice as is reasonable

in the circumstances of the case.

1926. Midwives and Maternity Ch. 32. 263

Homes Act, 1926.

In subsection (2) of section six of the Midwives 8&9 Geo.5.

Act, 1918, the words from " or where " to " infection " c - 43.

shall be repealed.

(2) Subsection (2) of section fourteen of the Midwives

Act, 1918 (which imposes a condition on the payment of a fee to a medical practitioner called in to assist a

midwife in case of emergency), shall have effect as

though at the end thereof there were added the words

" and shall submit his claim within two months from

" the date on which he was called in."

(3) Subject to the sanction of the Minister of Health,

a local supervising authority may make arrangements with any pregnant women in their area for the payment

by such women to the authority, whether by instalments

or hot, of such sum as may be agreed to cover any liability which the authority may incur under section fourteen of the Midwives Act, 1918, in respect of fees payable to medical practitioners who may be called in

by midwives in pursuance of that section, and subsection (4) of that section shall not apply in the case of any woman who has entered into such an arrangement and has duly paid the agreed sum.

3.—(1) The Central Midwives Board may, if they Provision as

think fit, cause the roll of mid wives to be divided into to midwives ’

two parts, of which one shall contain the names of all ro11 -

those practising midwives whose names have been supplied to the Board by local supervising authorities

in the month of January in each year, in accordance with the provisions of section eight of the Midwives

Act, 1902, and shall be published annually, and the other shall contain the names of all other persons who are entitled to be cm the roll, and shall be published

at such intervals, not exceeding five years, as the Minister

of Health may approve.

(2) The Central Midwives Board may from time to

time by registered letter addressed to any woman whose name is included in the roll of midwives at her address

as appearing therein, inquire of her whether she has ceased practice or has changed her residence; and if

within a period of six months from the sending of such

a letter no answer is received thereto, the Board may erase the name of that person from the roll and may cancel her certificate, but without prejudice to the

264 Ch. 32. Midwives and Maternity 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Homes Act, 1926.

power of the Board subsequently to restore the name

to the roll and to re-issue the certificate if it appears proper so to do.

Regulations 4. The power of the Central Midwives Board

as to badges, to frame rules under section three of the Midwives

Act, 1902, shall include a power to frame a rule as to

the wearing of badges by certified midwives, and if any such rule is made, subsection (1) of section one of that

Act shall have effect as if the words "or badge, " were inserted therein after the word "description." *

Subsection (2) of section eight of the Midwives

Act, 1918 (which provides for the surrender by a midwife

of her certificate when her name is removed from the roll in certain circumstances), shall apply to any badge issued to any person by virtue of the provisions of this section as it applies to the certificate of a midwife.

Part II.

Registration of Maternity Homes.

Registru- 5.—(1) Any person who on or after the appointed tion. day carries on a maternity home within the meaning of this Act shall, unless that person is registered in respect

of that home, be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or, in the case of a second or

subsequent offence to imprisonment not exceeding three months either in lieu of or in addition to any such fine.

(2) Application for registration shall be made to

the local supervising authority in writing in the form prescribed by the Minister of Health, and shall be

accompanied by a fee of five shillings.

All fees received by a local supervising authority under this section shall be paid into the county fund

or the borough fund as the case may be.

(3) Subject as hereinafter provided, the local supervising authority on the receipt of an application for registration shall register the applicant in respect of the maternity home named in the application:

Provided that the authority may refuse to register the applicant if they are satisfied—

(a) that the applicant or any person employed by

the applicant at the home is not a fit person,

192C.

Midwives and Maternity

Homes Act, 1926.

Ch. 32.

265

whether by reason of age or otherwise, to carry

on or to be employed at a maternity home; or

(b) that for reasons connected with situation, construction, accommodation, staffing or equipment,

the home or any premises used in connection therewith are not fit to be used for a

maternity home, or that the home or the premises are used or to be used for purposes which are in any way improper or undesirable

in. the case of a maternity home.

6. Subject as hereinafter provided, a local supervising authority may at any time cancel the registration

of any person or home for any reason which would entitle them to refuse an application for registration, or by

reason of a conviction for an offence against this Part

of this Act in respect of that person or home.

7. — (1) Before making an order refusing an application for registration or cancelling any registration the local supervising authority shall give to the applicant or

to the person registered, as the case may be, not less than fourteen days notice of their intention to make such an

order setting out the reasons why they intend to make the order, and giving the applicant or person notice that if,

within fourteen days of the receipt of the notice he informs the authority in writing of his desire so to do, the authority will give him or his representative an opportunity before the order is made of showing cause why the order should not be made.

(2) If after giving any such person or his representative an opportunity of being heard the authority decide

to refuse the application for registration or to cancel the registration, they shall make an order to that effect and shall send a copy of the order to that person.

(3) Such an order shall not come into force until the expiration of fourteen days from the date on which the order was made, or, where notice of appeal has been given against the order, until the appeal has been decided or

withdrawn.

(4) Any person aggrieved by an order made under this section may appeal against the order to a court of summary jurisdiction within fourteen days after the date

on which the order was made, and the appellant or

Cancellation

of registration.

Notice of refusal or

cancellation

of registration.

266

Cir. 32.

Byelaws.

38 & 39 Vict,

e. 55.

Inspection

of maternity homes.

Midwives and Maternity 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Homes Act, 1926.

the local supervising authority, if aggrieved by the order made by the court of summary jurisdiction on

any such appeal, may appeal against the order to a

court of quarter sessions in manner prescribed "by the

Summary Jurisdiction Acts.

8. —(1) The local supervising authority may make byelaws—

(a) with respect to records to be kept of patients received into and children born in a maternity home, and of children so born who are removed from the home otherwise than to the custody or care of any parent, guardian, or

relative;

(b) as to notification of any death and the cause thereof occurring in a maternity home.

(2) The provisions of sections one hundred and eighty-two to one hundred and eighty-six of the Public

Health Act, 1875, shall, so far as they relate to byelaws made by an urban sanitary authority, apply to byelaws made under this section.

(3) In every maternity home there shall on and after the appointed day be exhibited in a conspicuous place the certificate of registration relating to the home.

9. —(1) An officer duly authorised by the local supervising authority may, subject to such regulations

as may be made by the authority, at all reasonable times enter and inspect any premises which are used,

or which that officer has reasonable cause to believe

to be used, for the purposes of 'a maternity home, and

to inspect any records required to be kept in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Act.

(2) If any person refuses to allow any such officer

to enter or inspect the premises, or obstructs any such officer in the execution of his duty under this section,

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Part of this Act, and shall be liable, on summary conviction,

to a fine not exceeding five pounds, together with, in

the case of a continuing offence, a fine not exceeding two pounds in respect of each day on which the offence continues after the date of conviction.

1920.

Midwives and Maternity

Homes Act, 1926.

Ch. 32.

267

10. Where a person convicted of an offence against Offences by

this Part of this Act is a company, the chairman and companies,

every director and every officer concerned in the management of the company shall be guilty of the like offence, unless he proves that the act constituting the offence took place without his knowledge or consent.

11 .— (1) A local supervising authority may grant Power to

exemption from the operation of this Part of this Act in exempt respect of— certain institutions

(a) any hospital or other premises for the conduct from

of which a duly qualified medical practitioner Part II.

resident therein is responsible; or

(b) any hospital or institution not carried on for profit and not used mainly as a maternity home.

(2) A local supervising authority may at any time withdraw an exemption granted by it under this section.

(3) Any person who is aggrieved by the refusal of a

local supervising authority to grant exemption under this section in respect of any hospital, premises or

institution, or by the withdrawal of any such exemption previously granted by the authority, may appeal against the refusal or withdrawal to the Minister of Health, and the Minister, after considering the matter, shall give such directions therein as he thinks proper, and the authority shall comply with any directions so given.

Part III.

General.

12. In this Act unless the context otherwise Interpreta-

requires:— tion.

The expressions " register " and " registration "

mean register and registration under Part II. of this Act;

The expression "appointed day" means the first day of January nineteen hundred and twenty-

seven;

The expression "maternity home" means any premises used or intended to be used for the reception of pregnant women or of women immediately after childbirth, but shall not include any hospital or other premises maintained

268

Ch. 32, 33. Midwives and Maternity 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Homes Act, 1926.

Repeal.

13 Geo. 3.

c. 82.

Short title,

construction, extent and saving.

or controlled by a Government Department or

local authority, or by any other body of persons constituted by special Act of Parliament or

incorporated by Royal Charter;

The expression "offence against this Part of this Act" includes an offence against any byelaws made under Part II. of this Act.

13. As from the passing of this Act it shall not be

necessary to obtain a licence for the establishment of a

lying-in hospital in accordance with the provisions of the Lying-in Hospitals Act, 1773, and accordingly sections one, two and four of that Act are hereby repealed:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect any provisions of that Act relating to the law with respect to settlement.

14. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Midwives and Maternity Homes Act, 1926, and shall be construed as one with the Midwives Acts, 1902 and 1918,

and those Acts and this Act may be cited together as

the Midwives and Maternity Homes Acts, 1902 to 1926.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

(3) Nothing in this Act shall affect the provisions of any local Act.

CHAPTER 33.

An Act to apply a sum out, of the Consolidated

Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, and to appropriate the further Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[22nd November 1926.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT7 E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects,

VV the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the supply which we have cheerfully granted

1926.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 33.

269

to Your Majesty in this session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the sum hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your

Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

he authority of the same, as follows:—

GAant out of Consolidated Fund.

1, The Treasury may issue out of the Consolidated Issue of Fund of the United Kingdom, and apply towards making £3, 545,000

good the supply granted to His Majesty for the service of ° ut of .

the year ending on the thirty-first day of March, one 1 d

thousand nine hundred and twenty-seven, the sum of three million five hundred and forty-five thousand pounds.

2.—(1) The Treasury may borrow from any person,

by the issue of Treasury Bills or otherwise, and the Bank

of England and the Bank of Ireland may advance to the

Treasury on the credit of the said sum, any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole three million five hundred and forty-five thousand pounds.

(2) The date of payment of any Treasury Bills issued under this section shall be a date not later than the thirty-first day of March, one thousand rune hundred and twenty-seven, and section six of the Treasury Bills 40 & 41 Vict.

Act, 1877 (which relates to the renewal of bills), shall c - 2 -

not apply with respect to those bills.

(3) Any money borrowed otherwise than on Treasury

Bills shall be repaid, with interest not exceeding five pounds per cent, per annum, out of the growing produce

of the Consolidated Fund, at any period not later than the next succeeding quarter to that in which the money was borrowed.

(4) Any money borrowed under this section shall be

placed to the credit of the account of the Exchequer, and shall form part of the said Consolidated Fund, and be

available in any manner in which such Fund is available.

Power for the Treasury

to borrow.

270

Ch. 33.

Appropriation of sums voted for supply services.

Short title.

Section 3.

Section 3.

Appropriation (No. 2) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Appropriation op Grants.

3. All sums granted by this Act out of the said

Consolidated Fund towards making good the supply granted to His Majesty, amounting, as appears by

Schedule (A), in the aggregate, to the sum of three million five hundred and forty-five thousand pounds, are appropriated for the services and purposes expressed in

Schedule (B) annexed hereto.

The abstract of schedules and schedules annexed hereto, with the notes (if any) to such schedules, shall

be deemed to be part of this Act in the same manner as

if they had been contained in the body thereof.

4. This Act may be cited for all purposes as the

Appropriation (No. 2) Act, 1926.

ABSTRACT

OF

SCHEDULES (A.) and (B.) to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

£ s. d.

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund - - 3, 545,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)— Appropriation of Grants.

1926-1927, Supply Grants.

£ s. d.

Civil Services (Supplementary), 1926-27 - 3, 250,000 0 0

Revenue Departments (Supplementary), 1926-27 295,000 0 0

3, 545,000 0 0

Total

1926.

Appropriation (No. 2)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 33.

271

SCHEDULE (A.)

SCHED. (A.)

Grants out of the Consolidated Fund.

For the service of the year ending on the

31st day of March 1927 :—

£ s. d.

Under this Act. 3, 545,000 0 0

Total. 3, 545,000 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

Civil Services and Revenue Departments

(Supplementary), 1926-27.

Schedule of Supplementary Sums granted to defray the

Charges for the Services herein particularly mentioned for the

Year ending on the 31st day of March 1927, viz, :—

CIVIL SERVICES.

Unclassified Service. Supply Grants.

Sums not exceeding

For relief arising out of unemployment - 3, 250,000

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

For the salaries and expenses of the Post

Office, including Telegraphs and Telephones 295,000

272

Ch. 34.

Police Pensions

Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Increase of rateable deductions.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 31.

Power to

return rateable deductions

in certain circumstances.

CHAPTER 34.

An Act to increase the rateable deductions to be

made from the pay of the police and to authorise, in certain circumstances, the return of rateable deductions in the case of members

of police forces retired or dismissed after the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and nineteen.

[22nd November 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The rateable deductions to be made from the pay of every member of a police force under section nineteen of the Police Pensions Act, 1921 (hereinafter referred to as the principal Act), shall be at the rate

of five per cent, of his pay, and that section shall have effect accordingly.

2.—(1) Where, after the thirtieth day of June,

nineteen hundred and nineteen, and before the commencement of the principal Act, a member of a police force left the force without a pension or gratuity and in circumstances which did not enable him to reckon his service

in the force for the purpose of pension, the police authority may, if they think fit, —

(a) if he so left the force on retiring (whether .

voluntarily or as an alternative to dismissal),

either pay to liim the whole or any part of any rateable deductions which had been made from his pay or apply the same in such manner as

they think fit for the benefit of his wife or

widow or children, if any; or

(b) if he so left the force on being dismissed, apply the whole or any part of such rateable deductions

as aforesaid in such manner as they think fit for the benefit of his wife or wido^y or children,

if any.

(2) This section shall not apply to Scotland.

1926. Police Pensions Ch. 34, 35. 27 i >

Act, 1926.

3. This Act may be cited as the Police Pensions Short title

Act, 1926, and shall be construed as one with the and con-

principal Act, and that Act and this Act may be cited s truction,

together as the Police Pensions Acts, 1921 and 1926.

CHAPTER 35.

An Act to amend section eleven of the Industrial

Assurance Act, 1923, with respect to the exemption from that Act of juvenile societies.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. For section eleven of the Industrial Assurance Exemption

Act, 1923, the following section shall be substituted: of certain juvenile

" .—(1) This Act shall not apply to a juvenile societies,

society within the meaning of this section notwith- 13 & 14

standing that premiums of the juvenile members of the Geo - 5 c - 8

society are received by means of collectors, if and so

long as no premiums of any members of the society who are not juvenile members are so received.

" (2) For the purposes of this section the expression

‘ juvenile society’means a registered friendly society or

branch which consists wholly or in part of juvenile members, and which is a branch of, or is shown to the satisfaction of the Commissioner to be connected with,

a friendly society registered before the seventh day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-three, and the expression ‘ juvenile member’means a member under the age of eighteen years."

2. This Act may be cited as the Industrial Assur- Short title ance (Juvenile Societies) Act, 1926, and shall be and con-

construed as one with the Industrial Assurance Act, struetion.

1923, and that Act and this Act may be cited together

as the Industrial Assurance Acts, 1923 and 1926.

S

274

Ch. 36.

Application.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 15.

Power to

make regu lations.

• Parks Regulation 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(. Amendment) Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 36.

An Act to amend the Parks Regulation Act, 1872.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The Parks Regulation Act, 1872 (hereinafter referred to as the principal Act), shall apply to all parks,

gardens, recreation grounds, open spaces and other land for the time being vested in, or under the control or

management of, the Commissioners of Works, and accordingly in that Act the expression "park " shall include all such parks, gardens, recreation grounds, open spaces and land as aforesaid:

Provided that the provisions of the First Schedule

to the principal Act shall not apply to any park to

which those provisions did not apply immediately before the commencement of this Act.

2.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

Commissioners of Works may make such regulations to

be observed by persons using any park to which the principal Act applies, as they consider necessary for securing the proper management of the park, and the preservation of order and prevention of abuses therein,

and if any person fails to comply with, or acts in

contravention of, any regulations, so made, he shall be

guilty of an offence against the principal Act and shall

be liable on conviction thereof by a court of summary jurisdiction to a penalty not exceeding five pounds.

(2) Before any regulation made under this Act comes into operation, a draft thereof shall be laid before each

House of Parliament for a period of not less than twenty-one days on which that House has sat, and if

either House before the expiration of that period presents

an Address to His Majesty against the draft or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon,

but without prejudice to the making of any new draft regulation.

1926.

Parks Regulation •

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

Ch. 36.

275

(3) As from and after the date upon which regulations made under this Act come into operation as respects any park, all references in the principal Act to regulations shall, as respects that park, be construed as references to

regulations made under this Act.

(4) The Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, as amended

by the Documentary Evidence Act, 1882, shall apply to the

Commissioners of Works as though the Commissioners were included in the first column of the Schedule to the first-mentioned Act, and any Commissioner or the

Secretary, or any person authorised to act on behalf of the Secretary, were mentioned in the second column of that Schedule, and as if the regulations referred to in those

Acts included any regulations made under this Act.

3. Whereas under section four of the Board of Agriculture Act, 1889, the powers and duties of the

Commissioners of Works under the principal Act have,

as respects the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, been transferred to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries:

Now, therefore, this Act shall apply to the Royal

Botanic Gardens, Kew, as if references to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries were therein substituted for references to the Commissioners of Works.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Parks Regulation (Amendment) Act, 1926, and the principal Act

and this Act may be cited together as the Parks Regulation Acts, 1872 and 1926.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

(3) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the principal Act shall be construed as references to* that Act as amended by this Act,

and this Act shall be construed as one with the principal

Act.

(4) The provisions of the principal Act specified in

Part I. of the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed

as from the commencement of this Act, and the provisions of that Act specified in Part II. of the said

Schedule shall continue in force for a period of one year after the commencement of this Act and shall then be

hereby repealed.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 37.

45 & 46 Vict,

e. 9.

Application

to Royal

Botanic

Gardens,

Kew.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 30.

Short title,

citation,

extent, construction and repeal.

276

Ch. 36, 37.

Section 4.

Regulations

as to use of lead paint

Parks Regulation 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Amendment) Act, 1926.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions of Principal Act repealed.

Part I.

Provisions repealed from Commencement of Act.

Section 2.

In section 8 the words "garden or possession " in each place where those words occur.

In section 10 the word "Royal."

The Second Schedule.

Part II.

Provisions repealed upon expiration of One Year after

[Commencement of Act.]

Section 4 (so far as unrepealed).

Section 9.

The First Schedule.

CHAPTER 37.

An Act to make better provision for the protection against lead poisoning of persons employed in

painting buildings.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Secretary of State may make regulations for preventing danger from lead paint to persons employed in or in connection with the painting of buildings, and in particular—

(a) for prohibiting the use of any lead compound except in the form of paste or of paint ready for use;

1926.

Lead Paint (Protection against Poisoning) Act, 1926.

Ch. 37.

277

(b) for the prevention of danger arising from the application of lead paint in the form of spray;

(c) for prohibiting dry rubbing down and scraping;

(d) for providing for the periodical medical examination of persons employed in or in connection with painting with lead paint, and for the suspension from such employment of persons whose health is or appears likely to be injuriously affected thereby;

(e) for seeming that facilities for washing during,

and on cessation of, work are afforded to persons employed in or in connection with painting;

(f) for the use of protective clothing by persons

so employed and for preventing clothes left off during work from being soiled by paint; and

(g) for the distribution to persons so employed

of instructions with regard to hygienic precautions to be taken.

(2) The provisions of sections eighty, eighty-one and eighty-four of the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901

(which relate to procedure in connection with the malting

of regulations), shall apply as respects regulations made under this section.

2. On and after the nineteenth day of November,

nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, it shall not be

lawful to employ any woman or young person in

painting any part of a building with lead paint:

Provided that this section shall not apply to the employment of (a) persons employed as apprentices in the painting trade under arrangements approved by an

order of the Secretary of State made after consultation with the organisations, if any,

representative of the employers and workers

in the trade; or

(b) women or young persons in such special decorative or other work (not being work of an industrial character) as may be excluded from the provisions of this section by an order of the

Secretary of State; or

l Edw. 7.

c. 22.

Prohibition

of employment of women and young persons in

painting buildings with lead paint.

278

Ch. 37.

Application

of certain provisions

of the Factory and

Workshop

Act, 1901.

Registers,

returns, &c.

Power to

take samples.

Lead Paint (Protection 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

against Poisoning) Act, 1926.

(c) women who at the passing of this Act are employed in any trade which involves as part of their occupation such painting as aforesaid.

3. The provisions of section seventy-three (which relates to notification of diseases in factories) so far

as they relate to cases of lead poisoning, sections eighty-five and eighty-six (which relate respectively to

breaches and publication of regulations), sections one hundred and nineteen to one hundred and twenty-one

(which relate to powers and duties of inspectors), and

Part IX. (which relates to legal proceedings) of the

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, shall apply in any case where persons are employed in painting buildings as if

the places where they are employed were factories, and

as if the persons by whom they are employed were the occupiers of the factories, and with such further or

other modifications as may be made by order of the

Secretary of State for the purpose of making those provisions applicable to the painting of buildings.

4. —(1) Every person who employs persons in

painting buildings shall send to the Inspector of Factories for the district in which his office is situated a

notice in writing stating his name and the address of his office, and shall keep at his office a register which shall

be available for inspection by an inspector of factories

at all reasonable times, containing such particulars as to

the persons so employed by him, and as to the work on

which they are employed as may be prescribed, and shall make such returns to the Inspector of Factories for the district as may be prescribed:

Provided that this section does not apply where the persons employed are persons whosp ordinary occupation does not include the painting of buildings.

(2) Any person failing to comply with the requirements of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding three pounds.

5. —(1) Where an inspector under the Factory and Workshop Act, 1901, suspects that any substance used or intended for use in painting a building contains

a lead compound, he may at any time take for analysis sufficient samples of that substance.

(2) If any person who employs persons in painting buildings refuses to allow an inspector to take samples

1926.

Lead Paint (Protection against Poisoning) Act, 1926.

Ch. 37.

279

in pursuance of this section, or to give him facilities for the purpose, he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding three pounds:

Provided that any such person may, at the time when a sample is taken under this section, and on providing the necessary appliances, require the inspector to

divide the sample into two parts and to mark and seal and deliver to him one such part.

(3) A certificate purporting to be a certificate by the

Government Chemist at the Government Laboratory as to

the result* of an analysis of a sample under this section shall, in any proceedings under this Act, be evidence of the matters stated therein, unless either party requires the person by whom the analysis was made to be called

as a witness.

(4) It shall not be lawful for any person, except in

so far as is necessary for the purposes of a prosecution for a contravention of this Act, to publish or disclose to

any person the results of an analysis made under this section.

If any person acts in contravention of the provisions

of this subsection, he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

6. This Act shall apply where persons are employed Application

in painting buildings by or under the Crown in like to employ-

manner as if the employers were private persons. th^Crown *

7. In this Act the expression "lead paint" means Definitions,

any paint, paste, spray, stopping, filling, or other material used in painting which, when treated in a manner prescribed by rules made by the Secretary of State, yields

to an aqueous solution of hydrochloric acid, a quantity

of soluble lead compound exceeding, when calculated as

lead monoxide, five per cent, of the dry weight of the portion taken for analysis; and the expression "building "

includes fixtures.

8.—(11 This Act may be cited as the Lead Paint Short title,

(Protection against Poisoning) Act, 1926, and shall be construc-

construed as one with the Factory and Workshop Acts,

1901 to 1920.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

tion, commencement and extent.

280

Ch. 38. Local Government 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(County Boroughs and Adjustments) Act, 1926.

Limitation

of power to

constitute county boroughs.

51 & 52 Vict,

c. 41.

Provisions

as to the extension

of county boroughs.

CHAPTER 38.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the constitution and extension of county boroughs,

and to amend the Local Government (Adjustments) Act, 1913.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of Ahe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall not be lawful for the Minister of Health by Provisional Order to constitute a borough into a county borough, and accordingly paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of section fifty-four Of the Local Government Act, 1888, and in subsection (3) of the same section the words "or for constituting a borough into a county

" borough " shall be repealed.

(2) It shall not be lawful for the council of any borough to promote a Bill for the purpose of constituting the borough into a county borough unless the population

of the borough, according to the published returns of the last census, for the time being is seventy-five thousand

or upwards.

2.—(1) Where under section fifty-four of the Local

Government Act, 1888, a representation is made to the Minister of Health by the council of a county borough for any purpose involving the extension of the area of the county borough, the Minister shall not entertain the representation—

(a) unless he is satisfied that the council of the county borough have sent to the councils of the counties, boroughs and districts affected notice of the proposed representation, together with a draft of the order which they desire to

have made to give effect to their proposals;

• and

(6) unless no notice of objection to procedure by

Provisional Order has been sent to him by any such council within four weeks from the receipt

1926. Local Government Ch. 38. 281

(<County Boroughs and Adjustments) Act, 1926.

of the notice from the county borough council,

or unless every such notice of objection has been withdrawn.

(2) Where in consequence of any such notice of .

objection or on any other ground the Minister declines

to entertain the representation, the application for the

Provisional Order shall be deemed and taken to be a

petition for leave to bring in a Private Bill, and the notices published and served and the deposits made for the purposes of the proposed Provisional Order shall, so

far as they comply with the requirements of the Standing

Orders of the House of Lords and of the House of Commons respectively in the case of a Private Bill, be

held to have been published and served and made for

a Private Bill applying for similar powers:

Provided that the council of a county borough shall forthwith inform all persons who have objected

to the Provisional Order and other interested persons

of their intention to proceed by way of Private Bill.

3. —(1) Where the council of a borough promote Modifica-

a private Bill the sole purposes of which are to con- tions of t, ie

stitute the borough a county borough, or to extend p°^s g A c ts

the area of the borough being a county borough, and un c

purposes incidental thereto, section one of the Borough 3 Edw. 7 .

Funds Act, 1903, and the First Schedule to that Act c. 14.

(relating to the holding of meetings of electors and the taking of polls) shall not apply in relation to that Bill.

(2) The Borough Funds Acts, 1872 and 1903, as

amended by the foregoing subsection, shall extend to a

Bill having as its object the extension of the area of a

county borough, notwithstanding that that object may

be attainable by Provisional Order.

4. Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Act Saving as

shall apply to the union of two county boroughs or to union affect the powers of the Minister of Health to effect such ° f county

a union by Provisional Order. oroug s,

5. The Local Government (Adjustments) Act, 1913, Amendment

in its application to any adjustments consequent on an of 3 & 4

alteration of boundaries or other change effected after eo - 5 - c - 19 -

the passing of this Act, shall have effect as if in paragraph (2) of Part II. of the Schedule to that Act for the words "the average annual increase of burden multiplied

282 Ch. 38, 39. Local Government 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

{County Boroughs and Adjustments) Act, 1926.

by fifteen " there were substituted the following words:

" the average annual increase of burden multiplied—

" (a) so far as that increase of burden is attributable

to the cost of maintenance of roads, by twenty-

* one; and

" (b) in other cases, by fifteen."

Short title 6.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Local Govern-

and extent, ment (County Boroughs and Adjustments) Act, 1926.

(2) This Act shall extend to England and Wales only.

CHAPTER 39.

An Act to regulate the sale on commission of horticultural produce.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most ^Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows

Duty of 1 . — (1)Where in the case of any horticultural salesman to produce consigned for sale on commission the salesman deliver makes a charge by way of commission or otherwise, he

particulars shall enter in a book kept by him for the purpose the

of sales. names of the owner or consignor of the produce and

of every purchaser, and the price paid or agreed to be

paid by each purchaser, and shall as soon as practicable after the sale send by post or deliver to the owner or

consignor an account containing the following particulars :—

(a) the actual price paid or agreed to be paid for the produce, and where there is any variation

in price, the number, weight or quantity sold,

or agreed to be sold, at each price; and

(b) the commission or other charge made by the salesman for selling the produce, together with details of any charges made for services in

o connection with the sale; and

(c) the amounts, if any, paid or payable by the salesman on behalf of the owner or consignor in

connection with the sale, with details thereof.

1926.

Horticultural Produce

(Sales on Commission) Act, 1926.

Ch. 39.

283

(2) If on any such sale as aforesaid any produce is

bought by the salesman or by any person on his behalf,

the fact shall be stated in the account; but nothing

in this provision shall be construed as rendering any such transaction, if otherwise illegal, legal.

(3) If any person fails to make any entry, or send

or deliver any account, or sends an account not containing the particulars required by this section, or

makes an entry or sends or delivers an account which

is false in^ any material particular, he shall be liable

on summary conviction in the case of a first offence

to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, and in the case

of a subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds:

Provided that, in any proceedings under this section, if the defendant proves to the satisfaction of the court that the offence was due to a bona fide mistake or

accident, in spite of all reasonable precautions being taken and all due diligence exercised by the defendant

to prevent the occurrence of such offence, or the offence was due to the action of some person over whom the defendant had no control, the defendant shall be discharged from the prosecution.

(4) The provisions of this Act shall not apply to the sale of horticultural produce unless the owner or consignor sends to the salesman before the sale an advice note specifying the nature and description of the packages consigned and the contents thereof.

2. The owner or consignor of any such produce Inspection may within ten days of the delivery to him of an account of books, &e.

in pursuance of this Act, by notice in writing, require the salesman to produce any records, books, or documents

in his possession, so far as they relate to the sale of such produce, for inspection by an accountant nominated by

the owner or consignor, being an accountant possessing such qualifications as may be prescribed by the Minister

of Agriculture and Fisheries, or in Scotland by the

Board of Agriculture for Scotland, and if the salesman refuses or fails to produce for inspection, or destroys or

obliterates any such records, books or documents, or *•

obstructs the accountant in any such inspection, he shall

be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

284

Interpretation.

Short title and extent.

Ch. 39, 40. Horticultural Produce 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Sales on Commission) Act, 1926.

3. —(1) In this Act the expression "horticultural produce" means vegetables, fruit, flowers and plants.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, produce consigned for sale shall be deemed to have been consigned for sale

on commission unless at or before the sale of the produce—

(a) the salesman has received from the owner or

consignor a direction in writing to the contrary;

or

(b) the owner or consignor and the salesman have entered into an agreement in writing to the contrary;

and any such agreement may apply either to a particular consignment or generally to all such consignments as

may be specified in the agreement.

(3) Where the owner or consignor of any horticultural produce has appointed a person to act as his agent for the purposes of this Act, anything by this Act authorised

or required to be done to or by the owner or consignor may be done to or by such agent.

4. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Horticultural

Produce (Sales on Commission) Act, 1926.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 40.

An Act to confer on Courts in India and other parts of His Majesty’s Dominions jurisdiction

in certain cases with respect to the dissolution

of marriages, the parties whereto are domiciled

in England or Scotland, and to validate certain decrees granted for the dissolution of the marriage of persons so domiciled.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the Kong’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

285

1926. Indian and Colonial Ch. 40.

Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a High Divorce

Court in India to which Part IX. of the Government jurisdiction

of India Act applies shall have jurisdiction to make a of Hi 8 h

decree for the dissolution of a marriage, and as incidental ^jiaVbere thereto to make an order as to damages, alimony or p ar ti e s are maintenance, custody of children, and costs, where the domiciled in

parties to the marriage are British subjects do m iciled in England or

England os in Scotland, in any case where a court in Scotland.

India would have such jurisdiction if the parties to the marriage were domiciled in India:

Provided that—

(a) the grounds on which a decree for the dissolution of such a marriage may be granted

by any such court shall be those on which .

such a decree might be granted by the High

Court in England according to the law for the time being in force in England; and

(b) any such court in exercising such jurisdiction shall act and give relief on principles and rules as nearly as may be conformable to

those on which the High Court in England for the time being acts and gives relief; and

(c) no such court shall grant any relief under this Act except in cases where the petitioner resides in India at the time of presenting the petition and the place where the parties to

the marriage last resided together was in

India, or make any decree of dissolution of marriage except where either the marriage was solemnized’ in India or the adultery or crime complained of was committed in India; and

(d) any such court may refuse to entertain a

petition in such a case if the petitioner is

unable to show that by reason of official duty, poverty or any other sufficient cause,

he or she is prevented from taking proceedings

in the court of the country in which he or

she is domiciled, and the court shall so refuse

if it is not satisfied that in the interests of justice it is desirable that the suit should be

determined in India.

286 Ch. 40. Indian and Colonial 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926.

(2) Any such order for alimony or maintenance or

for custody of children shall have effect in India on

the making thereof, but save as aforesaid no such decree

or order shall have any force or effect either in India or

elsewhere unless and until registered in manner hereinafter provided.

(3) On production of a certificate purporting to he

signed by the proper officer of the High Court in India

by which the decree or order is made, the decree or order shall—

(a) if the parties to the marriage are domiciled in

England, be registered in the High Court in

England;

(ft) if the parties to the marriage are domiciled in

Scotland, be registered in the books of council

m and session;

and upon such registration shall, as from the date of registration, have the same force and effect, and proceedings may be taken thereunder as if it had been a

decree or order made on the date on which it was made

by the High Court in India, by the High Court in England

or the Court of Session in Scotland, as the case may be,

and, in the case of an order, proceedings may be taken for the modification or discharge thereof as if it had been such an order as aforesaid:

Provided that—

(i) the High Court in England or the Court of Session in Scotland shall not, unless the Court for special reasons sees fit so to do, entertain any application for the modification or discharge of any such order if and so long as the person on whose petition the decree for the dissolution of the marriage was pronounced is

resident in India; and

(ii) where an order for the payment of alimony has been so registered in the books of council and session, the Court of Session shall

in addition to any other power have power

in the event of any material change of circumstances to discharge or modify such order.

(4) Proceedings before a High Court in India in

exercise of the jurisdiction conferred by this Act shall

1926.

Indian and Colonial

Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926.

Ch. 40.

287

be conducted in accordance with rules made by the

Secretary of State in Council of India with the concurrence of the Lord Chancellor, and those rules shall provide—

(a) for petitions being heard before a judge or one

of two or more judges of the court nominated for the purpose by the chief justice of the court with the approval of the Lord Chancellor;

(b) for the decree or order made by such a judge being subject to appeal to two judges of the court similarly nominated without prejudice however

to any right of ultimate appeal to His Majesty

in Council;

(c) for prohibiting or restricting the exercise of the jurisdiction where proceedings for the-dissolution of the marriage have also been instituted

in England or Scotland;

(d) for preventing, in the case of a decree dissolving

a marriage between parties domiciled in Scotland,

the making of an order for the securing of a gross

or annual sum of money;

(e) for limiting cases in which applications for the modification or discharge of an order may be

entertained by the court to cases where at the time the application is made the person on

whose petition the decree for the dissolution

of the marriage was pronounced is resident in

India;

(f) for prescribing the officer of the Court empowered

to give certificates under this Act, and the form of any such certificate;

(g) for conferring ou such official as may be appointed for the purpose within the jurisdiction of each

High Court the like right of showing cause why

a decree should not be made absolute as is

exercisable in England by the King’s Proctor.

(5) The decision of a High Court in India, or on

an appeal therefrom, as to the domicile of the parties to

a marriage shall for the purposes of this Act be binding on

all courts in England, Scotland and India.

2.—(1) His Majesty may, by Order in Council, Power to

provide for applying the foregoing provisions of this extend Act

to other

288

British possessions.

Validity of certain decrees.

Short title.

Amendment

of s. 3 of the principal

Act.

26 & 27

Vict. c. 69.

Ch. 40, 41. Indian and Colonial 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926.

Act, subject to the necessary modifications, to any part

of His Majesty’s Dominions other than a self-governing dominion, in like manner as they apply to India, and,

in particular, any such Order in Council may determine the court by which the jurisdiction conferred by those provisions is to be exercised.

(2) For the purposes of this section " self-governing dominion" means the Dominion of Canada, the Commonwealth of Australia (which for this purpose shall be

deemed to include Papua and Norfolk Island), the

Dominion of New Zealand, the Union of South Africa,

the Irish Free State, Newfoundland, and the Colony of Southern Rhodesia.

3. Any decree granted under the Act of the Indian

Legislature known as the Indian Divorce Act, 1869, and confirmed or made absolute under the provisions of that

Act, for the dissolution of a marriage the parties to

which were at the time of the commencement of the proceedings domiciled in England or in Scotland, and any order made by the court in relation to any such decree shall, if the proceedings were commenced before the passing of this Act, be as valid and be deemed always

to have been as valid in all respects as though the parties to the marriage had been domiciled in India.

4. This Act may be cited as the Indian and Colonial

Divorce Jurisdiction Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 41.

An Act to amend the Officers of Royal Naval

Reserve Act, 1863.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The provisions of the Officers of Royal Naval

Reserve Act, 1863 (hereinafter referred to as " the principal

Act "), which relate to the pensions and allowances payable

to officers to whom that Act applies on disablement and to

the dependent relatives of such officers (that is to say, in

1926. Naval Reserve (Officers) Ch. 41, 42. 289

Ac *, 1926.

section three thereof the words from " and if any such person is disabled " to the end of the section), are hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof the following provision shall have effect:—

" Where any such officer sustains any disability of mind or body which is attributable to

the conditions of naval service, he may be granted

an allowance or pension in respect thereof at such rate and subject to such conditions as the

Admiralty with the consent of His Majesty in

Council may appoint, and where he is killed or

dies as the result of any wound, accident, injury

or disease attributable to the conditions of naval service, his widow, children or other dependent relatives may be granted such pension, allowances

or gratuity as the Admiralty with the like consent may appoint."

2. The consent of His Majesty in Council shall not Amendment

be necessary to rules, orders and regulations established of s. 2 of the

by the Admiralty under section two of the principal principal

Act with reference to the enrolment of persons as officers Act-

of reserve to the Royal Navy, and accordingly the words "with the consent of Her Majesty in Council " in

the said section are hereby repealed.

3. This Act may be cited as the Naval Reserve Short title

(Officers) Act, 1926, and the principal Act and this Act ana citation,

may be cited together as the Naval Reserve (Officers)

Acts, 1863 and 1926.

CHAPTER 42.

An Act to amend subsection (2) of section eleven

of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1925.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most’ Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. In subsection (2) of section eleven of the Work- Amendment men’s Compensation Act, 1925 (which relates to reviews of 15 & 16

T

290

Geo. 5.

c. 84.

s. 11 (2).

Short title.

Amendment

of 38 & 39

Vict. c. 55.

and 54 & 65

Vict. c. 76

in respect of smoke nuisances.

Ch. 42, 43. Workmen's Compensation 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

of weekly payments to workmen who were at the date

of the accident under twenty-one years of age) for the words "and before the workman attains the age of " twenty-one years " there shall be substituted the words "and the application for the review is made

" before or within six months after the workman attains

" the age of twenty-one years."

2. This Act may be cited as the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1926, and the Workmen’s Compensation

Act, 1925, and this Act may be cited together as the

Workmen’s Compensation Acts, 1925 and 1926.

CHAPTER 43.

An Act to amend the law relating to smoke nuisances and for other purposes connected therewith.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the Kong’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The provisions of the Public Health Act,

1875, relating to smoke nuisances shall be amended as

follows:—

(a) For the purposes of section ninety-one of ’the

Act a chimney (not being the chimney of a

private dwelling-house) sending forth smoke

in such quantity as to be a nuisance shall be

deemed to be a nuisance.liable to be dealt with summarily in manner provided by that Act,

notwithstanding that the smoke is not black smoke:

(b) For the purposes of sections ninety-one, ninety-

two, and one hundred and two of the Act the expression " smoke " shall include soot, ash, grit,

and gritty particles:

(c) Where the complaint upon which a summons is

issued relates to a smoke nuisance, fifty pounds shall be substituted for five* pounds as the maximum penalty which may be imposed under section ninety-six of the Act:

1926. Public Health (Smoke Ch. 43. 291

Abatement) Act, 1926.

(d) Section ninety-eight of the Act in its application

to an order relating to a smoke nuisance shall

be read as if forty shillings and five pounds were substituted therein for ten shillings and twenty shillings respectively:

(e) Section three hundred and thirty-four of the

Act shall have effect as if there were included amongst the processes specified in that section the processes of re-heating, annealing, hardening,

forging, converting and carburising iron and other metals, and if the Minister of Health makes a Provisional Order to that effect, any other industrial process specified in the Order:

Provided that the Minister may by Provisional

Order at any time after the expiration of five years from the passing of this Act exclude from the application of that section any processes specified in that section as amended by this paragraph so far as smoke nuisances are concerned. An order made under this subsection for including any process amongst the processes specified in section three hundred and thirty-

four of the Act or for excluding any process therefrom may contain conditions and limitations subject to which the inclusion or exclusion

is to take effect.

(2) The provisions of the Public Health (London) 54 & 55 Vict.

Act, 1891, relating to smoke nuisances and smoke con- °- 76 •

sumption shall be amended as follows:—

(a) For the purposes of section twenty-four of the

Act a chimney (not being the chimney of a

private dwelling-house) sending forth smoke in

such quantity as to be a nuisance shall be deemed

to be a nuisance liable to be dealt with summarily

in manner provided by that Act, notwithstanding that the smoke is not black smoke:

(b) For the purposes of sections twenty-three and twenty-four of the Act the expression "smoke "

shall include soot, ash, grit, and gritty particles:

(c) Where a notice served under section four of the

Act relates to a smoke nuisance, fifty pounds shall be substituted for ten pounds as the maximum penalty which may be imposed under subsection (4) of that section:

292

Ch. 43.

Public Health (Smoke 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Abatement) Act, 1926.

Byelaws as

to smoke.

(d) Where a nuisance order made under section five

of the Act relates to a smoke nuisance, subsection (9) of that section and subsection (3) of section six of the Act shall be read as if forty shillings and five pounds were substituted therein for twenty shillings and forty shillings respectively:

(e) In subsection (2) of section twenty-three of the

Act (which relates to penalties for non-consumption of their own smoke by furnaces)

" twenty-five pounds " and " fifty pounds "

shall be substituted for " five pounds " and

".ten pounds " respectively.

(3) In any proceedings for sending forth smoke, other than black smoke, from a chimney in such a quantity as

to be a nuisance, it shall be a defence for the person charged to show that he has used the best practicable means for preventing the nuisance, having regard to the cost and to local conditions and circumstances, and for the purposes of this subsection, the expression "best practicable means " has reference not only to the provision and efficient maintenance of adequate and proper plant for preventing the creation and emission of smoke,

but also to the manner in which such plant is used.

(4) Where, in the opinion of any officer duly authorised by a local authority to act in that behalf,

a smoke nuisance exists, he shall, as soon as practicable after he has become aware thereof, notify the occupier

of the premises on which the nuisance exists, and, if that notification was not in writing, shall, within twenty-four hours after he has become aware of the nuisance, confirm the notification in writing.

2.—(1) Any local authority may, and if so required

by the Minister of Health, shall, make byelaws regulating the emission of smoke of such colour, density, or content

as may be prescribed by the byelaws, and where such byelaws are in force the emission of smoke of the character so prescribed for such period as may be

prescribed in the byelaws either from buildings generally

to which the enactments relating to smoke nuisances apply or from such classes of those buildings as may

be so prescribed shall, until the contrary is proved, be

presumed to be a nuisance.

1926.

Public Health (Smoke

Abatement) Act, 1926.

Ch. 43.

293

(2) In the application of this section to London, the port sanitary authority of the port of London shall be the local authority within the district of that authority, but save as respects that district the London County Council shall be the local authority within the area of the county

of London and the Common Council shall be the local authority within the City of London.

(3) The provisions of the Public Health Acts, 1875

to 1925, and of the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, as

the case may be, shall apply to the making, confirming and enforcing of any byelaws made under this section.

3. For the purpose of section ninety-one of the Meaning of Public Health Act, 1875, section twenty-four of the " chimney."

Public Health (London) Act, 1891, and of this Act, the expression " chimney " shall include structures and openings of any kind whatsoever capable of emitting smoke.

4. —(1) The Minister of Health may, after a public Power to

inquiry and after consultation with any local authorities make orders

or other interests concerned, make orders— extending

, the pro-

(a) extending the fist of noxious or offensive gases visions of mentioned in section twenty-seven of the Alkali, 6 Edw. 7.

&c., Works Regulation Act, 1906; and 14 -

(b) extending the fist of works mentioned in the

First Schedule to the said Act;

and any such order may prescribe the qualifications subject to which subsection (1) of section seven of the said Act shall apply in the case of any noxious or offensive gas, or in the case of any works, included in such order.

(2) Any order made under this Act shall be laid before both Houses o*f Parliament forthwith; and if an

address is presented to His Majesty by either House

of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight days on which that House has sat after any such order

is laid before it, praying that the order may be annulled,

it shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to

the validity of anything previously done thereunder or

to the making of any new order.

(3) Where the Minister of Health is of opinion that any work is of such a character as is likely to cause the evolution of any noxious or offensive gas, he may, notwithstanding that the provisions of the Alkali, &c.

294

Power to

make byelaws respecting new buildings.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. ccxiii.

Combination of local authorities for purposes

of Act.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 73.

Powers of county councils.

Ch. 43. Public Health (Smoke 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Abatement) Act, 1926.

Works Regulation Act, 1906, may not apply to that work, authorise an inspector appointed under that Act to

enter and inspect such work, and the provisions of that

Act relating to the powers of inspectors shall apply

in respect of that work in the case of any inspector so

authorised.

5 . The powers of an urban authority under section one hundred and fifty-seven of the Public Health Act,

1875, and of the London County Council under section one hundred and sixty-four of the London Building Act,

1894, shall extend to the making of byelaws requiring the provision in new buildings other than private dwelling-houses of such arrangements for heating or

cooking as are ."calculated to prevent or reduce the emission of smoke.

6. Two or more local authorities may combine to

carry out their duties under section ninety-two of the

Public Health Act, 1875, in respect of smoke nuisances,

and for that purpose may concur in appointing a joint committee to which the provisions of section fifty-seven

of the Local Government Act, 1894, shall apply.

4

7 . — (1)If a county council resolve that a local authority within the county have failed to carry out their duties under section ninety-two of the Public

Health Act, 1875, in respect of smoke nuisances and make complaint thereof to the Minister of Health, or if

a local authority after being required by the Minister so

to do have failed to make such byelaws as are mentioned

in this Act, the Minister may cause an inquiry to be

held and, if satisfied from the result of such inquiry that the local authority have failed to carry out their duties adequately, may by order authorise the county council

to carry out those duties either for a definite period or

until the Minister otherwise directs.

(2) The Minister shall in any case where he considers

it expedient to do so cause an inquiry to be held as to

the manner in which a local authority have carried out their duties under the said Act with respect to smoke nuisances, and if satisfied from the result of such inquiry that the authority have failed to carry out their duties adequately, he may by order authorise the county council

to carry out those duties either for a definite period or-

until the Minister otherwise directs.

1926. Public Health (Smoke Ch. 43.

Abatement) Act, 1926.

(3) Any expenses incurred by a county council in

carrying out any such duties shall be deemed to be a debt from the local authority to the county council, and shall

be defrayed as part of the expenses of the local authority

in the execution of the Public Health Act, 1875.

8. Every county council or other local authority shall, on being required to do so by the Minister, furnish

to the Minister such information as he may from time

to time require as to their proceedings with regard to

the abatement of smoke nuisances.

9 . Nothing in ‘this Act shall apply to any ship habitually used as a sea-going ship, or affect the enactments in force at the commencement of this Act with respect to smoke nuisance and smoke consumption in

any such ship.

10. -(D A local authority may undertake or may combine with other local authorities in undertaking investigations and researches into problems relating to

atmospheric pollution and the . abatement of smoke nuisances, and may contribute towards the cost of similar investigations and researches undertaken by

other bodies or persons.

(2) The Minister of Health may, for the purposes

of this section, make rules prescribing restrictions or

conditions subject to which powers conferred by this section may be exercised.

11 . H it appears to a local authority that a smoke nuisance exists on any premises within their district occupied for the public service of the Crown, they shall report the circumstances to the appropriate government department, and, if the Minister responsible for that department is satisfied after due inquiry that such a

nuisance exists, he shall cause such steps to be taken as

may be necessary to abate the nuisance and to prevent

a recurrence thereof.

12 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Public

Health (Smoke Abatement) Act, 1926, and the Public

Health Acts, 1875 to 1925, and this Act (except so far as

it relates to London) may be cited together as the Public

Health Acts, 1875 to 1926, and the Public Health

(London) Act, 1891, the Public Health (London) Act,

1891, Amendment Act, 1893, and this Act so far as it

295

Duty of local authorities

to furnish information.

Saving as to

steam vessels.

Powers of local authorities to

conduct researches.

Application

to Crown.

Short title,

extent and commencement.

56 & 57 Vict,

c. 47.

296

Ch. 43, 44.

Public Health (Smoke 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Abatement) Act, 1926.

Salaries and pensions of future judges.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 57.

relates to London, may be cited together as the Public

Health (London) Acts, 1891 to 1926.

(2) Section four of this Act shall be construed as

one with the Alkali, &c., Works Regulation Act, 1906,

and the other provisions of this Act in their application to

London shall be construed as one with the Public Health

(London) Act, 1891, but save as aforesaid t h is Act shall

be construed as one with the Public Health Acts, 1875 to

1925. Provided that in the application to London of such other provisions of this Act as aforesaid the expression

"local authority" shall mean the sanitary'authority within the meaning of the Public Health (London) Act,

1891, save as otherwise in this Act provided.

(3) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

CHAPTER 44.

An Act to amend the law with respect to

the salaries and pensions of persons hereafter appointed to be judges of the Supreme Court

of Judicature of Northern Ireland, and with respect to certain matters connected with that

Court.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Section eighteen of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland) Act, 1877 (which determines the salaries payable to judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland) shall, as respects judges appointed after the commencement of this Act, have effect as if for the salaries mentioned in that, section there were substituted as the salaries which shall be paid

to such judges, including in each case any pension to

which the judge may be entitled in respect of any public

1920. Supreme Court of Ch. 44.

Judicature of Northern Ireland Act, 1926.

297

office previously filled by him, the following salaries respectively:—

To the Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland, four thousand five hundred pounds a year:

To each ordinary judge of the Court of Appeal in

Northern Ireland, three thousand five hundred pounds a year:

To each of the other judges of the High Court of Justice in Northern Ireland, three thousand pounds a year.

(2) The pension which may be granted under section nineteen of the Supreme Court of Judicature

(Ireland) Act, 1877, to an ordinary judge of the Court

of Appeal in Northern Ireland appointed after the commencement of this Act shall, instead of being of the amount provided by that section, be of an amount equal

to two-thirds of his salary.

2. Notwithstanding anything in any Act, the

Supreme Court of Judicature of Northern Ireland, or

any division or judge thereof, may direct the trial without a jury of any cause, matter, or issue (not being

a criminal cause or matter or an issue arising in criminal proceedings) requiring any prolonged examination of '

documents or accounts, or any scientific or local investigation which cannot, in the opinion of the court or

judge, conveniently be made with a jury.

3. The reservation by section forty-seven of the

Government of Ireland Act, 1920, of matters relating to

the Supreme Court of Northern Ireland shall not be construed as precluding the Parliament of Northern Ireland from having power, Subject to the other provisions of that Act, to make laws in respect of the following matters

in relation to jurors and juries in that Court, namely,

the preparation and revision of jury lists, and the qualification, selection, summoning and attendance of jurors.

4. This Act may be cited as the Supreme Court of Short, title.

Judicature of Northern Ireland Act, 1926.

Power to

direct trial without jury in

matters requiring prolonged examination of documents, &c.

Explanation

of powers of Parliament

of Northern

Ireland to

legislate with respect

to jurors and juries.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. o. 67.

298

Ch. 45.

Obligation

to furnish statutory statements

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 45.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the sale

of fertilisers and feeding stuffs.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Civil Liabilities.

1.—(1) It shall be the duty of every person who sells for use as a fertiliser of the soil or as food for cattle

or poultry any article included in the first column of the

First or Second Schedule to this Act, whatever may be

the name under which the article is sold, to give the purchaser on or before delivery, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, a statement in writing (hereinafter referred to as a statutory statement) in such form

(if any) as may be prescribed, containing the following particulars :—

(a) the name under which the article is sold;

(b) such particulars (if any) of the nature, substance,

or quality of the article as are in relation to

the article mentioned in the second column of such schedule;

(c) where the article, if a feeding stuff, contains any ingredient included in the Third Schedule

to this Act, the name of such ingredient:

Provided that the obligation' so imposed shall not apply—

(i) to sales of two or more articles which are mixed

at the request of the purchaser before delivery

to him:

(ii) to sales of small quantities (that is to say, sales

in quantities of fifty-six pounds or less) if the article sold is taken in the presence of the purchaser from a parcel bearing a conspicuous label on which are marked in the prescribed manner the particulars required by this section

to be contained in the statutory statement.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

299

(2) Failure to give a statutory statement in accordance with, the provisions of this section shall not invalidate a contract for sale.

2. — (1) A statutory statement given by the seller Warranties,

of any such article as aforesaid shall, notwithstanding any contract or notice to the contrary, have effect as

a written warranty by the seller that the particulars-

contained in the statutory statement are correct.

(2) On the sale for use as food for cattle or poultry

of an article included in the first column of the First or

Second Schedule to this Act there shall be implied, notwithstanding any contract or notice to the contrary, a

warranty by the seller that the article is suitable to be

used as such, and does not, except as otherwise expressly stated in the statutory statement, contain any ingredient included in the Third Schedule to this Act.

(3) Where an article sold for use as a fertiliser of the soil or as food for cattle or poultry is in a statutory statement or other document described by a name specified in the first column of the Fourth Schedule to

this Act, the sale of the article under that name shall have effect as a written warranty that the article accords with the definition thereof contained in the second column

of that schedule.

(4) Any statement as to the amount of chemical

or other ingredients or as to the fineness of grinding of an article sold for use as a fertiliser of the soil, or as to

the amount of the nutritive or other ingredients of an

article sold for use as food for cattle or poultry, which is

made after the commencement of this Act in any written document (other than a statutory statement) descriptive

of the article shall have effect as a warranty by the seller that the facts stated are correct.

(5) No action on any such warranty as is mentioned

in this section shall lie for any mis-statement therein

as to the particulars of the nature, substance or quality

of the article or as to the amount of any ingredient where the mis-statement does not exceed the limits of variation (if any) prescribed under this Act in relation

300

Right of purchaser to

have article sampled and analysed.

Marking of articles prepared for consignment.

Ch. 45. Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Sfoiffs Act, 1926.

to such particulars or amounts, but where the misstatement exceeds such limits, the rights of the purchaser under the warranty shall not he affected by such limits.

3.—(1) The purchaser of any article included in

the first column of the First or Second Schedule to this Act, or of any fertiliser or feeding stuff not included therein in respect of which a warranty, express or

implied, has been given by the seller, shall, on payment

of such fee (if any) as may be fixed under this Act, be

entitled to have a sample of the article taken by an

official sampler in the prescribed manner and analysed

by the agricultural analyst, and to receive from the analyst a certificate of the result of his analysis:

Provided that a purchaser of an article who requires

a sample to be taken under this section shall, if so

requested, furnish to the official sampler who takes the sample the statutory statement or warranty relating to

the article, or a copy thereof.

(2) A sample taken under this Act by an official sampler at the request of a purchaser shall be taken in

the prescribed manner, and shall not be taken after the expiration of fourteen days from the delivery to the purchaser of the article sampled, or the receipt by the purchaser of the statutory statement or warranty, whichever date may be the later.

Criminal Liabilities.

4.—(1) Every parcel of an article included in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act when prepared for sale or consignment for use as a fertiliser of the soil or as food for cattle or poultry shall, if exposed for sale, or, if not exposed for sale, before being removed from the premises where it is so prepared, be marked in

the prescribed manner with a mark or marks stating or indicating the particulars required by this Act to be contained in the statutory statement.

(2) Any person dealing in any such parcels may for the purposes of this section keep in such form (if any)

as may be prescribed a register of marks specifying the

1926. Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1926. Ch. 45. 301

particulars which the several marks entered in the register are used as indicating, and the marking of any parcel with any mark entered in the register shall, for the purposes of this section, be treated as indicating that the particulars of the article are those entered

in the register in relation to the mark:

Provided that—

(a) on the sale of any parcel so marked the mark shall be added to the statutory statement; and

(b) where the statutory statement received by the seller on the sale to him of the parcel contains any such mark, and the parcel has not been on his premises, that mark shall be added by him to the statutory statement required to be given by him to a purchaser.

(3) If any parcel required under this section to be

marked is not so marked, or if from the analysis of a

sample of the parcel taken by an inspector in the prescribed manner on the premises on which the parcel

is exposed for sale or on any premises on which the parcel after having been so marked may happen to be

before being delivered to a purchaser or carrying agent,

it appears that the particulars marked or indicated by a

mark are false to the prejudice of the purchaser, or do

not include any particulars which are required by this Act to be contained in the statutory statement, the person selling or having in his possession or disposition for the purpose of sale or consigning the parcel or

exposing it for sale shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

5.—(1) In the case of an article delivered or con- Consign-

signed direct from a ship or quay to a purchaser, the ments ex

provisions of this section shall apply in lieu of the slll P or

provisions of the last preceding section. q ua y-

(2) The seller of an article included in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act and so delivered

or consigned shall as soon as practicable enter in a

register kept by him in such form (if any) as‘may be

prescribed the following particulars :—

(a) the date of delivery or consignment to the purchaser, the place of delivery to the purchaser

302

Ch. 45.

Sales in

small quantities.

Deleterious ingredients

in feeding stuffs.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16*& 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

or other destination, and the quantity delivered

or consigned;

(b) any shipping or other mark on the article;

(c) the particulars which by this Act are required to be contained in the statutory statement.

(3) The seller of any such article shall be guilty of an offence against this Act—

(a) if he fails to enter in his register any particular required by this section to be entered therein other than a particular required to be contained

in the statutory statement; or

(b) if any particular entered therein, other than

a particular required to be contained in the statutory statement, is false in any material particular; or

(c) if from the analysis of a sample of the article taken by an inspector in the prescribed manner

on the quay or at the time of its delivery to

the purchaser or during its transit to him

it appears that any particular entered in the register, being a particular required to be contained in the statutory statement, is false to

the prejudice of the purchaser, or that any particular required to be contained in the statutory statement is not entered in the register.

6. Where an article is sold for use as a fertiliser of the soil or as food for cattle or poultry in small quantities from ‘a parcel which purports to be labelled in

manner hereinbefore provided, and from an analysis

of a sample thereof taken by an inspector in the prescribed manner on the premises on which the parcel

is kept it appears that the particulars stated on the label are false to the prejudice of the purchaser, or

do not include any particulars which are required by this Act to be contained in a statutory statement, the owner

or seller shall be guilty of an offence against this Act.

7. —(1) Any person who sells or offers or exposes for sale for use as food for cattle or poultry any article which contains any ingredient deleterious to cattle or

poultry, or has in his possession, packed and prepared,

1926. Fertilisers and Feeding Ch. 45. 303

Stuffs Act, 1926.

for sale for such use any such article, shall be guilty

of an offence against this Act unless he proves—

(a) that Tie did not know and could not with reasonable care have known that the article contained a deleterious ingredient; and

(b) where he obtained the article from some other person, that on demand by or on behalf of the prosecutor he gave* all the information in his power with respect to the person from whom

he obtained it, and as to the statutory statement given to him, and as to any mark applied

to the article when he obtained it:

Provided that proceedings for an offence under this section shall not be instituted unless the article has been sampled by an inspector in the prescribed manner on

the premises on which it was sold or exposed or offered for sale or on which it was when prepared for sale

or consignment, and the sample has been analysed in

accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(2) Any substance mentioned in the Fifth Schedule shall, if present in a feeding stuff or, where a maximum quantity with regard to the substance is indicated in

the Fifth Schedule, if present in excess of that quantity,

as the case may be, be deemed to be a deleterious ingredient unless the contrary is proved.

8.—(1) If a person fails to give a statutory state- Penalties ment in such form (if any) as may be prescribed in any for failure case where he is required by this Act so to do, he shall to g^e and

* on summary conviction be liable, in the case of a first "||f n a in ‘

offence, to a fine not exceeding five pounds and, in the statutory case of a second or subsequent offence, to a fine not statements,

exceeding ten pounds.,

(2) If on the sale of an article included in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act a person gives a statutory statement in which the particulars stated therein differ:—

(a) from the particulars marked or indicated by a mark placed on a parcel of the article in accordance with this Act; or

(b) in the case of an article delivered or consigned direct from a ship or quay to a purchaser,

from the particulars entered in accordance with this Act in the seller’s register.; or

304 Ch. 45. Fertilisers and Feeding 10*& 17 Geo. 5.

- Stuffs Act, 1926.

(c) in the case of an article which has not been on

the premises of the seller, from the particulars stated in the statutory statement given to

the seller in respect of the article;

he shall be guilty of an offence against this Act unless

he proves that he took all reasonable steps to avoid committing the offence and that he acted without intent

to defraud.

(3) If a person fails to add to a statutory statement any mark which by virtue of this Act is required to be

added thereto, he shall on summary conviction be liable,

in the case of a first offence, to a fine not exceeding five pounds and, in the case of a second or subsequent offence,

to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

Inspec- 9. — (1) It shall be the duty of any person by whom tion of a register under this Act is kept, or to whom a statutory statist fS an<1 statement relating to an article which has been sold statements, by u t which has never been on his premises has been sent, to preserve the register or statement for such period (not exceeding four months) as may be prescribed,

and on demand by an inspector at any time within that period to produce it for his inspection, and if the person keeping the register, or to whom such a statutory statement was sent, fails so to preserve it, he shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(2) Any person having in his possession or under,

his control any register kept under this Act or any statutory statement made*under this Act shall on demand

by an inspector produce it for his inspection and if he

fails to do so shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds.

(3) An inspector may at all reasonable times enter any premises where he has reasonable cause to believe that any such register or statutory statement is for the time being kept, and may take copies thereof.

Relief from 10. Where in pursuance of the foregoing provisions liability of this Act a description has been applied to any article under the included in the first column of the First Schedule to

Marks^ctT Act, an< 8UC description is a trade description

in certain within the meaning of the Merchandise Marks Act,

cases.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

305

1887, no proceedings shall be taken under that Act 50 & 51 Vict,

on the ground that the description so applied is a false c. 28.

description.

Administrative Provisions, Sampling and Analysis.

11 .—(1)It shall be the duty of the council of Enforce,

every county or county borough to enforce within ment of their county or county borough the provisions of this Act b y

Act, and fqr that purpose to appoint an official agricultural analyst (in this Act referred to as the agricultural analyst) ° nd c nty and such inspectors and official samplers as may be boroughs,

necessary:

Provided that every such inspector shall be a

whole-time officer of the council or in the case of a joint appointment of one or more of the councils concurring

in the appointment.

(2) Any such council may also appoint a deputy agricultural analyst, who shall in the case of the illness,

incapacity, or absence of the agricultural analyst, or

pending the appointment of the agricultural analyst,

have all the powers and duties of the agricultural analyst;

and where the deputy acts, this Act shall apply as if he

were the agricultural analyst.

(3) The appointment by a council of the agricultural analyst, or deputy agricultural analyst, inspectors,

and official samplers, shall be subject to the approval of the Minister.

(4) A person while holding the office of official sampler shall not engage in farming or any business connected with the manufacture, sale or importation of articles used as fertilisers of the soil or as food for cattle

or poultry.

(5) The council of a county or county borough may concur with one or more other such councils in making any appointment which they are required or authorised

to make under this section and as to the apportionment amongst the several councils of the expenses of any such joint appointment, but this power shall be in addition

to and not in derogation of the power conferred on

councils by the Local Government Act, 1888, to appoint 51 & 52 Vict,

joint committees for the purposes of this Act. c. 41.

U

306 Ch. 45. Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Powers of 12. — (1) An inspector appointed by a council under entry and this Act may at all reasonable times enter any premises sampling. j n which he has reasonable cause to believe that there

is any article included in the first column of the First

Schedule to this Act which has been prepared for sale or

consignment, or any article included in the first column

of the First or Second Schedule to this Act which is

stored for use and not for sale or manufacture, and may take samples in the prescribed manner of any article on

such premises which he has reasonable cause to believe

to be such an article as aforesaid:

Provided that ah inspector shall not exercise such power as aforesaid in respect of any premises situate outside the county or county borough for which he acts without the consent of the council of the county or

county borough in which the said premises are situate or of some officer of that council to whom powers of giving such consent may have been delegated by that council.

(2) An inspector appointed by a council under this Act may for the purposes of this Act take a sample otherwise than in the prescribed manner of any article which has been sold for use as a fertiliser of the soil or

as food for cattle or poultry, or which he has reasonable cause to believe to be intended for sale as such;

but the name of the seller or purchaser or owner of the article of which a sample is so taken shall not be communicated to any person.

(3) An inspector appointed by the Minister may, if

specially authorised in that behalf, exercise in any county

or county borough the powers conferred by this section

on an inspector appointed by the council thereof.

If, in the opinion of the Minister, the council of a

county or county borough have insufficiently exercised their powers under this Act, either generally or in any particular case, the inspector appointed by the Minister may submit to the agricultural analyst for the county

or county borough the samples so taken by him within that county or county borough; and the amount of any expenses certified by the Minister to have been incurred by an inspector appointed by him in the exercise

of such powers as aforesaid shall, on demand, be repaid

to the Minister by the council in default, and shall be

recoverable from the council either as a debt due to the

Crown or summarily as a civil debt.

19^6. Fertilisers and Feeding Cb. 45. 307

Stuffs Act, 1926.

(4) Where a sample of a parcel packed ready for retail sale which is of fourteen pounds weight or less and is exposed for sale by retail is taken under this section, the retailer may require the inspector to purchase the parcel on behalf of the local authority or *of the Minister, as the case may be.

(5) In the exercise at any railway station or upon any railway premises of the powers conferred upon him

by this Act an inspector shall conform to such reasonable requirements of the railway company owning or

using such station or premises as are necessary to

prevent the working of the traffic thereat being obstructed or interfered with.

13.—(1) Where a sample has been taken by an Provisions inspector or official sampler in the prescribed manner he as to

shall divide it into three parts and cause each part to be anal y sis of marked, sealed and fastened up and he shall send two samp es "

of the parts to the agricultural analyst together with a

signed statement that the sample was taken in the prescribed manner, and the third part he shall deliver or

send to the owner or seller as may be prescribed.

(2) Where a sample submitted to the agricultural analyst has been so divided into parts, the agricultural analyst shall analyse one of the parts of the sample sent

to him and shall retain the other for such period as

may be prescribed.

(3) If the person by or on whose behalf the sample"

of an article is taken and analysed, or the owner or

seller of the article, objects to the certificate of the agricultural analyst, the person objecting thereto shall, on

payment of such fee as' may be fixed by the Treasury be

entitled to have submitted to the Government Chemist the part of the sample retained by the agricultural analyst and to have that part analysed by him and to

receive from him a certificate of the result of his analysis.

(4) Where a sample or part of a sample is under this section sent for analysis to the agricultural analyst or

the Government Chemist, there shall also be sent to him any statutory statement or warranty relating to the article sampled or a copy thereof, or a copy of the particulars marked on or indicated by a mark applied

to the article.

308

Ch. 45.

Tampering with

samples.

Obstruction

of inspectors.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

(5) A certificate of analysis shall be signed by the agricultural analyst or the Government Chemist as the case may be; but the analysis may be made by any person acting under the direction of the agricultural analyst or the Government Chemist.

(6) Where a sample taken in the prescribed manner has been analysed by the agricultural analyst, he shall furnish to the person who submitted the sample for analysis and, where that person is not the purchaser, also

to the purchaser and in every case to the owner or seller

of the article his certificate of analysis:

Provided that, if the agricultural analyst does not know the name and address of the owner or seller, he

shall send his certificate intended for the owner or seller

to the person who submitted the sample, who shall forward it to the owner or seller.

(7) Where the sample has not been taken in the prescribed manner, the agricultural analyst shall send the certificate to the person who submitted the sample to

him.

14. If any person fraudulently—

(a) tampers with any article so as to procure that any sample of it taken or submitted for analysis under this Act does not correctly represent the article; or

(b) tampers or interferes with any sample taken

or submitted for analysis under this Act;

he shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months.

15. If the owner or person entrusted for the time being with the charge and custody of any article refuses

to allow an inspector to take a sample of the article on

any premises on which he is authorised under this Act to

take a sample, or if any person otherwise wilfully delays

or obstructs any inspector in the execution of his duties under this Act, he shall be liable on summary conviction

to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds:

Provided that an inspector seeking to exercise his powers under this Act shall, if so required, produce evidence of his appointment or authority.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

309

16. If any inspector discloses any information Prohibition obtained by him in or in connection with the exercise of against his powers under this Act, except to persons acting in disclosures,

the execution of this Act and so far as such information may be necessary for the execution thereof, he shall be

liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

17. — (1) The council of any county or county borough may contribute towards the expenses incurred by

any agricultural body or association in causing samples

to be taken by an official sampler in the prescribed manner for analysis by the agricultural analyst.

(2) The council of any county or county borough may fix the fees to be payable in respect of the making

of any analysis by the agricultural analyst and the taking

of samples at the request of purchasers, and the council may fix different fees for different articles and for different quantities of the same article or for different analyses of the same article.

Financial provisions relating to

the qpuncils

of counties and county boroughs.

(3) The expenses of a council incurred in the execution of this Act (including any expenditure on the purchase by the council of articles for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of this Act) shall be defrayed in

the case of a county council as part of their expenses for general county purposes, and in the case of a county borough council, out of the borough fund or borough rate.

18. The council of each county or county borough Returns of shall, as soon as practicable after the first day of January, results of the first day of April, the first day of July, and the ^ysia-

first day of October dn each year, make a return to the Minister of the results of the analysis of the samples submitted to the agricultural analyst for the county or

the county borough during the preceding three months

in such form as may be prescribed, and the agricultural analyst shall furnish to the council such information as

may be necessary for the purpose.

Legal Proceedings.

19. Any person guilty of an offence against this Act Penalties for which no special penalty is provided by this Act shall for offences,

on summary conviction be liable in the case of a first

310 Ch. 45. Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and in

the case of a second or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds.

Restrictions 20.—(1) Proceedings for any offence against this

on taking Act to which the last foregoing section applies shall procee gs. no f. commenced without the consent of the Minister;

and. where the proceedings are in respect of causing or

permitting any name, mark or particulars (except particulars which are not required to be contained in a

statutory statement) to be false, or in respect of failure

• to include in the particulars marked or indicated by a

mark or entered in a register or written on a label, any

♦ particulars which are required by this Act to be

contained in the statutory statement, or in respect of the presence in a feeding stuff of any deleterious ingredient,

the consent of the Minister shall not be given until the part of the sample retained by the agricultural analyst has been analysed and a certificate of analysis given by

the Government Chemist.

(2) Where proceedings under this Act are taken against a person in respect of causing or permitting any name, mark, or particulars to be false, or for making

a false entry in his register or for failure to state the presence in a feeding stuff of an ingredient included in

the Third Schedule to this Act, he shall not be liable to

conviction if he proves—

(a) that having taken all reasonable precautions against committing an offence against this Act

he had not at the time of committing the alleged offence reason to suspect the correctness

of the mark or entry, or the presence of such ingredient as aforesaid, as the case may be; and

(b) where he obtained the article from some other person, that on demand by or on behalf of the prosecutor he gave all the information in his power with respect to the person from whom

he obtained it and as to the statutory statement given to him, and as to any mark applied to

the article when he obtained it.

(3) A prosecution in respect of causing or permitting any name, mark or particulars to be false or in respect

of the presence of any ingredient included in the Third

Schedule to this Act or of any deleterious ingredient.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

311

shall not be instituted under this Act after the expiration of three months from the date on which a sample

of the article was taken in the prescribed manner.

(4) In any such prosecution as aforesaid the summons shall state the particulars of the offence alleged and also the name of the prosecutor, and shall not be made returnable in less time than fourteen days from the date

on which it is served, and there shall also be served therewith a copy of any certificate of the agricultural analyst obtained on behalf of the prosecutor.

21.—(1) Proceedings for an offence under this Act

may, if the prosecutor so desires, be taken in the place where the person charged resides or carries on

business.

General provisions

as to legal proceedings.

(2) In any proceedings for an offence under this Act it shall be no defence to allege that a sample having been taken for analysis only there was no prejudice to

the purchaser.

(3) A prosecution for an offence under this Act

may, subject to the provisions of this Act as to the consent of the Minister, be instituted by the person aggrieved or by the council of a county or county borough

or with the consent of such council by an inspector appointed by such council, and in any case where a

sample has been taken by an inspector appointed by the Minister, may be instituted by the Minister.

22. — (1) Where a sample, which has been taken in Evidence of the prescribed manner by an inspector or official sampler, certificate of and has been divided into parts and marked, sealed and ana] y sis -

fastened up as hereinbefore mentioned, has been analysed,

the agricultural analyst’s certificate shall at the hearing

of any civil or criminal proceedings with respect to the article sampled be sufficient evidence of the facts therein stated, unless the defendant or person charged requires that the person who made the analysis be called as a

witness, or that the sample be further analysed by

the Government Chemist.

(2) In any legal proceedings the production of a

certificate by the Government Chemist shall be sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein unless either party

to the proceedings requires that the person who made the analysis be called as a witness.

312

Ch. 45.

Regulations.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

General.

23.—(1) The Minister and the Board of Agriculture for Scotland jointly may, after consultation with the advisory committee to be constituted under this section,

make regulations for prescribing anything which under this Act is required or authorised to be prescribed,

and generally for carrying this Act into operation; and

in particular such regulations may provide—

f *

(a) for varying any of the schedules to this Act;

(b) for prescribing the manner in which articles required to be marked under this Act are to

be marked and the nature of such marks;

(c) for prescribing the limits of variation for the purposes of this Act;

(d) for prescribing the manner in which samples are to be taken and dealt with in cases where

* under this Act they are taken in the prescribed manner;

(e) as to the method in which analyses for determining the percentages of particular substances are to be made;

(f) as to the qualifications to be possessed by

agricultural analysts and deputy agricultural analysts and as to the form of certificates of analysis given by them;

and where any schedule is varied by regulations so

made, this Act shall have effect as if the schedule as

so varied were substituted for the schedule contained

in this Act.

(2) For the purpose of assisting and advising them with respect to the making of regulations under this Act, the Minister and Board shall, after consultation with such associations as appear to them to represent the interests concerned, jointly appoint an advisory committee.

(3) All regulations made under this section shall

be laid before Parliament as soon as may be after they are made, and if either House of Parliament,

within the next subsequent twenty-one days on which that House has sat next after the regulations are laid

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

* Ch. 45.

313

before them, presents an address to His Majesty praying that the regulations or any part of them may be

annulled, they shall thenceforth be void, but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or to the making of new regulations.

24. This Act shall not apply to the sale of an Exemption article used as a fertiliser of the soil or as a food for for certain cattle or poultry where the sale is in exercise of a 8ale8 -

statutory power to enforce a right or to satisfy a claim

or lien, or ’where the sale is made by a sheriff, bailiff, or

other officer to satisfy a writ of execution, or warrant or

decree of any court, or a distress for rent or warrant of •

distress.

25. Where for the purposes of this Act the expres- Meaning of sions " percentage of soluble phosphates " and " per- certain ex-

centage of insoluble phosphates, " are used in statements Passions,

of equivalents, they shall be taken to mean respectively the percentage of tribasic phosphate of lime which has been and that which has not been rendered soluble in

water.

26. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpreta-

requires— tion -

The expression "Minister" means the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries:

The expression "purchaser " includes any person other than a carrying agent acting on behalf

of a purchaser:

The expression "inspector " includes an inspector appointed by the Minister or an inspector appointed by the council of a county or county borough:

The expression "Government Chemist" means the head of the department of the Government

Chemist, and shall include any deputy government chemist appointed to act in the case of illness, incapacity, or absence of the Government

Chemist, or pending the appointment of the

Government Chemist, to act in his place:

The expression "cattle" means bulls, cows, oxen,

heifers, calves, sheep, goats and swine.

314

Application

to City and

Port of London.

Ch. 45. Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

(2) An article consigned to a purchaser shall not for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be delivered

to him until it arrives at the place to which it is

consigned whether the consignment is by direction of the seller or the purchaser.

(3) Where an article is delivered to a purchaser

in two or more consignments, this Act shall apply to

each consignment as though it were a separate article.

(4) Where the method of analysis for determining the amount of any substance contained in an article

is prescribed under this Act, any statement in any statutory statement or document which by virtue of this Act takes effect as a warranty and any mark on an

article or entry in a register under this Act stating or

indicating the amount of such substance shall be taken

to be a statement of the amount of the substance as

determined by analysis in accordance with the method

so prescribed.

(5) Particulars as to the nature, substance, or

quality of an article marked or indicated by a mark

or entered in a register shall not for the purposes of this Act be deemed to be false to the prejudice of the purchaser if the mis-statement as respects any ingredient does not exceed the limits of variation (if any)

prescribed under this Act in relation thereto.

27. This Act shall apply to the Port of London and the City of London subject to the following modifications:—

(a) The sanitary authority of the Port of London as

regards the district of that authority, and the

Common Council of the City of London as

regards the City of London, shall, to the exclusion of any other council, perform and exercise the duties and powers by this Act

imposed and conferred on councils of counties and county boroughs:

(b) The expenses of the Port of London sanitary authority and the Common Council incurred in

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

•Ch. 45.

315

the execution of this Act (including any ex *

penditure incurred in the purchase of articles for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of this Act) shall be defrayed out of the general rate of the City of London.

28.—(1) This Act shall apply to Scotland subject Application

to the following modifications :— to Scotland.

(a) References to the Minister shall, except in the provisions of this Act relating to joint action

by the Minister and the Board of Agriculture for Scotland, be construed as references to

the Board of Agriculture for Scotland:

(b) The powers and duties of councils of counties and county boroughs under this Act shall be

exerciseable and performed by the local authorities under the Diseases of Animals Act, 1894, 57 & 53 Vict;

and the expenses incurred under this Act by o. 57. *

such local authorities shall be defrayed out of a rate to be levied, ascertained, fixed, and paid

in like manner as the local rate under that Act:

(c) Such local authorities as aforesaid shall have the like power to appoint a joint committee for any purpose of this Act as is conferred by section seventy-six of the Local Government (Scotland) 52 & 53 Vict.

Act, 1889, on county and town councils for. any c - 50.

purpose of that Act, and the provisions of the said section shall apply accordingly, and a

reference to the Local Government Act, 1888, 51 & 52 Vict,

shall be construed as a reference to the provisions <*• 41.

of the said Act of 1889 as so applied:

(d) Subsections (1) and (4) of section twenty and subsection (3) of section twenty-one shall not apply.

Provided that—

(i) no proceedings shall be brought in respect of causing or permitting any name, mark or

particulars (except particulars which are not required to be contained in a statutory statement) to be false or in respect of failure to

include in the particulars marked or indicated

316

Ch. 45.

Application

to Northern Ireland.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

by a mark or entered in a register or written

on a label any particulars which are required

by this Act to be contained in the statutory statement or in respect of the presence in a

feeding stuff of any deleterious ingredient until the part of the sample retained by the agricultural analyst has been analysed and

a certificate of analysis given by the Government Chemist; and

(ii) in any prosecution to which subsection (3) of section twenty of this Act applies there shall

be served with the complaint a copy of any certificate of the agricultural analyst obtained

on behalf of the prosecution.

29.—(1) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland subject to the following modifications :—

(a) The regulations made by the Minister and the

Board of Agriculture for Scotland shall apply to

Great Britain only:

(b) References to the Minister, and to the Minister and the Board of Agriculture for Scotland acting jointly shall be construed as references to the Ministry of Agriculture for Northern Ireland:

Provided that the Ministry of Agriculture for

Northern Ireland in lieu of appointing a separate advisory committee may, in making regulations

to be laid before the Parliament of Northern

Ireland, act on the advice of the advisory '

committee appointed for Great Britain:

(c) References to the Treasury shall be construed

as references to the Ministry of Finance for

Northern Ireland:

(< d) References to the Government Chemist shall be

construed as references to the Chief Agricultural Analyst for Northern Ireland:

(e) The reference to the Local Government Act,

1888, shall be construed as a reference to article thirty-eight of the schedule to the Local Government (Application of Enactments) Order,

1898:

1920.

Ch. 45.

317

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

(f) The expenses of a council incurred in the execution of this Act shall be defrayed, in the case of a county council, out of the county fund as a county at large charge, and, in the case of a county borough council, out of any rate or fund applicable to the purposes of the

Public Health (Ireland) Acts, 1878 to 1918:

(g) References to Parliament and to His Majesty shall be construed respectively as references to

the Parliament and to the Governor of Northern

Ireland, and the reference to twenty-one days,

occurring in relation to regulations laid before

Parliament, shall be construed as a reference

to the period prescribed by subsection (1) of section 4 of the Rules Publication Act (Northern

Ireland), 1925.

(2) For the purpose of section six of the Government

of Ireland Act, 1920, this Act, in its application to

Northern Ireland, shall be treated as if it had been an

Act passed before the appointed day for the commencement of that section.

30 . —(1) This Act may be cited as the Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1926.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on such day not earlier than the first day of July nineteen hundred and twenty-seven as may be appointed for the purpose by the Minister and the Board of Agriculture for Scotland jointly.

(3) The Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs Act, 1906, is

hereby repealed:

Provided that nothing in this repeal shall affect any appointment made under that Act, but any such appointment shall have effect as if made under this Act.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 67.

Short title,

commencement,

repeal and extent.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 27.

318

Ch. 45.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5

Stuffs Act, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

Sections ], 2, FIRST SCHEDULE.

3, 4, 5, 8, 10, _

12 .

Articles to which all the Provisions of the Act

ARE APPLICABLE.

Part I.

Fertilisers.

Particulars to be contained

Article. in Statutory Statement.

Basic slag

Basic superphosphate

Bone meal, or other product

(excluding dissolved or vitrio-

lised bone) obtained by

grinding or otherwise treating bone, used for fertilising purposes.

Calcium cyanamide -

Compound fertilisers, that is to

say, mixtures of any article

or of two or more articles mentioned in this Part of this

Schedule or in Part I. of the

Second Schedule with any other such article or articles

or with any other substance.

Dissolved or vitriolised bone -

Fish residues or other product obtained by drying and grinding or otherwise treating fish or fish waste, used for fertilising purposes.

Amount of phosphoric acid.

Amount of the article that will pass through a prescribed sieve.

Amount of phosphoric acid.

Amounts of nitrogen and phosphoric acid respectively.

Amount of nitrogen. Amount

of dicyandiamide if in excess

of 2 per cent.

Amounts of nitrogen, potash,

soluble phosphoric acid and insoluble phosphoric acid respectively.

Amounts of nitrogen, soluble phosphoric acid and insoluble phosphoric acid respectively.

Amounts of nitrogen and phosphoric acid respectively.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

319

Particulars to be contained

Article. in Statutory Statement.

Guano, including Peruvian and other raw guanos.

Hoofs -

Hoofs and horns -

Horns -

Meat and bone residues, or any product not specifically mentioned elsewhere in this Part

of this Schedule obtained by

drying and grinding or otherwise treating, bone, flesh,

flesh fibre (including whale meat) and other slaughterhouse residues, used for fertilising purposes.

Nitrate of lime ...

Nitrate of soda -

Oil seed fertilisers, including castor meal, mowrah meal,

rape meal, or any residue which is obtained by the removal of oil from seeds.

Potassium salts used as Amount of potash,

fertilisers, including kainit,

extra kainit, sylvinite, potash manure salt, muriate of potash, sulphate of potash and sulphate of potash-magnesia.

Raw phosphate or phosphate Amount of phosphoric acid,

rock, ground or unground. Amount that will pass through

■* a prescribed sieve.

Sulphate of ammonia - - Amount of nitrogen and amount of free acid.

Sulphate of ammonia (neutral) Amount of nitrogen.

Superphosphate ... Amount of soluble phosphoric acid.

The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall apply to any article described therein under whatever name it may be sold or

offered for sale and notwithstanding that it contains a substance not mentioned in this Part of this Schedule.

Amounts are to be stated as percentages of the weight of the article.

Nitrogen is to be stated in terms of nitrogen.

Amounts of nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potash respectively.

Amount of nitrogen.

Amount of nitrogen.

Amount of nitrogen.

Amounts of nitrogen and phosphoric acid respectively.

Amount of nitrogen.

Amount of nitrogen.

Amount of nitrogen.

1st Sch.

— cont.

320 Ch. 45. Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

1st Sch. Phosphoric acid, soluble phosphoric acid and insoluble

— cont. phosphoric acid are to be stated in terms of phosphoric anhydride

(P 2 0 6 )-

Potash is to be stated in terms of potassium oxide (K 2 0).

Free acid is to be stated in terms of sulphuric acid (H 2 S0 4 ).

Part II.

Feeding Stuffs.

Particulars to be contained

Article. in Statutory Statement.

Barley meal - None.

Bean meal - None.

Cocoanut or copra cake or meal Amounts of oil and albuminoids

(protein) respectively.

Compound cakes or meals, that Amounts of oil, albuminoids

is to say, any cakes or meals (protein) and fibre respec-

(other than molasses feeds) tively.

consisting of a mixture of any article or of two or more articles mentioned in this

Part of this schedule or in

Part II. of the Second Schedule with any other such article or articles or with any other substance, or any cakes

or meals produced by grinding, crushing, or otherwise treating together, or by mixing together after being separately crushed, ground

or otherwise separately treated, any two or more raw materials out of which such articles are produced,

or any one or more of such materials with any other substance or substances.

Cotton cakes or meals, not de- Amounts of oil and albuminoids corticated. (protein) respectively.

Cotton cakes or meals from de- Amounts of oil, albuminoids corticated or partly decorti- (protein) and fibre respec-

cated cotton seed. tively.

Dari or durra meal - None.

Dried sugar beet residue - - Amounts of sugar and fibre respectively.

Feeding bone flour, or any other Amounts of phosphoric acid and bone product for feeding pur- albuminoids (protein) respec-

poses. tively.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

321

Particulars to be contained 1st Soh.

Article. in Statutory Statement. —oont.

Feeding meat and bone meal. Amounts of oil albuminoids

or any other product of meat (protein) and phosphoric acid

(including whale meat) and respectively,

bone for feeding purposes.

Feeding meat meal, or any Amounts of oil and albuminoids other product of meat (in- (protein) respectively,

eluding whale meat) for feeding purposes.

Fish meal, or other product ob- Amounts of albuminoids (pro-

tained by drying and grinding tein), phosphoric acid, oil and

or otherwise treating fish or salt respectively,

fish waste.

Ground oats - None.

Linseed cakes and the meals of Amounts of oil and albuminoids such cakes. (protein) respectively.

Linseed meal - Amount of oil.

Locust bean meal - None.

Maize by-products not other- Amounts of oil, albuminoids wise specifically mentioned in (protein) and fibre respec-

this schedule. tively.

Maize germ cake or meal - Amounts of oil and albuminoids

(protein) respectively.

Maize gluten feed - Amounts of oil and albuminoids

(protein) respectively.

Maize meal; Indian meal - None.

Molasses feeds, including any Amounts of sugar and fibre feeding stuffs, composed of respectively.

' treacle or molasses with an

absorbent, containing not less than 10 per cent, of sugar.

Oil cakes or meals not otherwise Amounts of oil and albuminoids specifically mentioned in this (protein) respectively,

schedule which are the, product of any one undecorticated substance or seed from which oil has been removed.

Oil cakes or meals not otherwise Amounts of oil, albuminoids specifically mentioned in this (protein) and fibre respec-

schedule which are the pro- tively.

duct of any one decorticated

or partly decorticated substance or seed from which oil has been removed.

Palm kernel cake or meal - Amounts of oil and albuminoids

(protein) respectively.

Pea meal .... None.

X

322

1st Sch.

— cont.

Sections 1, 2,

3, 12.

Ch, 45. Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Article.

Rape cake or meal -

Rice bran or rice meal, or the

by-product produced in

milling shelled rice.

Soya cake or meal -

Treacle or molasses

Wheat meal -

Wheat offals, or millers* offals -

Particulars to be contained

in Statutory Statement.

Amounts of oil and albuminoids

(protein) respectively.

Amounts of oil, albuminoids

(protein) and fibre respectively.

Amounts of oil and albuminoids

(protein) respectively.

Amount of sugar.

None.

Amount of fibre.

The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall apply to

any article described therein under whatever name it may be

sold or offered for sale and notwithstanding that it contains a

substance not mentioned in this Part of this Schedule.

Amounts are to be stated as percentages of the weight of the article.

Phosphoric acid is to be stated in terms of phosphoric anhydride (P 2 0 5 ).

Amount of albuminoids (protein) means the amount of nitrogen, other than ammoniacal or nitric nitrogen, if present,

multiplied by 6*25.

Wherever albuminoids are stated in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Schedule the word "albuminoids "

is to be followed by the expression "(protein) ".

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Articles to which some only of the Provisions of the Act are applicable.

Part 1.

Fertilisers.

Particulars to be contained

Article. in Statutory Statement.

Calcium hydrate; slaked lime - Amount of calcium hydrate and equivalent of calcium oxide.

Chalk, ground - Amount of calcium carbonate and equivalent of calcium oxide.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

323

Article.

Particulars to be contained

in Statutory Statement.

Dried blood for fertilising purposes.

Limestone, ground -

Precipitated bone -

Quick lime* ground or otherwise.

Shoddy -

Amount of nitrogen.

Amount of calcium carbonate and equivalent of calcium oxide. Amount that will pass through a prescribed sieve.

Amount of phosphoric acid.

Amount of calcium oxide.

None.

The provisions of tills Part of this Schedule shall apply to

any article described therein under whatever name it may be

sold or offered for sale, and notwithstanding that it contains a

substance not mentioned in this Part of this Schedule.

Amounts are to be stated as percentages of the weight of the article.

Nitrogen is to be stated in terms of nitrogen.

Phosphoric acid is to be stated in terms of phosphoric anhydride (P 2 0 6 ).

Calcium carbonate is to be stated in terms of calcium carbonate (CaC0 3 ).

Calcium hvdrate is to be stated in terms of calcium hydrate

(Ca(HO) 2 ).

Calcium oxide is to be stated in terms of calcium oxide

(CaO).

Part II.

Feeding Stuffs.

Article.

Particulars to be contained

in Statutory Statement.

Clover meal

- Amount of fibre.

Dried brewery and distillery Amounts of oil and albuminoids grains.

(protein) respectively.

Dried yeast

- Amount of albuminoids (proFeeding dried blood tein).

- - Amount of albuminoids (proMalt culms tein).

- Amounts of albuminoids (protein) and fibre respectively.

2nd Sch.

— cent.

Ch. 45.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

The provisions of this Part of this Schedule shall apply to

any article described therein under whatever name it may be

sold or offered for sale and notwithstanding that it contains a

substance not mentioned in this Part of this Schedule.

Amounts are to be stated as percentages of the weight of the article.

Amount of albuminoids (protein) means the amount of nitrogen, other than ammoniacal or nitric nitrogen, if present,

multiplied by 6-25.

Wherever albuminoids are stated in accordance with the provisions of this Part of this Schedule the word "albuminoids ’

is to be'followed by the expression "(protein) ".

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Ingredients in Feeding Stuffs the presence

OF WHICH MUST BE DECLARED.

(a) Husks, chaff, glumes, shudes, hulls, nutshells or skins of nuts, from any source, when used as separate ingredients or

artificial mixtures in the manufacture of feeding stuffs.

Where the kernels naturally associated in seeds with one or

other of the above materials are present in a feeding stuff along with the materials with which they are so associated,

regard shall be had to the proportion of the above materials that might reasonably be expected to accompany such kernels when the seed from which they are derived is in its natural condition, provided that feeding

in this condition is regarded as a common practice in the feeding of livestock.

(b) Wheat or rye straw, ground or otherwise.

(c) Peat or peat moss, treated or untreated.

(d) Sawdust or any other form of wood, treated or untreated.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

325

FOURTH SCHEDULE. Section 2.

Definitions implied.on the Sale of Articles under certain Names.

Part 1.

Fertilisers.

Name under which

Article sold.

Implied Definition.

Basic slag

Basic superphosphate •

Bone meal -

Calcium cyanamide

Calcium hydrate; slaked lime.

Castor meal -

Chalk, ground

Compound fertilisers

Dissolved or vitriolised bone.

Dried blood manure

Fish guano; fish manure

A by-product, containing phosphorus,

obtained in the manufacture of steel and to which no addition has been made at the time of leaving or after

it has left the furnace.

A non-acid phosphate produced by

mixing lime with superphosphate of lime and to which no other matter has been added.

Commercially pure bone, raw or degreased, which has been ground or

crushed.

Commercial calcium cyanamide.

Commercial hydrate of lime.

The residue which is obtained by the removal of oil from commercially pure castor seed.

The product obtained by grinding cretaceous limestone, to which no

other matter has been added.

Mixtures of any article or of two or

more articles mentioned in Part I.

of the First Schedule or in Part I. of the Second Schedule with any other such article or articles or with any other substance.

Commercially pure bone which has been treated with sulphuric acid.

Blood which has been dried, to which

no other matter has been added.

A product obtained by drying and grinding or otherwise treating fish or

fish waste, to which no other matter has been added.

326

Ch. 45.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

4th Sch. Name under which

— cont. Article sold.

Hoofs -

Hoofs and horns -

Horns -

Limestone, ground

Meat and bone manure;

meat meal; carcase meal.

Mowrah meal

Muriate of potash -

Nitrate of lime

Nitrate of soda

Precipitated bone -

Quicklime, ground or

otherwise.

Rape meal -

Raw guano -

Raw phosphate or phosphate rock, ground or

otherwise.

Implied Definition.

The product obtained by crushing or

grinding hoof, to which no other matter has been added.

A mixture of hoof and horn, crushed or

ground, to which no other matter has been added.

The product obtained by crushing or

grinding horn, to which no other matter has been added. °

The product obtained by grinding sedimentary rock consisting largely of carbonate of lime, to which no other matter has been added.

The product of drying and grinding or

otherwise treating bone, flesh, flesh fibre (including whale meat) and other slaughter-house residues, to

which no othgr matter has been added.

The residue which is obtained by the removal of oil from commercially pure mowrah seed.

Potassium chloride for fertilising purposes.

Calcium nitrate for fertilising purposes.

Sodium nitrate for fertilising purposes.

An insoluble calcium phosphate prepared by treating commercially pure bone with acid, and precipitation of phosphate from the solution.

Commercial calcium oxide.

The residue which is obtained by the removal of oil from commercially pure rape seed.

The excrement and remains of birds,

containing both nitrogen and phosphorus, prepared for use by screening where necessary, but to which no

addition has been made.

The substance obtained from mineral calcium phosphate deposits, to which

no other matter has been added.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926. *

Ch. 45.

327

Name under which

Article sold.

Implied Definition.

4th Sch.

— com.

Shoddy manure; wool waste; wool combings; wool manure;

flock dust.

Steamed bone flour;

steamed bone meal.

Sulphate of ammonia -

Sulphate of ammonia

(neutral).

Sulphate of potash

Superphosphate -

Waste of wool, or of wool mixed with fibrous materials such as are associated with wool in the textile industries, to which no other matter has been added.

Commercially pure bone from which nitrogen has been removed by steam.

Ammonium sulphate for fertilising purposes.

Ammonium sulphate for fertilising purposes, containing not more than

0 025 per cent, of free acid in terms of sulphuric acid.

Potassium sulphate for fertilising purposes.

A mineral substance containing soluble phosphate of lime.

Barley meal -

Bean meal -

Clover meal -

Compound cakes or meals Cakes or meals (other than molasses feeds) consisting of a mixture of any article or of two or more articles mentioned in Part II of the First

. Schedule or in Part II of the Second

Schedule with any other such article

or articles or with any other substance, or any cakes or meals produced by grinding, crushing or

otherwise treating together, or by

mixing together after being separately crushed, ground or otherwise separately treated, any two or more raw materials out of which such articles are produced or any one or

more of such materials with any other substance or substances.

Part II.

Feeding Stuffs.

- The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure barley, as grown.

- The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure beans of the species faba vulgaris or phaseolus vulgaris, as grown.

- Whole clover, as grown, dried and ground, to which no other matter has been added.

328

Ch. 45.

4*h Soh.

— cont.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

* Stuffs Act, 1926.

Name under which

Article sold.

Implied Definition.

Cotton cakes or meals not decorticated.

Cotton cakes or meals from decorticated or

partly decorticated cotton seed.

Dari meal; durra meal -

Dried brewery grains

Dried distillery grains -

Dried sugar beet residue

Dried yeast -

Feeding bone flour

Feeding dried blood

Feeding meat and bone meal.

Feeding meat meal

Fish meal; fish residue meal.

Ground bone

The residue resulting from the removal

of oil from commercially pure cotton seed, not decorticated.

The residue resulting from the removal

of oil from commercially pure cotton seed from which the cortex, in whole

or in part, has been removed.

The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure dari or durra seed.

The article produced by drying the residue of malted and unmalted cereals used in brewing, to which no other matter has been added.

The article produced by drying the residues from distillery mash-tuns, to which no other matter has been added.

The article produced by drying the sugar beet residue produced in the manufacture of sugar from sugar beet.

An article produced by drying yeast or yeast residues, to which no other matter has been added.

The product obtained by grinding commercially pure steamed bone.

Blood which has been dried, to which no other matter has been added.

The product (containing not more than

4 per cent, of salt) of grinding bone,

flesh and flesh fibre (including whale meat), to which no other matter has been added. •

The product (containing not more than

4 per cent, of salt) of drying and grinding flesh and flesh fibre (including whale meat), to which no other matter has been added.

A product obtained by drying and grinding or otherwise treating waste

of fish, to which no other matter has been added.

The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure bone.

1926.

Fertilisers and Feeding

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Ch. 45.

329

Name under which

Article sold.

Implied Definition.

4th Sch.

— cont.

Ground oats

Linseed cakes or the meals of such cakes.

Linseed meal

Locust bean meal

Maize germ cake or meal

Maize gluten feed

Maize meal; Indian meal

Malt culms •

The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure oats, as grown.

The residue resulting from the removal

of oil from commercially pure linseed.

The meal obtained by grinding or

crushing commercially pure linseed.

The meal obtained by grinding or

crushing commercially pure locust beans.

The residue resulting from the removal

of oil from maize germs, to which no

other matter has been added.

A by-product resulting from the removal of starch and germ from maize, to which no other matter has been added.

The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure maize or Indian corn,

as grown.

The rootlets and shoots arising from the screening of malt, to which no other matter has been added.

Molasses feeds

Nut cakes or meals,

including cocoanut,

copra, palm kernel and ground nut cakes and meals.

Pea meal -

Rape cake or meal -

Rice bran; rice meal

Soya cake or meal

Sugar beet treacle; sugar beet molasses.

Any mixture, containing not less than

10 per cent, of sugar, of an absorbent material and treacle or molasses.

The residue resulting from the removal

of oil from commercially pure nut kernels.

The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure peas, as grown.

The residue resulting from the removal

of oil from commercially pure rape seed.

The by-product produced in milling shelled rice, to which no other matter has been added.

The residue resulting from the removal

of oil from commercially pure soya beans.

A concentrated syrup product obtained

in the manufacture of sugar from sugar beet, to which no other matter has been added.

330

Ch. 45.

4th Sch.

— cont.

Section 7.

Fertilisers and Feeding 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

Name under which

Article sold.

Implied Definition.

Sugar cane treacle; sugar cane molasses.

Wheat meal -

Wheat offals; millers ’

offals.

White fish meal

A concentrated syrijp product obtained

in the manufacture of sugar from sugar cane, to which no other matter has been added.

The meal obtained by grinding commercially pure wheat, as grown.

A product of wheat separated in the process of milling and containing not more than 4 per cent, of vegetable substances, other than wheat, extracted from wheat in the process of cleaning by the maker of the offals in

the production of flour.

A product (containing not more than

6 per cent, of oil and not more than

4 per cent, of salt) obtained by drying and grinding or otherwise treating waste of white fish, and to which no

other matter has been added.

In the case of every article mentioned in this Schedule the definition of which includes the expression "commercially pure "

it is implied that no other matter may be added.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Deleterious Ingredients in, Feeding Stuffs.

(a) Salts soluble in water, if present in a feeding stuff in proportion likely to be injurious to the health of animals.

(b) All poisonous substances except those naturally present in the material or materials from which the feeding stuff is derived.

(c) Sand, silicious matter or other insoluble mineral matter not naturally associated with ingredients of the feeding stuff which do not fall within the scope of this Schedule, or which, even if naturally so associated, are present in greater proportion than the maximum that may be expected to be due to such natural association.

1926.

331

Fertilisers and Feeding Ch. 45, 46.

Stuffs Act, 1926.

For the purposes of this paragraph the term " insoluble "

shall imply insolubility in hydrochloric acid, as determined by

a prescribed method; the term " natural association " shall be

construed as applying to average commercial samples of the feeding material with which it may be claimed that a particular mineral ingredient is associated.

CHAPTER 46.

An Act to make further provision with respect to the University of London.

[15th December 1926.]

WHEREAS a Departmental Committee appointed

by a Minute of the Board of Education dated the eighth day of October, nineteen hundred and twenty-four, to consider the Final Report of the Royal Commission on University Education in London dated the twenty-seventh day of March, nineteen hundred and thirteen, and, having regard to the present circumstances and after consultation with the persons and bodies concerned, to indicate what are the principal changes now most needed in the existing constitution of the University of London and on what basis a

Statutory Commission should be set up to frame .new statutes for the University, has in its Report (in this Act referred to as "the Report of the Committee ") made recommendations with respect to the matters aforesaid and in particular has recommended that Statutory Commissioners should be appointed to make new statutes for the University in accordance with the recommendations in the said Report:

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) There shall be a body of Commissioners

to be styled " The University of London Commissioners, "

5th Sch.

— cont.

Appointment of 332

Commissioners.

Expenses of Commission.

Duration and proceedings of Commissioners.

Ch. 46 University of London 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

consisting, in the first instance, of the following persons,

namely :—

The Hon. Mr. Justice Tomlin, Master of Arts,

Bachelor of Civil Law; •

Sir Lewis Amherst Selby-Bigge, Bart., K.C.B.,

Master of A rfis •

Sir Cyril Stephen Cobb, K.B.E., M.V.O., Master of Arts, Bachelor of Civil Law, Member of Parliament;

Sir Josiah Charles Stamp, G.B.E., Doctor of Science,

Fellow of the Royal Statistical Society

Sir Edwin Cooper Perry, Doctor of Medicine, Fellow

of the Royal College of Physicians;

Alexander Dunlop Lindsay, Esquire, C.B.E., Master

of Arts, Honorary Doctor of Laws, Master of Balliol College, Oxford;

Bertha Surtees Phdlpotts, O.B.E., Doctor of Letters;

and

Thomas Percy Nunn, Esquire, Doctor of Science,

Professor of Education in the University of London.

(2) If and whenever a vacancy occurs among the

Commissioners, His Majesty may by Order in Council appoint a person to fill the vacancy, but every such

Order shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament,

within ten days after it is made if Parliament be then sitting, or, if not, then within ten days after the next sitting of Parliament.

(3) The Commissioners may, with the consent of the

Treasury as to number, employ such persons as they may think necessary for the execution of their duties under this Act.

2. There shall be paid to any person employed by

the Commissioners such remuneration as the Treasury may determine, and all expenses incurred by the Commissioners in the execution of this Act (including the remuneration aforesaid) shall, up to an amount approved

by the Treasury, be paid out of moneys provided by

Parliament,

3. —(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the powers

of the Commissioners shall continue in force until the end of the year nineteen hundred and twenty-seven and no longer:

1926.

University of London

Act, 1926.

Ch. 46.

333

Provided that His Majesty in Council may, on the application of the Commissioners, continue their powers for such further period as His Majesty may think fit,

but not beyond‘the end of the year nineteen hundred and twenty-eight.

(2) The Commissioner first named in this Act shall

be the chairman of the Commissioners, and in case of his ceasing from any cause to be a Commissioner or of his absence from any meeting, the Commissioners present at

each meeting shall choose a chairman.

(3) The powers of the Commissioners may be exercised at a meeting at which three or more Commissioners are present.

(4) In case of an equality of votes on a question at a

meeting, the chairman of the meeting shall have a second

or casting vote in respect of that question.

(5) The Commissioners shall have a common seal which shall be judicially noticed.

(6) Any act of the Commissioners shall not be invalid

by reason only of any vacancy in their number, but if at

any time and so long as the number of persons acting

as Commissioners is less than four, the Commissioners shall discontinue the exercise of their powers.

4.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the

Commissioners shall make statutes for the University

of London (in this Act referred to as "the University"),

in general accordance with the recommendations contained in the Report of the Committee, subject to any modifications which may appear to them to be expedient,

and, so far as may be necessary for giving effect to any

of the said recommendations, the Commissioners may,

subject as hereinafter provided, make statutes for any school of the University, or for any other college, school,

or institution for the purpose of enabling it to become

a school of the University:

Provided that no statute, not being a statute for the University, shall be made under this Act for any school of the University, or for any other college, school,

or institution, except with the consent of the governing body thereof, and, in the case of a statute altering any trust, with the consent of the trustees or governing body

of the trust.

Powers and duties of Commissioners.

334

Approval and effect of statutes.

Power to

amend and supplement statutes.

Ch. 46. University of London 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(2) The Commissioners shall, before adopting any final resolution for the making of a statute under this Act, take such steps as are in their opinion best adapted for facilitating the making of representations with respect to the proposed statute, and shall, in particular,

consider any representations made to them by or on

behalf of the Senate or Convocation or any fifty graduates of the University, or by or on behalf of any other bodies or persons appealing to the Commissioners

to be directly affected by the proposed statute.

(3) If representations with respect to any proposed statutes are made to the Commissioners by the governing body of any college, school or institution which is at the commencement of this Act a school of the University in

the Facility of Theology, objecting to any alteration which would be necessitated by the making of the statute

in the constitution of the college, school or institution,

or in respect of the appointment of teachers therein or

the financial administration thereof, the proposed statute shall, unless the objection be withdrawn, be modified so

as not to necessitate the alteration objected to.

(4) The Commissioners shall have power to take such evidence as they may think necessary for the exercise of their powers and for the performance of their duties under this Act.

5. —(1) No statute or part of a statute made under this Act shall have effect until it has been approved

by His Majesty in Council, but every statute or part of a statute so approved shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, have effect notwithstanding anything in any

Act of Parliament, charter, deed, or other instrument whatsoever.

(2) The provisions contained in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the submission of statutes made under this Act for the approval of His

Majesty in Council and with respect to statutes so

submitted.

6. —(1) Statutes made by the Commissioners shall make provision enabling the University to alter or

supplement after the cesser of the powers of the

Commissioners any statutes made by them or by any other authority, except statutes made under this section.

1926. University of London Ch. 46. 335

Act, 1926.

(2) The provisions contained in this Act with respect to the making of statutes by the Commissioners and to the proceedings to be taken after the making thereof in connection with statutes made by the Commissioners, and, subject as may be provided by any statutes made by the Commissioners, to the effect thereof after approval shall, with the necessary substitutions, apply to the making of statutes by the University and to the proceedings to be taken in connection with statutes made by the University, and, subject as aforesaid,

to the effect of, such statutes.

7. — (1) No statute made under this Act shall alter Provisions the incorporation in the University of the colleges as to incor-

known respectively as University of London, University portion of College, and University of London, King’s College, or gchookin 1

the vesting, disposition, or management of any emolu- the liniments, endowments, trusts, foundations, gifts, offices, or versity.

institutions in or connected with either of those colleges

so far as those matters are or have been regulated respectively by or under the University College, London 5 Edw. 7.

(Transfer) Act, 1905, or the King’s College, London o. xci.

(Transfer) Act, 1908, and no such statute shall provide 8 Edw; 7 -

for the incorporation in the University of any school of c ' XXX1X -

the University or other college, school, or institution;

but if at any time it is agreed between the University and the governing body of either of the first mentioned colleges that it is expedient that as respects that college any such alteration as aforesaid should be made, or if

at any time it is agreed between the University and the governing body of any school of the University or other college, school or institution that it is expedient that provision should be made for the incorporation thereof in

the University, then, ’in any such case, it shall be lawful for the University and the governing body jointly to make application to His Majesty in Council for a charter in

that behalf, and any charter which His Majesty in

Council is pleased to grant upon any such application shall have full effect notwithstanding anything in any

Act of Parliament or in any previous charter, deed, or

other instrument whatsoever.

(2) The provisions of the College Charter Act, 1871, 34 & 35

shall apply with respect to any application for a charter Vict. c. 63.

made under this section as if it were an application for

a charter for the foundation of a college or university.

336

Provisions

' as to

appointment by

Crown of members of a council of the University.

Short title and interpretation.

Section 5.

Ch. 46. University of London 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(3) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section, statutes made under this Act may make such modifications in the said University College,

London (Transfer) Act, 1905, and King’s College, London

(Transfer) Act, 1908, as may be necessary for adapting those Acts to any change made under this Act in the constitution or management of the University.

8. Whenever there occurs among the members of a

council of the University a vacancy which is in accordance with statutes made under this Act to be filled by a

person appointed by the Crown, the vacancy shall be

filled by a person appointed by His Majesty in Council,

and before any draft Order in Council is submitted to

His Majesty for that purpose sufficient opportunity to

submit recommendations in regard to the appointment shall be given to such persons or bodies representative

of the University as may be designated in that behalf by

statutes made under this Act.

9. — (1) This Act may be cited as the University of London Act, 1926.

(2) In this Act the expression "governing body "

means in relation to the colleges known as University of London, University College, and University of London,

King’s College, the College Committee and the Delegacy

of those colleges respectively.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions with respect to the submission of Statutes for the Approval of His Majesty

in Council and with respect to Statutes so

submitted.

1. The Commissioners within one month after making a

statute shall cause it to be submitted to His Majesty in Council,

and notice of it having been so submitted and of the place where copies of it can be obtained shall be published in the London

Gazette (in this Act referred to as the gazetting of a statute),

and if after a statute has been so gazetted the powers of the

1926.

University of London

Act, 1926.

Ch. 46.

337

Commissioners under this Act cease to be in force, the cesser

of the powers of the Commissioners shall not affect the subsequent proceedings under this Act respecting the statute.

2. At any time within eight weeks (exclusive of any

University vacation) after the gazetting of a statute the Senate

or Convocation of the University, or any other person or body directly affected by the statute may petition His Majesty in

Council for disallowance of the statute or of any part thereof.

3. —(1) It shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to refer any statute, petitioned against under this Act to a committee of the Privy Council with a direction that the committee hear the petitioner personally or by counsel and report specially to His

Majesty in Council on the matter of the petition.

(2) The costs of any such petition as aforesaid may be

regulated by the committee to which the petition is referred,

and any order of the committee respecting costs shall be

enforceable as if it were an order made in proceedings in the

Supreme Court.

4. Subject as hereinafter provided, every statute made under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as

soon as may be after the expiration of the time for petitioning against it, or, in the case of a statute referred under this Act

to a committee of the Privy Council, as soon as may be after the report of the committee thereon, and if either House within four weeks (exclusive of any period of prorogation) after a

statute has been laid before it presents an Address praying His

Majesty to withhold his approval from a statute or any part thereof no further proceedings shall be taken on the statute or

on the part thereof to which the Address relates, but this provision shall be without prejudice to the making of a new statute:

Provided that, if His Majesty, on the report of a committee

of the Privy Council, declares his disapproval of any statute, it

shall not be necessary to lay that statute before Parliament,

and if His Majesty so declares his disapproval of a part only of any statute, that part may be omitted from the statute as laid before Parliament.

5. His Majesty’s approval or disapproval of any statute or

of any part of a statute made under this Act may be declared

by Order in Council, and any such disapproval shall be without prejudice to the making of a new statute.

Y

338

Ch. 47.

Town and county councils to

be rating authorities for parish and

education rates.

Provisions

as to

parish rates.

Rating (Scotland)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 47.

An Act to amend the law with respect to rating in

Scotland, and for purposes incidental thereto

or connected therewith.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1, The parish rates and the education rate shall cease to be levied, collected and recovered by parish councils and, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this Act, shall be levied, collected and recovered by the town council of the burgh and the county council of the county, as the case may be, and the town council and the county council shall be the rating authorities for the burgh and for the county respectively for the purposes of the parish rates and the education rate, but nothing in this Act shall afiect the right of a parish council to recover rates levied by the council before the commencement of this Act.

2.—(1) Every parish council shall annually ascertain the amount required for the purposes of their powers and duties under the Acts of Parliament administered

by them in the case of each of the parish rates applicable

to the expenditure for those purposes, subject, in the case

of the amount required by a parish council acting as a

district board of control, to the approval of the amount

by the General Board of Control for Scotland, and where

a parish is within the areas of two or more rating authorities the parish council shall, so far as necessary for the purposes of any of the said rates, apportion and allocate the amount required among the rating authorities according to the rateable valuations in the valuation roll of their respective areas so far as within the parish,

except in the case of the first year after the commencement of this Act in which case the apportionment shall

be according to the gross annual valuations in the valuation roll; and the parish council shall annually, on or before

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

339

the fifteenth day of July, certify to the rating authority the amount required to be provided by that authority

in the case of each parish rate.

(2) The rating authority shall, subject to anystatutory limit applicable and to the provisions of this Act, levy,

under the name of the rate appropriate in the case and within the area to which it relates, a rate of such amount

as is necessary to meet the amount specified in the certificate, and shall collect and recover the rate and,

from timq to time as they collect it, and at such intervals

as the rating authority and the parish council may agree, and, failing agreement, as the Secretary of State,

after consultation with the Scottish Board of Health,

may determine, pay over to the parish council the amount collected up to the amount specified in the certificate, and so far as the amount specified in the certificate has not been paid over by that time the rating authority shall annually on the first day of May

pay over the balance to the parish council, notwithstanding that it has not then been collected.

(3) With respect to each parish rate, any surplus

in the hands of the rating authority which may arise in

any one year shall be applied for the purposes of the ensuing year and in like manner any deficiency which may occur in any year shall be included in the rate for the ensuing year.

(4) The exemption from payment of the rate for the relief of the poor and of any other rate leviable by

reference to the persons liable for that rate possessed and enjoyed by ministers in respect of their manses and glebes shall cease.

3.—(1) The rate for the relief of the poor and all Basis of other rates leviable in like manner as that rate, whether lev 7 in S P? or

leviable by parish councils or by any other authority, ^er^atea shall cease to be levied or recovered in accordance 8 & 9 Vict."

with the provisions of the Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 0 . 83.

1845, and shall, subject to the provisions of this Act,

be levied and recovered by the rating authority

in like manner at the same time and under the like powers and provisions (including without prejudice to

the said generality the power to grant remission or relief

on the ground of poverty or inability to pay and the provision relating to appeals) as, but as separate rates

340

Temporary borrowing powers to

parish councils.

11 & 12

Geo. 5. c. 64

Provisions

as to education rate.

Ch. 47. Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

from, the public health general assessment, but the limit, if any, applicable to that assessment shall not apply.

(2) Where under the provisions of any local Act the public health general assessment is not exigible in respect

of any lands and heritages, then, notwithstanding anything in this section or in section five of this Act, the rates to which those sections apply shall nevertheless be

levied and recovered in respect of such lands and heritages in the same way and to the same effect as if

the public health general assessment had been exigible

in respect thereof.

4. — (1) If a parish council shall find it necessary at

any time to make payments in connection with the current annual expenditure for any of the purposes of their powers and duties under the Acts of Parliament administered by them in anticipation of the appropriate rate, it shall be competent for the parish council to

borrow by way of temporary loan or overdraft on the security of the appropriate rate for the year then current,

or with the consent of the Scottish Board of Health on

the security of the appropriate rate for the year immediately following, such sum as the council may consider necessary for the purpose, and when any money has been so borrowed on the security of a rate for any year then, except for the purposes of and in accordance with the provisions of the Poor Law Emergency Provisions (Scotland) Act, 1921, it shall not be competent for the parish council to borrow in connection with current annual expenditure on the security of that rate for any other year until the money borrowed as aforesaid shall have been paid off.

(2) Section eighty-nine of the Poor Law (Scotland)

Act, 1845 (which empowers parish councils to borrow money on the security of assessments remaining due),

shall cease to have effect.

5. — (1) Every education authority shall annually ascertain the amount of the deficiency in the education fund of the education area and

(a) in the case of a scheduled burgh shall, on or

before the fifteenth day of July, certify to the rating authority of the burgh the amount of such deficiency; and

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

341

(b) in the case of any other education area shall,

subject to the proviso to section five of the

Education (Scotland) Act, 1918, apportion and 8&9 Geo.5.

allocate the amount of such deficiency among c. 48.

the rating authorities whose areas or parts of whose areas are within the education area according to the rateable valuations in the valuation roll of their respective areas so far

as within the education area, except in the

.case of the first year after the commencement

of this Act in which case the apportionment shall be according to the gross annual valuations in the valuation roll, and shall, on or

before the date aforesaid, certify to each rating authority the proportion of the deficiency apportioned and allocated to that authority.

(2) The rating authority shall, subject to the proviso

to section five of the Education (Scotland) Act, 1918,

and to the provisions of this Act, levy, under the name

of the education rate and within the education area to

which it relates so far as within the area of the rating authority, a rate of such amount as is necessary to meet the amount specified in the certificate, and shall collect and recover the rate and, from time to time as they collect it and at such intervals as the rating authority and the education authority may agree and, failing agreement, as the Secretary of State, after consultation with the Scottish Education Department, may determine,

pay over to the education authority the amount collected

up to the amount specified in the certificate, and so far

as the amount specified in the certificate has not been paid over by that time, the rating authority shall annually

on the first day of May pay over the balance to the education authority, notwithstanding that it has not then been collected.

(3) The education rate shall, subject to the provisions

of this Act, be levied and recovered by the rating authority

in like manner, at the same time, and under the like pow ers and provisions (including without prejudice to the said generality the power to grant remission or relief on

the ground of poverty or inability to pay and the provision relating to appeals) as, but as a separate rate from and without the limit, if any, applicable to the public health general assessment.

342

Ch. 47.

Yearly contributions

by town councils to

education authorities

to cease.

35 & 36 Vict.

c. 62.

Balances in

education rate account

of parish councils.

Apportionment of expenses of district boards of control, &c.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 71.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 53.

17 & 18 Vi ^t.

c. 91.

Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(4) The provisions of this section shall have effect

as though they were included in section thirteen of the

Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

6. The liability of town councils of burghs to make yearly contributions to education authorities out of the common goodof the burghs or from other funds under their charge under section forty-six of the Education (Scotland)

Act, 1872, shall cease, but the income of any property

or money vested in town councils or in the magistrates

of burghs for behoof of the burgh schools or for the promotion of any branch of education in such schools

or to increase the income of any teacher thereof shall continue to be paid to education authorities in accordance with the said section.

» 7 . Any surplus in the account of a parish council relating to the education rate shall be transferred to

the credit of the account of the parish council relating

to the poor rate and be applied towards meeting expenditure on the relief of the poor, and any deficiency in

the account of a parish council relating to the education rate shall be defrayed in like manner as expenditure on

relief of the poor.

8.—(1) The apportionment of expenses of a district board of control under section fifty-four of the Lunacy

(Scotland) Act, 1857, or under section sixty-two of the Prisons (Scotland) Act, 1877, upon the landward parts of counties and upon the burghs respectively within the district of such a board shall, except in

the case of the first year after the commencement of this Act, be according to the rateable valuations in

the valuation roll of the lands and heritages within such landward parts of counties and burghs respectively instead of according to the real rent or the total value of the said lands and heritages in terms

of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, and the sums apportioned as aforesaid and the sums apportioned in the case of the first year after the commencement of this Act under the provisions of the said Acts upon the landward parts of the counties and upon the burghs shall annually on or before the fifteenth day of July be certified to the rating authorities of the counties and the burghs respectively.

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

343

(2) The rating authority shall as they collect the rate applicable to the expenses of the district board,

pay it over to the district board of control up to the amount specified in the certificate, or, where the rate

is also applicable to other expenses, pay over to the district board up to the amount aforesaid as they collect the rate the proportion thereof applicable to the expenses

of the district board, in either case at such times as the rating authority and the district board may agree and failing agreement as the Secretary of State, after consultatiftn with the General Board of Control for

Scotland may determine, and so far as the amount specified in the certificate has not been paid over by that time, the rating authority shall annually on the first day of May pay over the balance to the district board,

notwithstanding that it has not then been collected.

(3) Sections fifty-four and fifty-five of the Lunacy

(Scotland) Act, 1857, and section sixty-two of the Prisons

(Scotland) Act, 1877, shall have effect subject to the provisions of tins section.

(4) For the purposes of this section a district board

of control shall not include a parish council acting as a

district board of control.

9 . Subsection (4) of section twenty-seven of the Abolition of Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889 (which makes average provision for payment by owners of the average rate and rate -

of a rate sufficient to provide for interest and repay- 62 & 53 Vict,

ment of certain moneys borrowed before the passing c ‘

of that Act), shall cease to have effect, and the rates leviable by county councils shall be equally divided between owners and occupiers in accordance with the provisions of subsection (2) of that section.

10 . A county council shall not levy under the County provisions of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, councils not

or of any other public general Act, any rate within any to assess police burgh which, for the purposes of the said Act of 1889 'J 1 P°*' ce

or of any other such Act, is held to be within the county, 1118 8 ‘

and the provisions of subsections (3) and (4) of section sixty and of section sixty-six of the said Act of 1889

relating to the contributions by royal and parliamentary burghs in aid of the expenditure therein mentioned shall apply to sums which, but for the provisions of this section, would have been leviable by the county council

344

Ch. 47.

Rating (Scotland)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Abolition of exemption from local rates in

certain cases.

37 & 38 Vict,

c. 20.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 65.

Rateable values of lands and heritages.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 33.

within the police burgh, subject to the following modifications:—

(a) references to a royal or parliamentary burgh shall be construed as references to a police burgh; and

(b) the amount of the contribution by a police burgh to a county council shall be paid out of the general improvement assessment or such other rate leviable by the town council of the police burgh for the purposes of any Act of Parliament administered by them and payable

by owners and occupiers in equal proportions as

the council may determine, but shall not be

reckoned in any calculation as to the statutory limit of that assessment or rate.

11 . Section one of the Rating Exemptions (Scotland)

Act, 1874 (which contains provisions whereby churches and certain other lands and heritages are not liable to

local rates), shall cease to have effect—

(a) as regards local rates payable by owners in the case of any church, chapel, meeting house, or

premises exclusively appropriated to public religious worship in respect of which the owner receives rent therefor and does not himself occupy such church, chapel, meeting house, or

premises; and

(b) as regards local rates payable by both owners and occupiers in the case of ground exclusively appropriated as burial ground where such ground belongs to a local authority or to a company or

persons selling the exclusive right of burial in

lairs therein, or trading as cemetery owners for profit;

and section three hundred and seventy-three of the

Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892 (relating to exemptions and savings), shall have effect as if the provisions of this section had been in operation at the commencement

of that Act.

12 . —(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2)

of this section, and also subject to the provisions of subsection (7) of this section or of section forty-five

of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, or the

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

345

corresponding provisions of any local Act, the annual value of the lands and heritages set out in the first column of the First Schedule to this Act shall, for the purposes of all rates leviable under any public general

Act except as otherwise specified in the said schedule,

be held to be the gross annual value of the lands and heritages, after the deduction of an amount representing the percentage set out in the second column of the said schedule opposite to the lands and heritages to which it

relates, and the provisions of any public general Act so

far as inccftisistent with the provisions of this subsection shall cease to have effect, but nothing herein contained shall be deemed to affect the provisions of section two hundred and thirty-three of the Burgh Police (Scotland)

Act, 1892.

(2) The provisions of the foregoing subsection shall apply for the purposes of all rates (other than water rates) leviable under any local Act, and of all rates leviable under any public general Act with respect to

which special provisions are made in any local Act,

together with the provisions of the local Act subject to

such modifications and adaptations of such local Act as

may be prescribed with respect to any such rate by

order made by the Secretary of State on the application

of the authority by whom such rate is leviable or of any person interested:

Provided that, in any case in which partial relief from any such rate is given by the local Act, the order shall secure that in such case the relief from the rate under the provisions of this section and of the local

Act modified and adapted as aforesaid shall be as near

as may be the same as that given by the local Act, and provided also that ariy relief from any such rate given

by a local Act shall cease to the extent to which that relief corresponds to that given by section three hundred and forty-seven of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892,

or which would have been given by that section if it

had applied to underground works of an electricity undertaking, and no account shall be taken of that relief

to the said extent for the purposes of the said order.

(3) Save as provided in subsections (1) and (2) of this section the annual value of all lands and heritages for the purposes of all rates (other than water rates leviable under a local Act) shall be the gross annual

346 Ch. 47. Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

value thereof, subject to the provisions of subsection (7)

of this section or of section forty-five of the Burgh Police

(Scotland) Act, 1903, or the corresponding provisions of any local Act.

(4) The Secretary of State may, on the application

of an authority having power to levy a water rate under a local Act, or of any person interested by order,

direct that the provisions of subsection (1) of this section shall apply for the purposes of such water rate together with the provisions of the local Act .subject to

such modifications and adaptations thereof as may be

prescribed in the order, and such water rate shall be

levied subject to the provisions of the order:

Provided that, in any case in which partial relief from such rate is given by Such local Act, the order shall secure that in such case the relief from the rate shall be as near as may be the same as that given by the local Act, but no account shall be taken of that relief to

the extent to which it corresponds to that given by

section three hundred and forty-seven of the Burgh

Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, or which would have been given by that section if it had applied to underground works of an electricity undertaking.

(5) Any authority or person making application for

an order under this section shall give notice of such application once weekly for at least two successive weeks in a newspaper circulating in the district of the authority by whom the relative rate is leviable, and once in the Edinburgh Gazette on or before the date of the second notice in the said newspaper, and such notice shall contain an intimation that any person interested may lodge objections with respect 'to the proposed order with the Secretary of State within one month after the date of the first notice in the said newspaper. Where objections are so lodged with respect to any proposed order the authority or other person applying for the order and the authority or other person by whom the objections are lodged shall be entitled to make representation to the Secretary of State.

(6) Any order made under this section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith, and if an

address is presented to His Majesty by either House of Parliament within the next subsequent twenty-eight

1920.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

347

days on which that House has sat after any such order

is laid before it praying that the order may be annulled,

it shall thenceforth be void but without prejudice to the validity of anything previously done thereunder or the making of a new order.

(7) Save as otherwise provided in any local Act, if

the amount of the annual value for the purposes of rates ascertained as aforesaid of any lands and heritages

in a county includes a fraction of five shillings, the amount of the annual value shall be increased or reduced

as the case may be to the nearest complete five shillings,

or if the fraction is two shillings and sixpence the fraction shall be disregarded.

(8) The provisions of any Act under which a rate

is to be charged in equal proportions to owners and occupiers or to be equally divided between owners and occupiers or to be leviable from owners and occupiers

in equal proportions shall be deemed to be complied with in the case of agricultural lands and heritages

if an equal rate per pound is levied upon owners and occupiers.

(9) Nothing in this section shall affect the total exemption from any rate of any lands and heritages.

13 . — (1)Section eight of the Agricultural Rates Provisions

Act, 1923 (in this section referred to as " the Act of as to

1923") shall cease to have effect and the deduction made in pursuance of the immediately preceding section s i g n '

and of the First Schedule to this Act from the gross c 3g 60

annual value of agricultural lands and heritages shall

be treated for the purposes of the other provisions of the Agricultural Rates (Scotland) Acts, 1896 to 1923

(in this section referred to as " the Acts ") as if it were the relief from rates for which provision is made by the said section eight.

(2) The Acts shall have effect as if for the references therein to parish councils there were substituted references

to town councils and county councils as respects parish and education rates and as if the rates leviable by county councils included the rates which but for the provisions

of section ten of this Act would have been leviable by

county councils within police burghs, and the expression

" rating authorities " in the Acts shall be construed accordingly.

348

Ch. 47.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 37.

Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(3) For the purposes of section ten of the Act of 1923 (which relates to the ascertainment of the amount

of the additional annual grant for Scotland and of payments to rating authorities), the owners’ share of a

rate shall be deemed to be one-half of the amount taken

as raised by the rate except that in the case of a rate which but for the provisions of section nine of this Act

would have been payable wholly or to a partial extent

by owners only, the share of one-half shall be increased

by an amount representing the produce of one-half of the rate or that part of the rate, as the c&se may be,

which but for the said provisions would have been payable by owners only.

(4) The powers of the Secretary of State to make amendments or variations on certificates under subsection (4) of section two of the Agricultural Rates

Congested Districts and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896 (ih this'section referred to as "the Act

of 1896 "), shall apply for the purposes of carrying into effect the provisions of this Act.

(5) In ascertaining the amount of the contribution payable by a police burgh under subsection (4) of section sixty of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, for the first year after the commencement of this Act a

county council shall take account of the sum payable to

the council for that year by way of agricultural rates grant in respect of the rates which, but for the provisions

of section ten of this Act, would have been leviable by

the county council within the police burgh.

(6) Every sum received by a rating authority by

way of agricultural rates grant in respect of a parish rate or the education rate, or the lunacy rate, or

any other rate so far as relating to the expenses of a district board of control, if levied for a period after the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, shall, notwithstanding that under section eleven of the Act of 1923 it is deemed to

have been raised or to be raisable by the rate, instead

of being appropriated in reduction of the total amount leviable by the rate as provided in the said section eleven,

be paid by the rating authority to the parish council or

the education authority or the district board of control

as the case may be, over and above the sum payable to

the council, authority or board under a certificate, and

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

349

the sum so paid to the council, authority or board in

respect of a rate shall be applied by them in reduction

of the expenditure in respect of which the rate is leviable.

(7) As from the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, a county council shall in

determining the amount to be apportioned for the purpose of ascertaining the amounts payable by royal,

parliamentary and police burghs, under subsection (4)

of section sixty of the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1889, .take account of the sums payable to the county council by way of agricultural rates grant in

respect of the rate levied by them so far as relating to

the expenditure included in the amount to be apportioned and in respect of the rate, so far as relating to

that expenditure, which but for the provisions of section ten of this Act would have been levied by them within police burghs.

(8) The expression "agricultural lands and heritages " in the Acts, shall have the same meaning as in

this Act, and section one of the Act of 1896, so far

as unrepealed, shall cease to have effect save for the purpose of construing any enactment in which that section

is referred to.

14 . —(1) Every valuation roll made up in accordance with the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, or

section sixty of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903,

shall in addition to the other particulars required by the said Acts show the rateable value of the lands and heritages and the amount of any deduction from the gross annual value for the purpose of ascertaining the rateable value, and the provisions of the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 (including, without prejudice to the said generality, the provisions with respect to notices to

persons whose property is valued and with respect to

appeals) shall apply accordingly.

(2) Lands and heritages, the gross annual value of which is also the rateable value, shall not be included

in the same entry in a valuation roll as lands and heritages from the gross annual value of which a deduction is made

in ascertaining the rateable value, nor shall any lands and heritages be included in the same entry therein as

other lands and heritages unless the same rate of Provisions

as to valuation roll.

350

Ch. 47.

Provision

as to

certificates

of valuation.

Ealing (Scotland) 1G & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

deduction is made from the gross annual value in ascertaining the rateable value in the case of each of the lands and heritages in the entry.

(3) Where for the purposes of any rate leviable under

or in accordance with any local Act an apportionment

is required of the total gross annual value of lands and heritages entered in a valuation roll under a single entry,

the assessor under the Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act,

1854, may, and on the application of the authority by

whom the rate is leviable or of any person interested shall,

apportion the sum entered in the valuation roil in respect

of the said lands and heritages so far as necessary for the purpose of levying the rate aforesaid, and the authority

or any person aggrieved by the apportionment may,

within fourteen days after such apportionment has been intimated to him, appeal to the sheriff, whose decision shall be final.

(4) Where for the purposes of tips Act an amount required or the amount of a deficiency or the amount

of expenses in respect of a year is to be allocated and apportioned between two or more rating authorities according to the rateable valuations or the gross annual valuations in the valuation roll of their respective areas

so far as within the parish or the education area or other district, the valuation roll shall be the valuation roll for the preceding year with such adjustments on the basis of the roll for that year as may be necessary to

take account of any alteration in boundaries of the area

of any rating authority, to which effect has been or is

being given in the valuation roll for the year current.

The provisions of this subsection shall also' apply for the purpose of the apportionment of the expenses of district boards of control in the 1 case of the first year after the commencement of this Act, and for the purpose

of ascertaining the amount of the contribution by a

royal, parliamentary or police burgh under the provisions of subsection (4) of section sixty of the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1889.

15. Where any amount or sum is required under this Act to be apportioned or allocated among two or more rating authorities according to the rateable valuation of the respective areas of such authorities, the clerk of the town or county council by whom the valuation roll relating to any part of such areas is made up shall, so

1920.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

351

soon as the same shall have been authentieated under the

Lands Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854, or section sixty of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1903, give a certificate of the rateable valuation of such part to the clerk of any council, authority or board by whom such apportionment

or allocation as aforesaid requires to be made.

16. Without prejudice to the provisions of the Owners of House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Acts, 1911 and certain

1920, a county council or any other authority (not being ?"kjects the town council of a burgh) having statutory power to 163

levy a rate may, if they think fit, levy upon the charged owners any occupiers’ rate in respect of lands and with heritages separately let for a shorter period than one occupier’s

year, but the county council or other authority shall rates *

allow to such owners a deduction from the occupiers ’

rates equal to two and one-half per centum thereof, and every such owner charged with and paying such occupiers’ rates shall have relief against the occupiers of such lands and heritages for the full amount thereof without deduction corresponding to the period of occupancy and,

so far as he fails to recover the amount payable by

any such occupier, he shall be entitled to repayment from the county council or other authority upon lodging a claim on or before such date as may be fixed

by the council or other authority, without prejudice

to the right of the council or other authority to make adjustments with such owner in respect of any sum subsequently recovered by him in respect of such occupiers’ rates.

17 . Without prejudice to the provisions of the Rates on

House Letting and Rating (Scotland) Acts, 1911 and 1920, lands and when any lands and heritages in respect of which a rate heritages might be imposed upon the occupier, not being lands and heritages usually let for any period shorter than one t j ]an a y ' ear year, shall not be occupied by the same occupier for the but not whole year from the term of Whitsunday in any year occupied by

till the term of Whitsunday in the year following, but same .

shall be occupied for part of such year by a new occupier, f °° ^oie the rating authority, or any other authority having year statutory power to levy a rat.e, may, if they think fit,

impose and levy on and from such new occupier who occupies the same for any part of such year, whether

352

Ch. 47.

Consolidation of rates.

Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

his name appears in the valuation roll or not, a proportion of such rate for that year corresponding to the period of his occupancy; and in the case of a burgh the rating or other authority may, if they think fit, impose and levy on and from the owner of such lands and heritages the proportion of such rate, if any, corresponding to the period during which such lands and heritages were occupied during the said year by any other occupier, and every such owner charged with and paying such occupiers’ rates shall have relief against such other occupier corresponding to the period of occupancy, and

so far as he fails to recover the amount payable by such other occupier he shall be entitled to repayment from the rating or other authority upon lodging a claim on

or before such date as may be fixed by the rating or

other authority, without prejudice to the right of the rating or other authority to make adjustments with such owner in respect of any sum subsequently recovered

by him in respect of such occupiers’ rates.

18.—(1) Where by virtue of any public general or

local Act the rates leviable by a rating authority are levied as consolidated rates, by whatever name called,

the parish rates and the education rate shall be levied and recovered by the rating authority as part of the consolidated rates in like manner as if the expenditure

to which those rates relate were expenditure subject

to the control of the rating authority:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be

construed as extending to parish and education rates any total or partial exemption from such consolidated rates

in the case of any lands and heritages.

(2) On passing a resolution to that effect, the town council of a burgh may, after fixing the amount per pound in respect of each of the rates leviable by them

on the basis of rateable valuation of lands and heritages,

instead of levying such separate rates, levy within the burgh consolidated rates of an amount equal to the total amount of the aforesaid separate rates which consolidated rates shall be divided between owners and occupiers in the same proportions as the total amount

of the separate rates would have been divided between owners and occupiers had they been separately levied;

1920. Rating (Scotland) Ch. 47. 353

Act, 1926.

Provided that—

(a) nothing herein contained shall be deemed to

authorise the levying, as part of the consolidated rates, of a suni in respect of a

separate rate in excess of the statutory limit applicable in the case of that rate; and

(b) where any separate rate is leviable only within part of a burgh, the consolidated rates levied within a part of the burgh shall be in respect

> only of the rates leviable in that part;

and the consolidated rates shall, subject to the provisions

of this Act, be recovered in like manner and under the like powers and provisions (including, without prejudice

to the said generality, the power to grant remission or

relief on the ground of poverty or inability to pay and the provision relating to appeals) as the public health general assessment. The town council may at any time revoke any resolution under this subsection.

19 . — (1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary Payment of in any Act, a rating authority or any other authority rates by

having statutory power to levy a rate may, on passing mslalmcnt8 -

a resolution to that effect, levy, collect or recover all or

any of the said rates by instalments not being more than four of such amounts, and to be paid on such dates as

the rating or other authority shall fix and determine at

the time of fixing or imposing such rates, and the demand note shall in addition to the other required particulars state the time appointed for the payment of each instalment and all powers, rights and remedies competent to the rating or other authority or to their officers for levying, collecting or recovering a rate shall apply to each of the instalments of the rate as if it were a

separate rate:

Provided that—

(a) any person may elect to pay in one sum instead of by instalments and any person failing to make payment of the first instalment on or before the date fixed therefor shall forfeit the right to pay by instalments; and

(b) nothing herein contained shall limit the powers of a rating authority under the provisions of any local Act with respect to

Z

354

Ch. 47.

Fractions of a penny of rates.

Collection of rates levied

by authorities other than rating authorities.

Demand notes for rates.

Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

levying, collecting and recovering rates by

instalments, and any such provisions of any local Act shall apply to the rates which,

under this Act, are levied by the rating authority.

(2) The rating or other authority may at any time revoke or vary any resolution under this section.

20. In calculating and collecting the amount payable by a ratepayer in respect of rates levied by a

rating authority, any fractional part of a penny less than one halfpenny shall not be reckoned as part of the amount of such rates and any fractional part of a penny amounting to or exceeding a halfpenny shall be reckoned

in the amount of such rates as a penny.

21. Any rating authority and any other authority having statutory power to levy a rate within the area

of the rating authority may make arrangements on such terms and conditions as may be agreed for the collection

by the rating authority of the rates levied by the other authority, and, where such arrangements are in force,

the demand note issued by the rating authority in respect

of rates levied by them may include as a separate item the rate levied by the other authority.

22. —(1) Every demand note for rates issued by a

rating authority (other than any demand note which may

be issued in respect only of a second or later instalment

of rates) shall contain information with respect to the following matters, that is to say—

(a) the situation of the lands and heritages in respect

of which the demand note is issued and such description thereof reasonably necessary for purposes of identification as may be prescribed;

(b) the gross annual value of the lands and heritages and the value thereof for the purposes of the rates in the demand note;

(c) where the rates are levied as consolidated rates the amount in the pound at which those rates are levied, and where the rates are not so

levied the total amount in the pound of the rates in the demand note levied by the rating authority;

1926. Rating (Scotland) Ch. 47. 355

Act, 1926.

(d) The date on which the rates are payable;

(e) the period in respect of which the rates are levied;

(f) where the rates are levied as consolidated rates, the amount in the pound representing each of the separate rates in respect of which the consolidated rates are levied, and where the rates are not so levied, the amount in the pound

of each of the rates in the demand note levied

•by the rating authority—showing separately the rates relating to expenditure of the rating authority and those relating to expenditure of each authority by or on account of winch a

certificate has been issued to the rating authority; and

(g) the amounts in the pound which are being levied

by the rating authority for such of the principal services administered respectively by the rating authorities and the authorities by or on account

of which certificates have been issued to the rating authority as may be prescribed.

(2) The Secretary of State may by rules prescribe the forms of demand notes for rates and anything which

by this section is to be prescribed.

23 .—(1)The following subsection shall be sub- Amendment stituted for subsection (4) of section sixty-two of the Local of s - 62 of Government (Scotland) Act, J.889 (which makes pro- p 2 53 Vict ‘

vision with respect to the levying of rates), that is to

say:—

" (4) The county council may relieve in whole

or in part any person from payment of any rate

on the ground of poverty or inability to pay, but only on application by such person; but no lands

or heritages shall be exempted from assessment

on the ground that they are or have been during the period of assessment unoccupied and unfurnished except in respect of the amount payable

by the occupier."

(2) Summary warrants for the recovery of rates

by county councils shall, in addition and without prejudice to the other remedies competent thereunder, decern

350

Ch. 47.

Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

and ordain instant execution by arrestment, and subsection (5) of section sixty-two of the Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1889, shall have effect accordingly.

Cost of levying and collecting rates.

24. The expenses incurred by a rating authority in

levying, collecting, recovering, and, so far as necessary,

paying over all rates levied and collected by them shall

be defrayed—

(a) in the case of a town council out of the general improvement assessment or such other rate leviable by the council for the purposes of any

Act of Parliament administered by them and payable by owners and occupiers in equal proportions as the council may determine, but shall not be reckoned in any calculation as to

the statutory limit of that assessment or rate;

and

(b) in the case of a county council out of the general purposes rate, but, notwithstanding anything in

the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, a

police burgh shall not be liable to contribute towards any such expenses of a county council.

Consequential amendments of various

Acts.

25.—(1) As from the sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, the amounts of the respective contributions payable by royal, parliamentary, and police burghs under subsection (4) of section sixty of the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, shall be ascertained

on the basis of the rateable values of the properties within the respective burghs and within the county according to the valuation roll.

(2) Section sixty-six of the Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1889 (which relates to requisitions and payments of burgh contributions to county funds),

whether for the purposes of that Act or of any other Act

by which it is applied, shall have effect as if the fifteenth day of July were therein substituted for the month of October.

(3) The general meeting of a county council which is required by subsection (2) of section seventy -

three of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, to

be held in the month of October, and at which, under section seventy-one of the said Act, the annual budget

of the county council is required to be submitted may, if

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

357

the county council so determine, by passing a resolution

to that effect at a meeting of which due notice shall be

given, be held on such day before the month of October

as the county council may from time to time determine,

and the provisions of the said subsection and of the said section seventy-one shall have effect accordingly.

(4) The sum of fifty thousand pounds which, under subsection (4) of section two of the Education and Local 55 & 56 Vict.

Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 1892, is to be distributed c - 51.

among parish councils shall, instead of being applied

to the relief of local rates as therein provided, be applied

in reduction of the expenditure incurred by the parish councils respectively for the purposes of their powers and duties under the Acts administered by them in such manner as they may determine.

(5) Section thirty-seven of the Local Government 57 & 58 Vict.

(Scotland) Act, 1894 (which relates to the local annual c. 58.

budget of parish councils), shall have effect as if the month

of June were therein substituted for the month of July.

(6) The statutory powers of a rating authority to

borrow temporarily in connection with current annual expenditure in anticipation of the rates applicable to

such expenditure shall be deemed to include power

to borrow for the purposes of meeting any sum, so far

as uncollected, payable in accordance with the provisions

of this Act to a parish council, education authority or

district board of control under a certificate by or on

account of that council, authority or board, and that upon the security of the rales leviable by the rating authority for the purposes of Acts of Parliament administered by

them and also, so far as uncollected at the time, the parish, education and lunacy rates which have been levied by them and’any sum borrowed under the provisions of this subsection shall not be reckoned in any calculation as to the limit of the amount that may be

borrowed under the foresaid statutory powers.

26. The following subsection shall be substituted Amendment for subsection (3) of section seven of the House Letting 8 - 7 of and Rating (Scotland) Act, 1911, as respects occupiers’ 53 eo ' ‘

rates paid for a period after the commencement of this Act:—

(3) Notwithstanding any payment by the owner of occupiers’ assessments in respect of the occupancy of a

358 Ch. 47. Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

small dwelling-house if for any period any small dwelling-

house in respect of which such payment has been made was not let, or if in respect of any period the owner shall fail to recover the full amount of the rent or other consideration for any small dwelling-house in respect of which such payment has been made he shall, upon lodging, on or before dates to be fixed by the respective assessing authorities (one of which dates shall be fixed not earlier than the first or later than the twentieth day

of May in each year), with the clerk to any such authority, or with such other officer as such authority may appoint for the purpose—

(a) a claim for repayment which shall set forth—

(i) the period or periods during which the small dwelling-house was not let; and

(ii) the period or periods in respect of which though the house was let payment of the full amount of the rent or other consideration was not recovered by the owner and the amount actually recovered by him on

account of such rent or other consideration;

and

(b) a declaration to the effect that the amount actually recovered on account of the rent or

other consideration for such period or periods has fallen short of the full amount payable by

a specified amount;

be entitled to repayment without any unnecessary delay from such authority of the proportionate amount of such assessments for the said period or periods during which the house was not let and of such part of the proportionate amount of such assessments for the said period

or periods during which the house was let as corresponds

to the unrecovered part of the total amount of rent or

other consideration payable, without prejudice to the right of the authority to make adjustments with the owner in respect of any such rent or other consideration subsequently recovered by him.

Transfer of 27.—(1) Any officer or servant who at the passing existing of this Act is employed by a parish council in full time officers, &c. employment either as collector of rates of the parish council or otherwise in the performance of the duties of the parish council relating to the collection of rates

1926. Rating (Scotland) Ch. 47.

Act, 1926.

and who at the commencement of this Act is still

so employed by the parish council, shall be transferred

to and become an officer or servant of the rating authority or, where the parish is within the areas

of two or more rating authorities, of such one of those rating authorities as the authorities after consultation with the parish council may agree; and if

the rating authorities fail to agree with respect to any such officer or servant, that officer or servant shall

be entitled to compensation, —any such officer or servant transferred as aforesaid being in this section referred to

as a " transferred officer."

(2) Subject as hereinafter provided, transferred officers shall hold their offices by the same tenure and upon the same terms and conditions as if this Act

had not passed, and while performing similar duties shall receive not less salaries or remuneration than they would have received or been entitled to if this Act had not passed:

Provided that

(i) where a transferred officer who, in respect of his service with a parish council has been subject to a superannuation scheme, is transferred under this section to a rating authority having no superannuation scheme to which

he will be subject, nothing herein contained shall be deemed to require such rating authority to adopt a superannuation scheme and such transferred officer, on ceasing to

hold office under the parish council, shall,

if he is not entitled to a superannuation allowance under the superannuation scheme

of the parish council, be entitled to compensation in respect of loss of superannuation rights under the scheme for the period of his service prior to transfer to the rating authority so, however, that, if the rating authority subsequently adopt or institute a

superannuation scheme, such officer shall not,

for the purposes of that scheme, be entitled

to have account taken of any period of service

in respect of which he has received compensation under this proviso unless within six months of the scheme being so adopted

359

360

Ch. 47.

Eating (Scotland)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

or instituted lie repays to the rating authority the sum paid as compensation under this proviso, without interest; and, on payment of such compensation by the rating authority,

the parish council shall, out of their superannuation fund, pay to the rating authority the sum in respect of return of contributions with interest which would, under section ten

12 & 13 of the Local Government and other Officers ’

Geo. 5. c. 59. Superannuation Act, 1922, have been payable

to the officer if that section had applied in his case; and

(ii) where a transferred officer who, in respect

of his service with a parish council, had been subject to a superannuation scheme is transferred under this section to a rating authority having a superannuation scheme constituted under the provisions of a local Act, the parish council shall pay out of their superannuation fund to the rating authority the like sum and the transferred officer shall be entitled

to the like rights under the superannuation scheme of the rating authority as if the rating authority had adopted the provisions

of the Local Government and other Officers ’

Superannuation Act, 1922, and the provisions

of subsection (1) of section eight of that Act

were applicable in the case whether the transferred officer was a contributor or not.

(3) The rating authority may distribute their business among transferred officers in such manner as

the authority may think proper, and every transferred officer shall perform such duties in relation to that business as may be directed by the authority.

(4) A rating authority may abolish the office of any transferred officer whose office they may deem unnecessary, but such officer shall be entitled to

compensation.

(5) If at any time within five years after the commencement of this Act any transferred officer is

required by the rating authority to whose service he

has been transferred to perform duties which are not analogous to or which are an unreasonable addition to

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

361

those which he was required to perforin under the parish council, the officer may relinquish his office and thereupon shall be entitled to compensation.

(6) Any transferred officer whose services are dispensed with, or whose salary is reduced by the rating authority within five years after the commencement of this Act because his services are not required or his duties are diminished, and not on the ground of misconduct, shall be entitled to compensation unless it is

proved that the pecuniary loss suffered has not arisen

in consequence of this Act.

(7) Every officer or servant of a parish council

(other than an officer or servant to whom subsection (1)

of this section applies) and every officer or servant of a rating authority who, by virtue of this Act or anything done in pursuance or in consequence thereof, suffers any direct pecuniary loss by abolition of office or by determination of his appointment or by diminution or loss

of salary, fees or emoluments, shall be entitled to

compensation.

(8) Compensation shall be payable to the officer or

servant entitled thereto by the rating authority concerned, or where the parish of the parish council in whose service the officer or servant entitled to compensation was at the passing of this Act is in the area of two or

more rating authorities, by the rating authority (in this subsection referred to as the " principal rating authority") the gross annual valuation of whose area so far

as within the parish, according to the valuation roll for the year current at the passing of this Act, exceeds the gross annual valuation of the area of any other rating authority so far as within the parish, and each such other rating authority shall repay to the principal rating authority their proportion of the sums paid by way of compensation, which proportion shall be calculated by

reference to the gross annual valuations of the respective areas of the rating authorities so far as within the parish according to the said valuation roll. For the purposes

of this subsection—

(i) the rating authority concerned in the case of an

officer or servant of a county council entitled

to compensation in respect of his employment

362

Ch. 47.

Temporary provision for protection of trustees of port and harbours of Greenock.

Eating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

in connection with the collection of rates leviable by the county council in a police burgh, shall be the town council of the police burgh; and

(ii) in the case of compensation payable to a transferred officer under proviso (i) to subsection (2)

of this section the rating authority to whom the officer is transferred shall be the principal rating authority whether or not the gross annual valuation of their area within the parish exceeds that of any other rating authority,

and in ascertaining the proportions of such compensation repayable to that authority by

other rating authorities account shall be taken

of the sum payable to that authority by the parish council under the said proviso.

(9) The provisions contained in the Second Schedule

to this Act shall have effect with regard to the determination and payment of compensation under this Act to

officers or servants entitled thereto.

(10) If any question arises as to—

(a) the transfer of an officer or servant in consequence of the provisions of this section;

(b) the rating authority to whom application by

an officer or servant for compensation is to be

made; or

(c) the manner in which the expenses of a rating authority under this section and the Second

Schedule to this Act are to be defrayed,

the Secretary of State may, on the application of the officer or servant or any rating authority, or parish council concerned determine the question.

28. Until the fifteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and thirty-two, and notwithstanding anything

in this Act contained, in the application of this Act to

the port and harbours of Greenock the deduction of the percentage set out in the second column of the First

Schedule to this Act shall be ten per centum higher than the deduction applicable to the class of lands and heritages referred to in paragraph (8) of the said Schedule.

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

363

29 . —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise Interpre-

requires— tation.

the expression "agricultural lands and heritages "

means any lands and heritages used for agricultural or pastoral purposes only, or as market gardens, orchards, allotments or allotment gardens, but does not include woodlands or lands occupied together with a house as a park,

garden, or pleasure-ground, or any land kept

or preserved mainly or exclusively for sporting purposes;

the expression "agricultural rates grant" means any sum received by a rating authority in

respect of a rate under subsection (3) of section four of the Agricultural Rates Congested Districts and Burgh Land Tax Relief (Scotland)

Act, 1896, or subsection (1) of section two of the Local Taxation Account (Scotland) Act, 61 & 62 Vict.

1898, or the Agricultural Rates Act, 1923; c - 56 -

the expressions " burgh " and " police burgh " have the respective meanings assigned to them in

the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892;

the expression "county" means the county exclusive of any burgh;

the expression "compensation" means compensation under this Act;

the expression "education rate" means the rate leviable for the purposes of defraying the expenses of education authorities under the provisions of the Education (Scotland) Act,

1918, as amended by this Act;

the expression "gross annual value " in relation to

lands and heritages, means the yearly rent or

value thereof as entered in the valuation roll in

accordance with the provisions of the Lands

Valuation (Scotland) Act, 1854 and the Acts

(other than the section of this Act containing provisions as to the valuation roll) amending that Act, and the expression "gross annual valuation " shall be construed accordingly;

the expression "lunacy rate" means the rate levied under the Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1857;

364 Ch. 47. Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

the expression "owner " in the case of a burgh has the meaning assigned to it in the Burgh Police

(Scotland) Act, 1892, and in the case of a county has the meaning assigned to it in the Local

Government (Scotland) Act, 1889;

the expression "parish council " includes a parish council acting as a district board of control;

the expression "parish rates" means the rate for the relief of the poor and all other rates which

by any Act of Parliament are declared to be

leviable by a parish council, excluding the education rate;

the expression "rate " includes any rate, charge and assessment the proceeds of which are applicable to public local purposes and which is

leviable on lands and heritages;

the expression "rateable value" means the annual value hereinafter specified, adjusted, if so

required in the case of lands and heritages in a

county in accordance with the provisions of subsection (7) of section twelve of this Act, or

the corresponding provisions of any local Act,

and in the case of lands and heritages in a

burgh in accordance with the provisions of section forty-five of the Burgh Police (Scotland)

Act, 1903, or the corresponding provisions of any local Act—

(a) in the case of lands and heritages specified in the First Schedule to this Act the gross annual value after the deduction of an amount representing the percentage thereof set out in the second column of the said schedule opposite to the lands and heritages

to which it relates; and

(b) in the case of lands and heritages

(other than lands and heritages to which paragraph (a) hereof applies) the gross annual value, except that in the case of lands and heritages with respect to which there is total exemption from all rates the rateable value shall be treated as nil and the expression "rateable valuation" shall

be construed accordingly, except that for the purpose of any apportionment between rating

1920.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

365

authorities the rateable valuation of the area of a rating authority shall be ascertained as if the rateable value of agricultural lands and heritages therein were one-half of the gross annual value thereof;

the expression "rating authority" means in the case of a county, the county council and in the case of a burgh, the town council;

the expression "valuation roll " includes a supplementary valuation roll.

(2) Any reference in this Act to any statutory provision shall be construed as a reference to the statutory provision as amended or extended or applied

by any subsequent Act, including this Act.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, references

in any Act or in any bond for borrowed money, or in

any other document, to a rate leviable by a parish council shall be construed as references to the corresponding rate leviable by the rating authority as

coming in place of the parish council under the provisions

of this Act.

(4) Save as respects the education rate, nothing in

this Act shall be construed as authorising any rate to be

levied by a rating authority in any area outwith the parish or part of the parish, as the case may be, in which the rate would but for the provisions of this Act have been leviable by the parish council.

(5) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as

requiring that under subsection (1) of section one of the

Public Libraries (Scotland) Act, 1920, the accounts of 10 & 11

the committee therein mentioned shall be audited. Geo. 5. c. 45.

otherwise than they would have been audited had this Act not passed, and the’references in the said subsection

to the rating authority shall be construed accordingly.

30 . The enactments mentioned in the Third Repeals.

Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

31 . — (1)This Act may be cited as the Rating Short title,

(Scotland) Act, 1926. commence-

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the ment and sixteenth day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven. extcnT *

(3) This Act shall apply to Scotland only.

306 Ch. 47. Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

(Sections 12, FIRST SCHEDULE.

13, 28, 29. _

Deductions from Gross Annual Value of certain

Classes of Lands and Heritages for the purposes of Rates.

Class of Lands and Heritages. Rate of Deduction.

1. Mines, minerals and quarries including Five per cent.

any lands and heritages contiguous thereto used wholly or mainly for the purposes of the business of working the mines, minerals and quarries.

2. Mills, manufactories, works or pre- Six and one-quarter mises of a similar character used per cent,

wholly or mainly for industrial purposes (other than those specified

in paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 11).

3. Works used wholly or mainly for the Fifteen per cent.

conversion of ore into pig iron and works in the occupation of the same person as the foresaid works and used in conjunction therewith,

wholly or mainly, for the utilisation

of by-products arising out of the manufacture of pig-iron.

4. Works used wholly or mainly for the Fifteen per cent.

manipulation of semi-finished steel

or wrought iron products into tubes.

5. Works used wholly or mainly for the Fifteen per cent.

extraction of crude oil from shale,

and works used wholly or mainly for the refining of crude oil.

6. Lands and heritages forming Twenty per cent.

part of the undertaking of any local authority, body or company supplying gas or water for public purposes or to members of the public and exclusively used in connection with such supply.

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

367

Class of Lands and Heritages.

Rate of Deduction.

7. Sewers, drains or sewerage works belonging to a local authority as local authority for the purposes of drainage or to any other authority having statutory power to levy a drainage rate.

8. Harbours, quays, wharves, docks, piers, ferries or canals (other than those valued as part of a railway undertaking) and any lands and heritages used wholly or mainly for the purposes thereof.

9. Lands and heritages belonging to or leased by a railway company and valued by the assessor of railways and canals as part of a railway undertaking.

10. Lands and heritages belonging to or leased by a tramway company or local authority, and valued by the assessor of railways and canals as part of the tramway undertaking of such company or authority.

11. Works used wholly or mainly for the, manufacture of steel ingots or wrought iron in conjunction with processes incidental to the manufacture of steel or wrought iron products or for the manipulation of semi-finished steel or wrought iron products into plates, sheets, sections, hoops, strips or bars.

12. Lands and heritages forming part of the undertaking of any local authority, body or company supplying electricity for public purposes or to members of the public and exclusively used in connection with such supply.

13. Agricultural lands and heritages—for the purposes of the owner’s share

of rates.

14. Agricultural lands and heritages,

for the purposes of the occupier’s

share of rates.

Twenty per cent.

Twenty per cent.

Twenty-five per cent.

Twenty-seven and one-

half per cent.

Thirty per cent.

Thirty per cent.

Twenty-five per cent.

Seventy-five per cent.

1st Sch.

— cont.

308

Ch. 47.

Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Section 27. SECOND SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Determination and Payment

of Compensation to Officers or Servants

Entitled Thereto.

1. The provisions of section one hundred and twenty of the Local Government (Scotland) Act, 1889, shall apply to the determination and payment of compensation to officers or

servants subject to the following and any other necessary modifications :—

(a) References to the county council and the Treasury shall be construed as references to the rating authority liable in payment to the officer or servant of compensation (in this Schedule referred to as the " compensating authority ") and the Secretary of State respectively, and the reference to the convener or viceconvener shall be construed in the case where the compensating authority is the town council of a burgh

as a reference to the lord provost, provost or acting chief magistrate of the burgh;

(b) The reference to the Acts and rules relating to His

Majesty’s Civil Service shall be construed as a reference

to the Acts and rules which were in operation at the date of the passing of the Local Government (Scotland)

Act, 1889;

(c) References to " the passing of this Act " shall, except

in the case of abolition or relinquishment of office, be

construed as references to the date when the loss arose,

and in the case of abolition or relinquishment of office,

as references to the date of such abolition or relinquishment;

(d) A claim for compensation shall not be maintainable unless it is intimated to the compensating authority within two years of the date on which it is alleged to

have arisen; »

(e) Expenses incurred by a rating authority in pursuance

of section twenty-seven of this Act and of this Schedule shall be defrayed in like manner as the expenses of levying and collecting rates:

Provided that if any compensation is payable by way

of a capital sum the payment of that compensation shall be a purpose for which the rating authority may borrow upon the security of the assessment or rate out of which the said expenses are to be defrayed,

and any sum so borrowed shall be repaid within a

period of five years from the date on which the sum

is borrowed.

(f) Subsections (8) and (9) shall not apply.

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

369

2. In computing the time of service in any capacity of any officer or servant for the purpose of the award of compensation,

the compensating authority shall take into account all the service

in any capacity of that officer or servant under any parish council, town council or county council, whether he was appointed annually or otherwise:

Provided that, if in pursuance of the power conferred by this Act an office is abolished by a rating authority, otherwise than

at the expiration of a complete year of service of an officer

or servant, the portion then expired of that year shall be

treated as a complete year where such portion exceeds six months, anct shall be ignored where such portion does not exceed six months.

3. The compensation payable to an officer or servant who immediately before the commencement of this Act held two or

more offices under any parish, town or county council or councils and who devoted the whole of his time to the duties of such offices, shall not be reduced by reason of the fact that he has devoted only part of his time to each of such offices.

4. If any officer or servant was temporarily absent from his employment during the late war whilst serving in His Majesty’s

forces, or the forces of the Allied or Associated Powers, either compulsorily or with the sanction or permission of the parish council, town council, or county council, as the case may be,

such period of temporary absence shall be reckoned as service under the council in whose employment he was immediately before and after such temporary absence, and the amount of his salary, wages and emoluments during such temporary absence shall be deemed to be the amount which he would have received from the council during that period if he had remained

in their actual service:

Provided that, in the case of an officer or servant who,

after the armistice, voluntarily extended his term of service in

the forces, no period of absence during such extension shall be

reckoned.

5. The compensating authority may, in their discretion and

in consideration of the fact that any officer or servant was appointed to his office as a specially qualified person, or of the fact that he had prior to his appointment served as a deputy,

assistant, or clerk to any officer not holding a temporary appointment, add any number of years (not exceeding ten) to the number

of years which such officer would otherwise be entitled to reckon for the purpose of computing the compensation to which he

would be entitled under the Acts and rules relating to His

Majesty’s Civil Service as applied by this Act.

A a

2nu Sch.

— cont.

370

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Section 30.

Ch. 47. Rating (Scotland)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

6. The compensation shall not exceed two-thirds of the annual pecuniary loss suffered by virtue of this Act, or of anything done in pursuance or in consequence of this Act, or if

the compensation is payable by way of a capital sum, two-thirds

of the capital value of such annual pecuniary loss.

7. No officer or servant shall be entitled to receive both compensation for pecuniary loss and a superannuation or

retiring allowance in respect of the same period of service and the same pecuniary loss.

i.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

8 & 9 Vict. The Poor Law (Scot-

c. 83. land) Act, 1845.

17 & 18 Vict. The Lands Valuation

c. 91. (Scotland) Act, 1854.

20 & 21 Vict. The Lunacy (Scotland)

c. 71. Act, 1857.

Extent of Repeal.

Sections thirty-four to forty-

five inclusive, sections forty-

nine, fifty-one, eighty-eight and eighty-nine.

In section twelve the words from " and as soon as such

" valuation roll has been

" authenticated as aforesaid "

to " their respective parishes, "

and in section eighteen the words from " shall cause such

" amount " to " the current

" year within such parishes

" respectively or ".

In section forty-one the words from the commencement of the section to " in terms of " this Act; and "

In section fifty-four the words

" expenses of assessment,

" collection, and remittance,

" and, " wherever these words occur.

In section fifty-five the words

" within eight months after

" notice by the commission-

" ers aforesaid and in the

" manner directed by the

" said last-mentioned Act ".

1926.

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 47.

371

Session and

Chapter.

35 & 36 Vict,

c. 62.

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 16.

52 & 53 Vict *

c. 50.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 55.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 58.

Short title.

Extent of Repeal.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1872.

The Registration

Amendment (Scotland) Act, 1885.

The Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1889.

The Burgh Police

(Scotland) Act, 1892.

The Local Government

(Scotland) Act, 1894.

In section forty-six the words from f‘ and the town council

" of every burgh shall" to

" for the purpose of promoting

" higher instruction ".

In section eleven the words

"or a collector of poor rates ".

In subsection (2) of section twenty - seven the words

" Subject to the provisions

" hereinafter contained ".

Subsection (4) of section twenty-

seven and subsection (5) of section sixty.

In section two hundred and sixty-seven the words from

" and provided also that " to

the end of the section.

Sections three hundred and forty-six and three hundred and forty-seven.

In subsection (1) of section twenty-seven the words "as

" ascertained for the pur-

" poses of the Poor Law

" (Scotland) Act, 1845 ".

In subsection (1) of section thirty-eight the words "as

" ascertained for the pur-

" poses of the Poor Law

" (Scotland) Act, 1845, " and the words "in terms of sec-

" tion eighty-nine of the said

" Act."

Subsection (7) of section forty-

four.

In subsection (3) of section fifty - one the words from

" including the collection of " rates " to " or burgh

" commissioners, " except so

far as applied by any local

Act.

3rd Sch.

—-coni.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 37.

The Agricultural Rates

Congested Districts and Burgh Tax Relief (Scotland) Act,

1896.

Section one.

372

Ch. 47, 48.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Prohibition

of disposal except on

registrar’s

certificate

or coroner’s

order.

Rating (Scotland) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Session and

Chapter.

Short title.

Extent of Repeal.

1 Edw. 7.

c. 24.

The Burgh Sewerage,

Drainage and Water

Supply (Scotland)

Act, 1901.

In section two the words from

" Provided also that for

" shops " to " in the manner

" provided in the principal

"Act".

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 38.

The Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

In subsection (2) of section sixty-five the words "and

" provided also that the con-

" sent of the Board shall

" be required to any assess-

" ment levied by the parish

" council acting as a district

" board".

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 48.

The Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

Subsections (2), (3) and (5) of section thirteen.

The proviso to paragraph 5 and paragraph 6 of the Fourth

Schedule.

13 & 14 Geo.

5. c. 39.

The Agricultural Rates

Act, 1923.

Sections eight and twelve.

CHAPTER 48.

An Act to amend the law relating to certification

of deaths and the disposal of the dead.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject as hereinafter provided, the body

of a deceased person shall not be disposed of before a

certificate of the registrar given in pursuance of this Act or an order of the coroner has been delivered to the person effecting the disposal:

1926. Births and Deaths Ch. 48. 373

Registration Act, 1926.

Provided that it shall be lawful for the person effecting the disposal by burial of the body of any deceased person, if satisfied by a written declaration in

the prescribed form by the person procuring the disposal that a certificate of the registrar or order of the coroner has been issued in respect of the deceased, to proceed with the burial notwithstanding that the certificate or

order has not been previously delivered to him.

(2) Any person contravening the provisions of this section shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

2.—(1) The registrar, upon registering any death. Registrar’s

shall forthwith give to the person giving information certificate concerning the death a certificate under his ha, nr] that. and

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1926.

[16 & 17 Geo. 5. Ch. 48.]

CORRIGENDA.

Section 2.—Subsections numbered (3), (4) and (5) should read (2), (3) and (4) respectively.

Printed by Eyre and Spottiswoode, Ltd.,

for

William Richard Codling, Esq., C.B., C.V.O., C.B.E., the King's Printer of Acts of Parliament.

o 279H.->

(3) Where the body of a deceased person has been removed into England for disposal, and no order has been given by a coroner in respect thereof, the registrar

of the sub-district in which it is intended to dispose of the body, if it appears that the death is not required

by law to be registered in England, shall give upon application by the person procuring the disposal and upon payment of the prescribed fee a certificate to that effect in the prescribed form.

(4) A person to whom any certificate issued by the registrar under this section is delivered shall transmit

it to the person effecting the disposal.

374

Ch. 48.

Notification

of disposal

to registrar.

Prohibition

of removal

of body out

of England

■without notice.

Burial of s tjU~bom children.

Births and Deaths 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1926.

(5) A registrar by whom a certificate has been given under this Act may, upon receiving a satisfactory explanation of any circumstances by reason of which such certificate is not available for the purposes of this Act,

issue on payment of the prescribed fee a duplicate thereof either to the person to whom the original certificate was given or to the person effecting the disposal; and any such duplicate certificate shall be

in a distinctive form.

3. — (1) The person effecting the disposal of the body of any deceased person shall, within ninety-six hours of the disposal, deliver to the registrar in the prescribed manner a notification as to the date, place and means of disposal of the body.

(2) The registrar shall, on the expiration of the prescribed period after the issue of a certificate by him

or of an order by the coroner in respect of a deceased person, if no notification as aforesaid has been previously received by him of the disposal of the body

of the deceased, make enquiry of the person to whom the certificate or order was given; and it shall be the duty of such person to give information to the best of his knowledge and belief as to the person having the custody of the certificate or order, the place in which the body is lying, or, if the body has been disposed

of, the person effecting the disposal.

4. The body of a deceased person shall not be

removed out of England until the expiration of the prescribed period after notice of the removal has been given to the coroner within whose jurisdiction the body

is lying or otherwise than in accordance with such procedure as may be prescribed, and any person contravening the provisions of this section shall be liable

on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding ten pounds.

5. It shall not be lawful for a person who has control over or who ordinarily buries bodies in any burial ground

to permit to be buried or to bury in such burial ground a

still-born child before there is delivered to him either a

certificate given by the registrar under the provisions

1926.

Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1926.

Ch. 48.

375

of this Act relating to still-births or, if there has been

an inquest, an order of the coroner.

6. —(1) Every certificate of cause of death required

to be given by section twenty of the Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1874, shall be in the prescribed form;

and the forms to be furnished under paragraph (1) of that section shall be the forms so prescribed.

(2) Notwithstanding anything contained in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section twenty of the Births and

Deaths Registration Act, 1874, every certificate of cause

of death required to be signed by that section shall be

delivered forthwith by the registered medical practitioner

by whom the certificate is signed to the registrar, and the registered medical practitioner, on signing a certificate

as aforesaid shall give in the prescribed form to some person required by the Births and Deaths Registration

Acts, 1836 to 1901, to give information concerning the death, notice in writing of the signing of the certificate,

and that person shall, except where an inquest is held

on the body of the deceased^ person, deliver the said notice to the registrar.

7. — (1) The birth of every still-born child shall be

registered by the registrar in a register of still-births containing the heads of information prescribed in the

First Schedule to this Act.

(2) In the case of every still-birth, it shall, unless there has been an inquest, be the duty of the person who would, if the child had been born alive, have been required by the Births and Deaths Registration Acts,

1836 to 1901, to give information concerning the birth,

to give information to the registrar of the particulars required to be registered concerning the still-birth; and every such person upon giving information shall either—

(i) deliver to the registrar a written certificate that the child was not born alive, signed by a

registered medical practitioner or certified midwife who was in attendance at the birth or who has examined the body of such child; or

(ii) make a declaration in the prescribed form to

the effect that no registered medical practitioner

or certified midwife was present at the birth.

Form and destination

of medical certificate

of cause of death.

Registration

of stillbirths.

376

Payment of fpoq

6* 7 Will. 4.

c. 86.

Regulations.

Ch. 48. Births and Deaths 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1926.

or has examined the body, or that his or her certificate cannot he obtained and that the child was not born alive.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, and subject to the prescribed exceptions, the provisions of the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1901,

shall apply to the registration and entry of a still-birth

as they apply to the registration or entry of the birth of a child born alive.

(4) The registrar upon registering a still-birth shall,

if so required, give, either to the person giving information concerning the still-birth or to the person who has control over or who ordinarily buries bodies in a burial ground in which it is intended to bury the still-born child, a certificate under his hand in the prescribed form that he has registered the still-birth, but may, on

receiving written notice of a still-birth accompanied

by a certificate given by a registered medical practitioner

or certified midwife under the foregoing provisions of this section, before registering the still-birth give to the person sending the notice a certificate that he has received notice of the still-birth, and any certificate given under this subsection shall be given without fee.

8 . — (1)In addition to the fee to be paid to any registrar under the provisions of section twenty-nine of the

Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1836, as amended

by section thirty-one of the Births and Deaths Registration Act, 1874, there shall be paid in respect of each entry of death in the register an additional sum of three pence.

(2) Where the person effecting the disposal is the incumbent of a parish, the fee payable to the incumbent

in respect of the disposal shall be increased by the sum

of sixpence.

9. The Minister of Health, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may make regulations—

(a) prescribing the period and form of notice to be

given to the coroner of an intention to remove

a body out of England; and as to the procedure upon removal and the notification of the

1926.

Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1926.

Ch. 48.

377

registrar as to the date and place of such '

removal;

(&) imposing any conditions and restrictions with respect to means of disposal otherwise than

by burial or cremation, as to the period of time

a body may be retained after death in an

inhabited house or other premises or with respect to embalming or preservation, which may appear to be desirable in the interests

of public health or public safety.

10. The power to make regulations under section Application seven of the Cremation Act, 1902, shall include a power to crema-

to make regulations for the purpose of applying the provisions of this Act to cases where human remains z g '

are disposed of by cremation, and except as may be

provided by any such regulations this Act shall not apply to cremation.

11. Any person contravening any of the provisions Penalties,

of this Act in respect of which no penalty is expressly imposed shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding forty shillings.

12. In this Act, unless the context otherwise re- Definitions,

quires—

" Prescribed" means prescribed by the Registrar-

General with the concurrence of the Minister

of Health;

" Registrar " means, with respect to any death or

birth the registrar who is the registrar for the sub-district in which the death or birth takes place;

" disposal" means disposal by burial, cremation

or any other means, and " disposed of " has

a corresponding meaning;

" person effecting the disposal" means the person

by whom or whose officer the register of burials

in which the disposal is to be registered is

kept, except that in the case of a burial under the Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880, in the 43 & 44 Vict.

c. 41.

378

Ch. 48.

Repeals,

extent,

short title and commencement.

Births and Deaths 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1926.

churchyard or graveyard of a parish or ecclesiastical district the expression "person effecting the disposal " shall be construed as referring to

the relative, friend, or legal representative having charge of or being responsible for the burial of the deceased person;

" still-born " and " still-birth " shall apply to any child which has issued forth from its mother after the twenty-eighth week of pregnancy and which did not at any time after being completely expelled from its mother, breathe or‘show any other signs of life.

13.—(1) The enactments set out in the Second

Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that Schedule.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Scotland or Northern

Ireland.

(3) This Act may be cited as the Births and Deaths

Registration Act, 1926, and the Births and Deaths

Registration Acts, 1836 to 1901, and this Act may be

cited together as the Births and Deaths Registration

Acts, 1836 to 1926.

(4) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

1926.

Births and Deaths Ch. 48.

Registration Act, 1926.

m

W

P

P

Q

H

P

o

m

379

Section 7.

380

Ch. 48, 49.

Section 13.

Births and Deaths 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Registration Act, 1926.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Jtepoal.

37 & 38 Vict, j

The Births and Deaths Re-

Section seventeen and in

c. 88.

gistration Act, 1874.

section eighteen the words

43 & 44 Vict,

c. 41.

44 & 45 Vict,

c. 2.

The Burial Laws Amendment Act, 1880.

The Burial and Registration Acts (Doubts Removal) Act, 1881.

from " and shall " to

" coroner."

Section eleven.

The whole Act.

CHAPTER 49.

An Act to continue certain Expiring Laws.

[15th December 1926.]

WHEREAS the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to

this Act are, in so far as they are in force and are temporary in their duration, limited to expire as

respects the Acts mentioned in Part I. of that Schedule

on the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and those mentioned in Part II. thereof are limited to expire on the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven:

And whereas it is expedient to provide for the continuance, as in this Act mentioned, of those Acts and of the enactments amending or affecting the same:

1926.

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1926.

Ch. 49.

381

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. —(1) The Acts mentioned in Part I. of the

Schedule to this Act shall, to the extent specified in

column three of that Schedule, he continued until the thirty-first day of December, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(2) The Acts mentioned in Part II. of the Schedule

to this Act shall, to the extent specified in column three

of that Schedule, be continued until the thirty-first day

of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-eight, and shall then expire, unless further continued.

(3) Any unrepealed enactments amending or affecting the enactments continued by this Act shall, in so far

as they are temporary in their duration, be continued

in like manner, whether they are mentioned in the

Schedule to this Act or not.

2. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Expiring

Laws Continuance Act, 1926.

(2) This Act shall apply to Northern Ireland in

so far as it deals with any enactment relating to a

subject with respect to which the Parliament of Northern

Ireland has not power to make laws, but subject to this provision this Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

Continuance

of Acts in

Schedule.

Short title and application to

Northern

Ireland. '

382

Ch. 49. Expiring Laws 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Continuance Act, 1926.

SCHEDULE.

Pajrt I.

2.

3.

4.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How far continued.

Amending Acts.

(i)

46 & 47 Vict,

c. 60.

The Labourers (Ireland) Act, 1883.

The whole Act

(2)

58 & 59 Vict,

c. 21.

(3)

4Edw.7. c.24.

The Seal Fisheries

(North Pacific)

Act, 1895.

The Wireless Telegraphy Act, 1904.

The whole Act

The whole Act

(4)

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 2.

The Coal

(Minimum

Act, 1912.

Mines

Wage)

The whole Act

48 & 49 Vict.

, c. 77.

49 & 50 Vict,

c. 59.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 48.

54 & 55 Vict,

c. 71.

55 & 56 Vict,

c. 7.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 53.

61 & 62 Vict,

c. 37.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 37.

7 Edw. 7.

p A \

9 Edw. 7.

c. 42.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 55.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 10.

6 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 67.

10 & 11 Geo.5.

e. 50.

1926. Expiring Laws Ch. 49.

Continuance Act, 1926.

1.

Session and

Chapter.

2.

[Short Title.]

3.

How far continued.

4.

Amending Acta.

(5)

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

‘c. 3.

The Grey Seals Protection Act, 1914.

The whole Act.

(6)

4 & 5 Geo. 5.

The Courts (Emer-

So far as it relates

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

c. 78.

gency Powers)

to orders made by

c. 13.

Act, 1914.

any court before

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

the thirty-first day of August,

nineteen hundred and twenty-two.

c. 18.

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

e. 25.

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 64.

10 & 11 Geo.5.

c 5

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

(7)

6 & 7 Geo. 5.

The Local Govern-

Sections six, seven,

e. 12.

ment (Emergency

Provisions) Act,

1916.

and nine; subsection (7) of section thirteen; paragraph (3) of section twenty-two.

(8)

6'& 7 Geo. 5.

The Local Govern-

The whole Act

11 & 12 Geo. 5.

‘ c. 55.

ment (Emergency

Provisions) (No. 2)

Act, 1916.

c. 12.

0)

7 &[8 Geo. 5.

c. 19.

The Coroners (Emergency Provisions)

Act, 1917.

The whole Act.

(10)

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Juries Act, 1918

Section seven.

c. 23.

(ID

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Statutory Un-

So far as it relates

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

e. 34.

dertakings (Temporary Increase

of Charges) Act,

1918.

to tramway undertakings.

c. 14.

(12)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

c. 35.

The Housing, Town

Planning, &o.

Act, 1919.

Section twenty-five.

383

384

Ch. 49. Expiring Laws 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Continuance Act, 1926.

1.

2.

3.

4.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How far continued.

Amending Acta.

(13)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Housing, Town

Section twenty-two.

c. 60.

Planning, &c.

(Scotland) Act,

1919.

(14)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Allens Restrie-

Section one.

c. 92.

tion (Amendment)

Act, 1919.

(15)

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Land Settle-

Sections one and

12 & 13 Geo.5.

c. 97.

(16)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

ment (Scotland)

Act, 1919.

two.

c. 52.

The Harbours Docks

The whole Act

12& l3 Geo.5.

c. 21.

and Piers (Temporary Increase of Charges) Act,

1920.

c. 23.

(17)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Ministry of So far as it autho-

c. 47.

Food (Continu-

rises the making,

ance) Act, 1920.

or revoking in

whole or in part,

of Parts I. and

III. of the Sale

of Food Order,

1921, and provides for the enforcement and imposes penalties for the breach thereof.

(18)

lO&11 Geo .5,

The Unemployment

The whole Act.

c. 57.

(Relief Works)

Act, 1920.

(19)

10 & 11 Geo.5.

The Shops (Early

The whole Act

11 &12 Geo.5.

c. 58.

Closing) Act, 1920.

c. 60.

(20)

10 & 11 Geo. 5.

The Employment of Section two.

c. 65.

Women, Young

Persons and

Children Act,

1920.

1926.

Expiring Laws

Continuance Act, 1926.

Ch. 49.

385

1 .

2.

3.

4.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

How far continued.

Amending Acts.

(21)

11 ll&12 12 Geo.5.

The National Health

The whole Act.

c. 66.

Insurance (Prolongation of Insurance) Act,

1921.

(22)

12 & 13 Geo.5?

The Canals (Con-

The whole Act

15 & 16 Geo. 6.

c. 27.

tinuance of Charging Powers) Act,

1922.

c. 2.

(23)

14 & 15 Geo.5.

The National Health

Section fifty-four.

c. 38.

Insurance Act,

1924.

Part II.

(24)

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 16.

The Agricultural

Rates Act, 1896.

The whole Act

2 Edw. 7.

c. 42.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

13 & 14 Geo.5.

c. 39.

(25)

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 37.

The Agricultural

Rates, Congested

Districts, and

Burgh Land Tax

Relief (Scotland)

Act, 1896.

The whole Act

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 53.

7 Edw. 7.

c. 13.

1 & 2 Geo. 5.

c. 49.

13 & 14 Geo. 5.

c. 39.

(26)

13 & 14 Geo.5.

The Agricultural

The whole Act,

15 Geo. 5.

c. 39.

Rates Act, 1923.

except section fifteen.

c. 10.

B b

386

Ch. 50.

Burgh Registers 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 50.

An Act to provide for the discontinuance of the

Burgh Registers of Sasines in Scotland.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the Ring’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with* the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Burgh re- 1. The whole burgh registers of sasines in Scotland gister of shall be discontinued in the manner aftermentioned:

sasines discontinued. (1) As soon as the office of the keeper of any burgh register falls vacant, the town council having the right

of appointment to such office shall appoint an interim

. keeper, and shall intimate the vacancy to the Secretary

of State, whereupon the Secretary of State may

by order under his hand direct the discontinuance of such burgh register of sasines, and the Secretary of State shall cause such order to be recorded in the division or divisions of the general register of sasines applicable to the county or counties mentioned opposite

to such burgh in the First Schedule to this Act

annexed, and a copy of such order to be transmitted

to the town clerk of the said burgh, and shall cause such order to be advertised in the Edinburgh

Gazette, and in any newspaper or newspapers he may deem proper; and such order shall specify the day, not being less than one calendar month after the date of such publication in the Edinburgh Gazette, from and after which such burgh register of sasines is to be discontinued;

and after the date so to be specified in any such order, as

regards the burgh register of sasines to which such order shall apply, it shall not be competent to present,

or for the town clerk of such burgh to receive, any writ for registration therein; and any writ which, previous

to the discontinuance of such burgh register might competently have been presented for registration therein.

1926.

Burgh Registers

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 50.

387

shall, after the said discontinuance, be registrable in

the general register of sasines in the division thereof applicable to the county mentioned opposite to such burgh in the First Schedule to this Act annexed or to

the county mentioned in the said schedule opposite to

the part of the burgh in which the property to which the writ relates is situated, and such registration in the general register of sasines shall have all the force and effect previously attached to registration in the appropriate burgh register of sasines; and all such writs may be registered in

the general register of sasines, not only for publication,

but as in the books of council and session for preservation,

or for preservation and execution in like manner with other writs registrable in the general register of sasines:

Provided that (subject as hereinafter in this section provided) where the office of keeper of any burgh register of sasines is held jointly by two or more persons

a vacancy in such office shall not be held to occur so long

as any of such holders continues in office: Provided further that no joint appointment to such office of keeper shall be made after this Act comes into operation, but without prejudice to the appointment of any joint town clerk.

(2) The town council of any burgh may, with the consent of the keeper or joint keepers for the time being of the burgh register of sasines for that burgh,

pass a resolution that such register shall be discontinued,

and upon the passing of such resolution a vacancy shall

be held to have occurred in the office of the keeper of such register and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply to such vacancy.

2. — (1) As soon*as conveniently may be, and in Trans-

any case not later than one month after the discon- " 1Sf, 1 ° n of tinuance of a burgh register of sasines, the whole volumes Afters 0 f

thereof, from and after the first day of January, eighteen sas ines to

hundred and seventy, and all minute books and present- keeper of ment books and other public records relating thereto, t he records,

shall be transmitted by the town clerk to the keeper of the records in such manner as the keeper of the records may direct or approve, and such volumes and records shall be kept in the custody of the keeper of the records,

subject to right of access thereto, and inspection thereof,

388 Ch. 50. Burgh Registers 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

by members of the public, on such conditions as the

Treasury may. from time to time prescribe after consultation with the Lord President of the Court of Session,

the Lord. Advocate, and the Lord Justice Clerk.

(2) The volumes and records of the burgh register

so transmitted to the keeper of the records shall remain the property of the burgh from which they were transmitted, and shall be re-transmitted to the town clerk

of such burgh as follows:At the end of ten years after the discontinuance of such burgh register the portion applicable to the period from the first day of January, eighteen hundred and seventy, to the thirty-

first day of December, eighteen hundred and seventy-four,

shall be returned, and at the end of each period of five years thereafter the portion applicable to the five years immediately following those already returned shall be

returned until the whole volumes have been returned:

Provided that the keeper of the records, if he or the keeper of the general register of sasines finds it necessary,

may, from time to time, with the consent of the Secretary

of State, retain the custody of such volumes and records, or require the same or any prior volumes and records to be transmitted to him, for such period as

the Secretary of State may fix, but not in any case exceeding three years.

(3) The town council of any burgh mentioned in the

First Schedule to this Act shall, notwithstanding anything

in this Act contained, be responsible for the safe custody

of any volumes of the burgh register of sasines for that burgh and relative records which have not been transmitted to the keeper of the records or which have been returned, and shall allow to all niembers of the public reasonable access to such volumes and records and inspection thereof: Provided that any such town council may, at any time, if they so resolve, deliver such volumes and records to the keeper of the records for permanent custody, and the keeper of the records shall be bound to

receive the same, and thereupon all responsibility and obligation of such town council with reference thereto shall cease and determine: Provided further that the custody of such volumes by the keeper of the records shall be subject always to right of access thereto and

1926.

Burgh Registers

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Ch. 50.

389

inspection thereof by members of the public, on such conditions as the Treasury may from time to time prescribe, after consultation with the Lord President of the

Court of Session, the Lord Advocate, and the Lord

Justice Clerk.

3. The keeper of the general register of sasines Responsi-

shall, from and after the discontinuance of the burgh bilities of registers of sasines, or any of them, be subject to such ^ansfemid 8

and the like responsibilities and liabilities with respect k ee p er

to the registration in the- general register of sasines of 0 f general writs which, but for the discontinuance of the burgh register of registers of sasines, or any of them, would have been sasines.

registrable therein, as the said keeper is now subject to

with reference to the registration in the general register

of sasines of writs now registrable therein.

4. From and after the date of the discontinuance of Repeal,

the burgh register of sasines of any burgh, the Acts specified in the Second Schedule to this Act are, in their application to that burgh, hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

5. The provisions of this Act shall apply with the Register of necessary modifications to the register of booking for booking for the burgh of Paisley in like manner as they apply to the °

burgh registers of sasines of the other burghs mentioned

in the First Schedule to this Act.

6. This Act may be cited as the Burgh Registers Short title.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

390

Sections 1,

2 and 4.

Ch. 50.

Burgh Registers 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Name of Burgh.

Division of General

Register of Sasines applicable thereto.

Name of Burgh.

Division of General

Register of Sasines applicable thereto.

Aberdeen

County of Aber-

Edinburgh

County of Edin-

deen.

burgh.

Annan -

, Dum-

Elgin

County of Elgin fries.

and Forres.

Anstruther

, Fife.

Falkland

County of Fife.

(Wester).

Forfar -

, Forfar.

Aberbrothoek

, Forfar.

Forres -

, Elgin

or Arbroath.

and Forres.

Auchtermuchty

, Fife.

Fortrose

County of Ross

Ayr

, Ayr.

and Cromarty.

Banff

, Banff.

Glasgow

County of the

Brechin -

, Forfar.

Barony and Re-

Burntisland -

, Fife.

gality of Glas-

Crail

, Fife.

gow.

Cullen -

, Banff.

Haddington -

County of East

Culross -

, Fife.

Lothian.

Cupar -

, Fife.

Dingwall

, Ross

Inverbervie -

County of Kincar-

and Cromarty.

dine.

Dumbarton -

County of Dum-

Inverkeithing

, Fife.

barton.

Inverness

, Inver-

Dumfries—

ness.

So much of County of Dum-

Inverurie or

, Aber-

the Royal-

fries.

Keitbhall.

deen.

ty as lies

Irvine -

, Ayr.

within the

Jedburgh

, Rox-

County of burgh.

Dumfries.

Kinghom

, Fife.

The remain-

County of the

Kintore -

, Aber-

der of the

Stewartry of deen.

Royalty.

Kirkcudbright.

Kirkcaldy

, Fife.

Dunbar -

County of East

Kirkcudbright

, the

Lothian.

Stewartry of Dundee -

County of Forfar.

Kirkcudbright.

Dunfermline -

, Fife.

Kirkwall

Counties of Ork-

Dysart -

, Fife.

ney and Zet-

Earlsferry

, Fife.

land.

1926. Burgh Registers Ch. 50.

(Scotland) Act, 1926.

Name of Burgh.

Division of General

Register of Sasines applicable thereto.

Name of Burgh.

Division of General

Register of Sasines applicable thereto.

Lanark -

County of Lanark.

Rutherglen—

Lauder -

, Ber-

So much of County of the wick.

the Royal-

Barony and

Linlithgow

, West

ty as lies

Regality of Lothian.

within the

Glasgow.

Lochmaben -

, Dumfries.

City of Glasgow.

Montrose -

, Forfar.

The remain-

County of Lanark.

Nairn

, Nairn.

der of the

Newburgh

, Fife.

Royalty.

New Galloway

, the

St. Andrews -

>> Fife.

Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

Sanquhar

, D u m -

fries.

North Berwick

County of East

Lothian.

Selkirk -

.. Selkirk.

Paisley -

County of Renfrew.

Stirling -

, Stir-

ling.

Peebles -

, Peebles.

Stranraer

, Wig-

Perth

, Perth.

town.

Pittenweem -

, Fife.

Tain

, Ross

Queensferry -

, West and Cromarty.

Lothian.

Whithorn

County of Wig-

Renfrew

, Ren-

town.

, frew.

Wigtown

County of Wig-

Rothesay

, Bute.

town.

SECOND

SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

Act 1681, C.

Act concerning the

The whole Act.

11.

registration of seisins and reversions of tenements within burgh.

391

1st Sch.

— cont.

Section 4.

392

Ch. 50.

Burgh Registers 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

.(Scotland) Act, 1926.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

49 Geo. 3.

c. 42.

10 Geo. 4.

c. 19.

20 & 21 Vict,

c. 26.

31 &, 32 Vict,

c. 64.

31 & 32 Vict,

c. 101.

37 & 38 Vict,

c. 94.

14 & 15 Geo.

5. c. 27.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

Public Records

(Scotland) Act,

1809.

The Registration

of Sasines Act,

Section nine.

Section eleven so far as it requires magistrates of royal burghs to

examine the progress and state of the records framed and kept in

virtue of the Act 1681, c. 11.

Section two.

1829.

The Registration

of Leases (Scotland) Act, 1857.

Land Registers

(Scotland) Act,

1868.

The Titles to Land

Consolidation

(Scotland) Act,

1868.

The Conveyancing

(Scotland) Act,

1874.

The Conveyancing

(Scotland) Act,

1924.

In section one—the words "other

" than lands and heritages held

" by burgage tenure, and to record

" in the several burgh registers

" of sasines probative leases for

" the period foresaid of lands

" and heritages within the burgh

" for which such register is kept,

" and held by burgage tenure."

Section twenty-seven.

Section one hundred and thirty-six.

In section one hundred and forty-

one—the words "in the case of " lands not held by burgage

" tew re " and the words "and

" in the case of lands held by

" burgage tenure the register or

" registers of the burgh or burghs."

Section twenty-five so far as it

requires the recording of writs in

any burgh register of sasines or in

the register of booking for the burgh of Paisley.

Schedule F from the words "or in

" the Register of the Burgh

" of K " to the words "or the

" Burghs of K, L, and M."

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926 .

Ch. 51.

393

CHAPTER 51.

An Act to amend the law with respect to the supply of electricity.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—■

Constitution and General Powers of Central

Electricity Board.

1.—(1) For the purposes of this Act there shall be Constitution established as soon as may be after the passing of this of Central

Act a body to be called the Central Electricity Board

(in this Act referred to as the Board), consisting of a oar chairman and seven other members appointed by the Minister of Transport after consultation with such representatives or bodies representative of the following interests as the Minister thinks fit, that is to say, local government, electricity, commerce, industry, transport,

agriculture, and labour.

(2) A person shall be disqualified for being appointed

or being chairman or a member of the Board so long

as he is a Member of the Commons House of Parliament.

(3) The chairman of the Board and any member

of the Board who is, by the terms of his appointment,

required to devote* the whole of his time to the performance of his duties under this Act shall, within three months after his appointment, sell any securities which

he may hold in his own name or in the name of a

nominee for his own benefit in any company carrying on

the business of supplying electricity or the manufacture

or sale of machinery or plant for the generation or

transmission of electricity; and it shall not be lawful for the chairman or any such member of the Board whilst

he holds office to purchase for his own benefit any securities in any such company, and if the chairman

or any such member of the Board under any will or

394

Ch. 51.

Electricity (Supply)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

succession becomes entitled for his own benefit to any securities in any such company, he shall sell them within three months after he has so become entitled thereto.

(4) Any member of the Board shall, if he is

interested in any company with which the Board has

or proposes to make any contract, disclose to the Board the fact and nature of his interest, and shall take no

part in any deliberation or decision of the Board relating to such contract, and such disclosure shall be

forthwith recorded in the minutes of the Board.

4

(5) Where the chairman or other member of the

Board becomes disqualified for holding office or is absent from the meetings of the Board for more than six months consecutively, except for some reason approved by the Minister of Transport, or fails to comply with the foregoing provisions of this section, the Minister of Transport shall forthwith declare the office to be vacant, and shall notify the fact in such manner as he thinks fit, and thereupon the office shall become vacant.

(6) The Board shall be a body corporate with power

to hold land without licence in mortmain and shall have power to regulate their own procedure:

Provided that the quorum of the Board shall not

be less than one-third of the full number of the

Board.

(7) The Board may act notwithstanding a vacancy

in their number.

(8) A person appointed to be the chairman or to

be a member of the Board shall hold office for such term not less than five years nor more thjvn ten years as may

be determined by the Minister before his appointment.

(9) The Board shall appoint a secretary and such other officers and servants as the Board may determine,

and there shall be paid out of the fund hereinafter established to the members of the Board, or any of them,

such salaries or fees and allowances for expenses as the Minister of Transport may determine, and to the secretary, officers and servants of the Board such salaries and remuneration, and, on retirement or death, such pensions and gratuities, as the Board may determine;

and any expenses incurred by the Board in the exercise

192(5.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

395

and performance of their powers and duties under this Act shall be defrayed out of the said fund.

(10) The Board shall have a common seal, and the seal of the Board shall be authenticated by the signature

of the chairman of the Board or some other member of the Board authorised by the Board to act in that behalf,

and of the secretary, or some other person authorised by

the Board to act in that behalf.

(11) Every document purporting to be an order or

other instrument issued by the Board and to be sealed with the seal of the Board authenticated in manner provided by this section, or to be signed by the secretary

or any person authorised to act in that behalf, shall be

received in evidence and be deemed to be such order or

instrument without further proof unless the contrary is

shown.

2.—(1) The Board shall be charged with the duty

of supplying electricity to authorised undertakers in

accordance with the provisions of this Act, but shall not,

save as hereinafter expressly provided, themselves generate electricity, and the Board shall have such further powers and duties as are provided by this Act.

(2) It shall be lawful for the Board to enter into arrangements with any authorised undertakers for the delegation to them of any of the powers of the Board under this Act which the Board think can more expediently be exercised locally.

(3) Where proposals are made to the Board by any association of owners of generating stations which, by

virtue of this Act, become selected stations within an

area for which a scheme has been adopted under this Act for the delegation to the association of any powers and duties of the Board within that area, then, if the

Board are satisfied that the association making the proposals is a fit and proper body tc carry out those powers and duties, the Board shall comply with the proposals if and so far as they consider it practicable to

do so without prejudice to the efficient discharge of the general duties of the Board, or to the efficient execution

of the scheme within the area, but subject to such conditions as the Board may think fit to impose.

General powers and duties at

Board.

396

Ch. 51.

Appointment of consultative techni cal committees.

Preparation and carrying out of scheme.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(4) The Board shall not delegate any of their powers with respect to selected stations without the consent of the owners of those stations, nor shall they delegate their power of adopting schemes or fixing a tariff under this Act.

3.—(1) The Board may appoint one or more consultative technical committees consisting of engineers employed in connection with undertakings comprising generating stations which are by virtue of this Act

for the time being selected stations.

(2) A consultative technical committee shall give advice and assistance on such matters as may be referred

to the committee by the Board, and for that purpose the committee shall meet from time to time as the Board may determine.

Provisions as to Scheme.

4.—(1) The Electricity Commissioners shall, as soon

as practicable, prepare and transmit to the Board a

scheme or schemes relating to the respective areas specified therein—

(a) determining what generating stations (whether existing stations or new stations) shall be the stations (in this Act referred to as selected stations) at which electricity shall be generated for the purposes of the Board;

(b) providing for interconnection, by means of main transmission lines to be constructed or acquired

by the Board, of selected stations with one another and with the systems of authorised undertakers, and, where the scheme relates to a

specified area, for interconnection by means of such lines of the system of the Board in that area with the system of the Board in any other area with respect to which a scheme is then in

force or may subsequently be made;

(c) providing for such standardisation of frequency

as may be essential to the carrying out of the proposals for such interconnection as aforesaid;

1926. Electricity (Supply) Ch. 51. 397

* Act, 1926. *

(d) enabling or requiring temporary arrangements

(to be in force during the carrying out of the works specified in the scheme) to be made between the Board and owners of generating stations (whether authorised undertakers or

not) with respect to the giving and taking to

and by the Board of supplies of electricity,

and with respect to the working of generating stations (whether selected stations or not) by

the owners thereof;

(e) containing such supplemental, incidental and consequential provisions as may appear necessary

or expedient for any of the purposes aforesaid:

Provided that neither a railway generating station operated by a railway company at the date of the passing of this Act, nor a generating station belonging

to any canal, inland navigation, dock or harbour undertakers, and operated by the owners thereof at the date

of the passing of this Act, nor a private generating station, shall, without the consent of the owners thereof,

be included in the scheme as a selected station, nor shall the owners of such a station be required to enter into any temporary arrangements under a scheme, and a

scheme shall not authorise the acquisition of a main transmission line belonging to any such undertakers or

the owners of a private generating station without the consent of the owners thereof.

(2) The Board shall cause every scheme to be published, and shall give public notice of the date (not being less than one month from the date of the notice) by

which authorised undertakers and other persons interested may make representations thereon, and the

Board after considering the scheme and such representations, and after holding such inquiries (if any) as

they think fit, may adopt the scheme either without modifications, or subject to such modifications as they think fit, and either generally or as respects any part of the area specified in the scheme, and shall publish the scheme as so adopted by them, and where the scheme has been adopted as respects part of the said area it may subsequently be adopted as respects other parts of the area.

(3) As soon as a scheme is so adopted and published either generally or as respects any part of the area specified therein, it shall be the duty of the Board to

398

Ch. 51.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 # Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

carry out and give effect to the scheme, or to carry out and give effect to the scheme within the said part of the area, as the case may be:

Provided that, if any authorised undertakers on

whom obligations are imposed by the scheme consider that the carrying out of those obligations would be

prejudicial to them, they may, within one month after the publication of the scheme as adopted, by notice

in writing, specifying the nature of the complaint and

of the relief sought by them, require the Board to refer the matter complained of to the arbitration of a

barrister (or in Scotland an advocate) qualified for appointment to judicial office appointed by the Minister

of Transport from panels to be set up by the Lord

Chancellor and the Lord President of the Court of Session respectively for the purpose, and the Board shall refer the matter accordingly, unless they amend the scheme by relieving the complainants of such obligations as aforesaid, and shall not, pending the determination of the complaint, unless the complaint is

one with respect to which no relief other than pecuniary compensation can be awarded, carry the scheme into effect so far as it affects the complainants.

(4) The arbitrator to whom any such matter is so

referred may, in any case in which he thinks it expedient to do so, call in the aid of one or more qualified assessors and hear the case wholly or partially with the assistance of such assessors, and may, if satisfied as to

the justice of the complaint, either order such pecuniary compensation to be made to the complainants as seems equitable in all the circumstances or order the scheme

to be amended in such manner as he may direct:

Provided that the arbitrator shall not grant any relief other than pecuniary compensation in any case where the Board certify that the grant of such relief would conflict with the basic principles of the scheme or would prejudicially affect the efficiency of the scheme.

(5) A scheme may from time to time be altered or

extended by a scheme made and adopted in like manner and subject to the like right of appeal as the original scheme:

Provided that a generating station included in a

scheme as a selected station shall not cease to be a

selected station without the consent of the owners thereof.

1926. Electricity (Supply) Ch. 51. 399

Act, 1926.

5. — (1) The Board shall make arrangements with Existing the owners of existing generating stations which by selected virtue of a scheme become selected stations for the stations,

stations being operated in accordance with the provisions

of this Act, and for such extensions and alterations thereof as may be required by the scheme, and for such additional extensions and alterations as the Board, with the approval of the Electricity Commissioners, may from time to time direct:

Provided that, if the owners of any such station consider that any directions of the Board requiring additional extensions or alterations impose upon them an

unreasonable financial burden, the matter shall, if they

so require, be referred to the arbitration of a barrister

(or in Scotland an advocate) appointed by the Minister

of Transport from the appropriate panel set up under section four of this Act, and the arbitrator may in any case in which he thinks it expedient to do so call in the aid of one or more qualified assessors and hear the case wholly or partially with the assistance of such assessors.

(2) If the owners of any such station are unwilling

to enter into or fail to carry out any such arrangements

to the satisfaction of the Board, the Minister of Transport may by order empower any authorised undertakers

or other company or person approved by the Board, or,

failing such authorised undertakers, company or person,

the Board, to acquire the generating station at a price to

be determined in accordance with the provisions of the

First Schedule to this Act, but where the generating station is situate in an electricity district for which a

joint electricity authority has been constituted that authority shall be given first opportunity to acquire the station, and on payment or tender of such price the Minister of Transport may make an order vesting the generating station in the authorised undertakers, company

or person, or the Board:

Provided that an order under this subsection authorising the acquisition of a generating station shall not come into force until it has been laid before each

House of Parliament for a period of not less than thirty days on which that House has sat and if either House of Parliament before the expiration of that period presents

an address to His Majesty no further proceedings shall

be taken thereon.

400

Ch. 51.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(3) Where the Board acquire a generating station under this section, they may carry out such extensions

or alterations thereof as are required by the scheme or

as they think fit, and may either operate it themselves

or make arrangements with any authorised undertakers

or other company or person to operate it:

Provided that the Board shall not themselves operate such a generating station unless they satisfy the Electricity Commissioners that they are unable to enter into an

arrangement with any authorised undertakers or other company or person to operate it on reasonable terms,

and where the generating station is situate in an

electricity district for which a joint electricity authority has been constituted, the Board shall first endeavour

to enter into arrangements with that authority to

operate the station.

New se- 6.—(1) The Board may make arrangements with lected any authorised undertakers in whose area of supply, or

stations. j n the neighbourhood of whose area of supply, any new generating station required by a scheme is to be situated,

for the provision of such station.

(2) If the Board satisfy the Electricity Commissioners that they are unable to enter into an arrangement with any such authorised undertakers for the provision of any such new station on reasonable terms,

the Commissioners may by a special order under section

9 & 10 twenty-six of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, authorise

Geo. 5. the Board or any company or person to provide the

°. 100. station.

(3) Where the Board themselves provide a new generating station, they may operate it themselves, or

make arrangements with any authorised undertakers or

other company or person to operate it:

Provided that the Board shall not themselves operate such a generating station unless they satisfy the

Electricity Commissioners that they are unable to enter into an arrangement with any authorised undertakers or

other company or person to operate it on reasonable terms.

Obligations 7.—(1) As from such date as may be fixed by the and rights Board, the owners of a selected station shall be under selected the Obligation-

stations. (a) to operate the station so as to generate such quantity of electricity, at such rates of output.

192(3.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

401

and at such times as the Board may direct, and

to conduct such operations with due regard to

economy and efficiency;

(b) to sell to the Board all electricity generated at

the station at such price as is hereinafter mentioned.

(2) The owners of a selected station shall (subject

to the provisions of ^this Act enabling the Board to

require authorised undertakers to take the whole of their supply from the Board and without prejudice

to the powers of such owners to demand a supply under the other provisions of this Act) be entitled to

be supplied by the Board from that station at such price as hereinafter mentioned with such amount of electricity as they may require for the purposes of their undertaking not exceeding the amount generated

at the station.

(3) The price to be paid by the Board to the owners

of a selected station for electricity generated thereat shall, unless otherwise agreed, be the cost of production to

be ascertained in accordance with the rules contained in

the Second Schedule to this Act.

(4) The price at which electricity shall be supplied

by the Board from a selected station to the owners of that station shall unless otherwise agreed be either—

(a) the cost of production ascertained in manner provided by subsection (3) of this section adjusted according to the load factor and power factor of the supply given to the owners of the selected station, together with a proper proportion of the Board’s expenses other than those incurred by Jffie Board in the purchase or

generation of electricity; or

(b) according to the tariff fixed under this Act for the supply of electricity by the Board;

whichever is the lower.

(5) Where the price to be paid for electricity by or

to the Board is to be calculated in accordance with this section, the amount to be paid by or to the Board for

a supply in any year shall be ascertained as soon as

practicable after the end of the year of account, but the Board shall make to the owners of each selected station monthly payments on account of the net amounts

C c

402 Ch. 51. Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

].-> & 1C

Geo. 5.

c. lxii.

15 & 16

Geo. 5.

o. lxiii.

due from the Board to those owners under this section

in accordance with estimates made for the purpose,

subject to adjustment as soon after the end of the year

of account as the actual liability can be ascertained.

(6) If any question between the Board and the owners of a selected station arises under this section,

then, if it relates to the cost of production, it shall be

determined by an auditor appointed by the Minister of Transport, and in any other case*it shall be determined

by the Electricity Commissioners:

Provided that, pending the determination of the question by the auditor or Commissioners, the owners of the station shall comply with any requirements which may be lawfully made by the Board.

(7) For the purposes of the agreements contained in

the Third Schedule to the London Electricity (No. 1)

Act, 1925, and the London Electricity (No. 2) Act, 1925,

the Board, in relation to the electricity purchased by the

Board from the owners of selected stations in pursuance

of this section shall not be deemed to be a consumer within the meaning of paragraph three of the schedule

to those agreements.

Construction and acquisition

of main transmission lines.

8.—(1) As soon as may be after a scheme under this Act has been adopted as respects any area or

part of an area, the Board shall construct and lay down the main transmission lines required for the interconnection of selected stations with one another and with the systems of authorised undertakers in accordance with the scheme so far as it relates to that area or part of an

area.

(2) Where a scheme provides for the acquisition

by the Board of any main transmission line belonging

to any authorised undertakers, such transmission line shall, on notice being given by the Board to the undertakers and on payment or tender to the undertakers of the price to be determined in accordance with the First

Schedule to this Act, vest in the Board upon an order

to that effect being made by the Minister of Transport.

(3) Where the Board have so acquired a main transmission line and, by reason of the user thereof by

the Board, the alteration or replacement of switch gear or

other apparatus of any authorised undertakers connected with the line becomes necessary, the Board shall defray

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

403

the reasonable expenses incurred by the undertakers in

effecting such alteration or replacement, and any question as to whether such alteration or replacement is

necessary, or as to the expenses thereof, shall in default of agreement be determined by an arbitrator appointed by

the Minister of Transport.

9, —(1) The Board may require any authorised Standardi-

undertakers or the owners of any selected station to sation of amend or alter the frequency employed in then under- fre(l uenc y *

taking or station, if and so far as such amendment or

alteration is required to effect the standardisation of frequency "provided by a scheme, or to effect such standardisation of frequency as the Board with the approval of the Electricity Commissioners may think expedient, subject to the payment to the authorised undertakers or owners of any expenses which they may properly incur in carrying such requirements into effect

(including the cost of altering or replacing plant belonging

to consumers), and the Board shall, if required, advance free of interest such sums as may be necessary to enable the said authorised undertakers and owners to effect such amendment or alteration, and it shall be the duty of the undertakers or owners to comply with such requirements and they are hereby authorised to do so notwithstanding anything in any special Act or Order relating to their undertaking.

(2) The payment of any such expenses and the making of such advances shall be purposes for which the Board may borrow under this Act, but such part of the revenue of the Board as is required to meet the interest on and sinking fund charges in respect of money

so borrowed shall be excluded in any computation of receipts made in estimafing for the purposes of rating the net annual value of hereditaments, or the yearly rent or

value of lands and heritages in Scotland, occupied by

the Board for the purposes of their undertaking.

(3) The Board shall be entitled to be repaid by the

Electricity Commissioners in each year the sums required to meet the interest and sinking fund charges

in respect of money so borrowed, and the payment of such sums shall be treated as part of the expenses of the

Electricity Commissioners, but shall be shown as a

separate item in their accounts and in their demand notes for contributions towards their expenses:

Cc 2

404 Ch. 51. Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Provided that the apportionment of the expenses of the Electricity Commissioners under this subsection,

instead of being made in accordance with section seven

12 & IS of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1922, shall be made on

Geo. 5. c. 46. the basis of the revenue received from the sale of electricity, other than electricity sold in bulk to

authorised undertakers.

(4) Any question of the amount of the expenses properly incurred by authorised undertakers or owners

in carrying out any such requirement sljall in default of agreement be determined by the Electricity

Commissioners or at the option of the authorised undertakers or owners be referred to the arbitration of a

barrister (or in Scotland an advocate) appointed by the Minister of Transport from the appropriate panel set up

under section four of this Act, and the arbitrator may,

if he thinks it expedient to do so, call in the aid of one

or more qualified assessors and hear the case wholly or

partially with the assistance of such Assessors:

Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent the Board and the authorised undertakers or owners concerned from entering into an agreement fixing the sum to be taken in discharge of the liability of the

Board to the undertakers or owners under this section.

(5) Notwithstanding anything in this section—

(a) a railway company shall not be required to

alter the frequency employed by them in their undertaking or generating station except by

an order made in accordance with the provi-

11 &, 12 sions of section sixteen of the Railways Act,

Geo. 5. c. 55. 1921;

(b) no authorised undertaker from whom any railway company derives a supply of electricity for the purposes of haulage or traction shall

be required by the Board to alter the frequency of such supply delivered by them to

a railway company unless and until an order

as aforesaid has been previously made in

respect of the railway company concerned.

(6) Where a scheme under section four of this Act

has come into force as respects any area, the powers

of the Electricity Commissioners under section twenty -

four of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, so far as they

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

405

relate to the amendment or alteration of frequency, shall not be exercisable within that area.

10.—(1) As soon as the Board, as respects any area

or part of an area, notify that they are in a position to

supply electricity, the Board shall, subject to the provisions of this Act, be under an obligation to supply either directly or indirectly to any authorised undertakers in that area or part thereof demanding such a

supply such an amount of electricity as they require for their undertaking at a price ascertained in accordance with the provisions of this Act:

Provided that, subject to the provisions of this Act

relating to the rights of owners of selected stations, the

Board shall not—

(a) supply electricity directly to authorised undertakers situated in the area of supply of a

power company without the consent of the power company unless the undertakers have

an absolute right of veto on any right of the power company to supply electricity within the area of supply of those undertakers or

any part thereof, or unless the power company are unable or unwilling to supply electricity to

such authorised undertakers on reasonable terms and conditions, to be determined in case of dispute by the Electricity Commissioners;

(b) without the consent of the joint electricity authority, supply electricity directly to any authorised undertakers in the district of a joint electricity authority which the joint electricity authority are authorised to supply;

(c) supply electricity directly to any authorised undertakers in the Edinburgh and Lothians electricity district without the consent of the corporation of Edinburgh.

(2) Where any authorised undertakers have demanded such a supply from the Board, and it appears to

the Board that the outlay incurred in providing the main transmission lines required for the supply would,

having regard to the supply required, entail unreasonable expense on the Board, they may represent the case to

the Electricity Commissioners, and the Commissioners may, if it seems to them to be just, authorise the Board

Obligation

of Board to

supply electricity

to authorised undertakers.

406

Ch. 51.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

to impose such terms and conditions as the Commissioners think fit, on the giving of the supply.

(3) Where any authorised undertakers owning a

generating station, not being a selected station, demand

a supply of electricity from the Board, then, whether

or not those undertakers are also the owners of a selected station, the Board may make it a condition of furnishing such a supply that the undertakers shall take the whole quantity of electricity required for their undertaking, directly or indirectly, from the Board, and where any such authorised undertakers demand a supply from any other undertakers who themselves receive a supply from the Board, the last-mentioned undertakers shall,

if the Board so require, impose the like condition (which condition those undertakers are, if so required, authorised

to impose notwithstanding anything in the special Act

or order relating to the undertaking):

Provided that—

(a) The Board shall not impose or require the imposition of such a condition unless satisfied that the cost per unit to the undertakers

of taking the whole of their supply directly

or indirectly from the Board (including any expenditure necessarily incurred by the undertakers in the provision of any plant or

apparatus to enable them to use the supply)

will for a period of not less than seven years

be less than the cost per unit at which electricity is then being produced at the generating station of the undertakers, and in

determining such cost of production no

account shall be taken of capital charges in

respect of capital expended on the station;

and

(b) where the authorised undertakers feel aggrieved

by the imposition of such a condition as

aforesaid, they may appeal to the Electricity

Commissioners, who, if and so far as the ground of appeal is that the cost of taking the supply from the Board will not be less than the cost at which electricity is being produced by the undertakers, shall, if so

requested by the undertakers, refer that question to the arbitration of a barrister (or

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

407

in Scotland an advocate) appointed by the Minister of Transport from the appropriate panel set up under section four of this Act,

and the arbitrator may, if he thinks it expedient to do so, call in the aid of one or

more qualified assessors and hear the case wholly or partially with the assistance of such assessors; and

(c) where the Board imposes or requires the imposition of such a condition, the Board shall take over the obligations of any such authorised undertakers to receive supplies of electricity in bulk:

Provided that the Board shall not be obliged

to take over any such obligation arising under

a contract made after the passing of this Act

unless the contract has been approved by the

Electricity Commissioners.

(4) The Board may, before the carrying out of the works specified in a scheme in any area is completed,

if they think fit, enter into arrangements with any authorised undertakers in the area (being undertakers to

whom the Board on the completion of the scheme would

be entitled to give a direct supply) for giving those undertakers, pending the completion of the works, a

supply of electricity of such amount and upon such terms as may be agreed between them.

11.— (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act as Tariff for

to the sale of electricity to the owners of selected stations, electricity the price to be charged by the Board for electricity supplied supplied directly by them to authorised undertakers Board^to

shall be in accordance with such tariff as may be fixed authorised

by the Board from time to time, and the tariff shall be under-

fixed so that over a term of years to be approved by the takers.

Electricity Commissioners the receipts on income account shall be sufficient to cover the expenditure on income account, including interest and sinking fund charges, with such margin as the Electricity Commissioners may allow.

(2) The tariff shall be so framed as to include as

part of the charge and show separately—

(a) a fixed kilowatt charges component;

(b) a running charges component;

408

Ch. 51.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

and for this purpose the fixed kilowatt charges component and the running charges component shall be

ascertained in accordance with such principles as may be

approved by the Electricity Commissioners; or the tariff may be framed in such other manner as may be determined by an order of the Electricity Commissioners, but such an order shall not come into force until it has been laid before each House of Parliament for a period of not less than thirty days on which that House has sat, and

if either House of Parliament before the expiration of that period presents an Address to His Majesty no further proceedings shall be taken thereon.

(3) The tariff fixed under this section may, if the

Board think fit, be different for different areas.

12. Where any authorised undertakers take a

supply of electricity directly or indirectly from the

Board, the price charged by them for the supply of electricity in bulk to any other authorised undertakers,

or for a supply for haulage or traction purposes to a

railway company, shall, notwithstanding anything in the special Act or Order relating to their undertaking, be

on the same terms as those on which the undertakers receive the supply directly or indirectly from the Board,

together with such charges and allowances in respect of any transmission line or part thereof used by the undertakers giving the supply in bulk for the purpose of that supply as are mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act; and if any question arises as to the amount of the price to be so charged, it shall be determined by the

Electricity Commissioners:

Provided that this section shall not affect the price charged for any supply of electricity given in pursuance

of a contract made before the passing of this Act.

Limitation 13. Where any authorised undertakers, being the

on price to owners of an existing generating station which by virtue

be charged Q f ^his Act becomes a selected station, who take a supply selected ° of electricity from the Board prove to the satisfaction of stations. the Electricity Commissioners that the cost of taking that supply from the Board on the terms provided by

this Act in any year exceeds the cost which they would have incurred had this Act not been passed in themselves generating the like quantity of electricity, then the charges by the Board to those undertakers for the

Price of indirect supply in

bulk.

1926. Electricity (Supply) Ch. 51. 409

Act, 1926.

supplies of electricity furnished to them shall be so

adjusted that the amount charged in that year does not exceed the cost which, in the opinion of the Electricity Commissioners, the undertakers would have incurred

in themselves generating the electricity.

14.— (1) Where the Board notify to any authorised Power to

undertakers owning a generating station, not being a closo selected station, that the Board are in a position to

supply directly or indirectly to those undertakers such ce t:ljn quantity of electricity as the undertakers would require events,

for the purposes of their undertaking if the station were closed, and undertake to give such a supply for a period

of not less than seven years on specified terms ascertained

in accordance with the provisions of this Act, and are satisfied that the cost of the supply on those terms is

below the then prevailing cost to those undertakers of generating electricity at the station, and those undertakers refuse, or within three months after such notification fail to agree, to take such supply directly or

indirectly from the Board, then, if the Electricity Commissioners are satisfied as respects the next subsequent year that the cost of production of electricity generated

by those undertakers at the station substantially exceeded the cost they would have incurred had they purchased the like quantity of electricity directly or indirectly from the Board on the specified terms ascertained as aforesaid,

the Electricity Commissioners may, if in their opinion

it is expedient that the station should cease to be used as

a generating station, by order require the authorised undertakers within such time as the Electricity Commissioners may allow (not being less than six months from the date of the order) to take a supply of electricity

in bulk from the Board and shut down the generating station as such.

(2) If any question arises under this section as to

whether the cost of production of electricity generated

by any undertakers substantially exceeded the cost they would have incurred had they purchased the like quantity

of electricity directly or indirectly from the Board on the specified terms, the question shall, if those undertakers

so require, be referred to the arbitration of a barrister

(or in Scotland an advocate) appointed by the Minister

of Transport from the appropriate panel set up under section four of this Act, and the arbitrator may, in any

410

Ch. 51.

Compensation for deprivation

of employment.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 46.

Powers of authorised undertakers.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

case in which he thinks it expedient to do so, call in the aid of one or more qualified assessors and hear the case wholly or partially with the assistance of such assessors.

(3) In calculating for the purposes of this section the cost of production of electricity generated by the authorised undertakers, no account shall be taken of capital charges in respect of capital expended on the generating station.

(4) For the pin-poses of this section, any authorised undertakers owning a generating station not being a

selected station shall on being so required by the

Electricity Commissioners furnish them with a statement showing the cost of production of electricity at that station for such period and certified in such manner as

the Commissioners may direct.

15. Section sixteen of the Electricity (Supply) Act,

1919, as amended by section twenty-one of the Electricity (Supply) Act^ 1922, shall, with the necessary adaptations, apply to any officer or servant of any authorised undertakers affected by the closing (permanent or

temporary) or restrictions imposed by the Board or by

or under a scheme on the working or use of, or the acquisition of, a generating station, or by the acquisition

of a main transmission line or any part thereof, under or in

consequence of this Act, and for that purpose that section

as so amended shall have effect as set out and adapted in

the Fourth Schedule to this Act.

16. — (1) Where under this Act the Board is authorised or required to enter into arrangements with authorised undertakers for any purpose, then, notwithstanding anything in any Special Act or Order, or any other instrument regulating the constitution or powers

of the undertakers, it shall be lawful for the authorised undertakers, whether a joint electricity authority a

local authority or a company, to enter into and carry out any such arrangements.

(2) The carrying out of any such arrangements shall be a purpose for which authorised undertakers,

being a local authority or a joint electricity authority may borrow under the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882

to 1922.

(3) Where the carrying out of any such arrangement by authorised undertakers, being a company.

192(3.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

411

involves capital expenditure, and owing to limitations

on the powers of the company to raise capital the company cannot raise the necessary capital without the authority of an Act of Parliament, the company may submit to the High Court (or in Scotland the Court of Session), a scheme providing for increasing all or any

of the existing classes of loan or share capital of the company, or creating new classes of loan or share capital, with such rights, priorities and conditions as may

be specified in the scheme; and if the scheme is

approved by the Court, then, notwithstanding anything

in any special Act affecting the company or the holders

of any class of loan or share capital in the company,

the additional capital of each class shall form part and rank pari passu with the existing capital of that class,

and any new class of capital may with the consent of the majority in value of the holders of any class of security affected rank before any existing class of capital.

17. — (1) Where a generating station acquired under this Act by any authorised undertakers, company, or

person, or by the Board, or a main transmission line acquired under this Act by the Board, is in course of construction, extension, or repair, the rights and liabilities of the former owners thereof under any contract for such construction, extension, or repair, shall be

transferred to the body so acquiring the generating station or main transmission line (in this Act referred

to as " the acquiring authority ").

(2) Where any generating station acquired by an

acquiring authority under this Act contains any plant which forms an essential part of the distribution system of the former owners of the generating station, that plant shall, notwithstanding such acquisition, remain the property of such former owners who shall, so long as

electricity is supplied for distribution from that station,

at all times have the right of access thereto.

18. —(1) Where the carrying out of any part of a

scheme, or any arrangement or requirement in connection therewith, would involve any operation for which any consent or approval of the Minister of Transport or the

Electricity Commissioners would be necessary under the

Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922, nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Act shall relieve the Board

Provisions consequent

on acquisition by the

Board of generating station or

main transmission line.

Saving for necessity of obtaining certain consents.

412

Ch. 51.

Special provisions

as to

London.

Application

of Electricity Supply

Acts to

Board.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 19.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 56.

Electricity [Supply) 18 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

or any authorised undertakers or other persons concerned from the necessity of obtaining such consent or

approval.

(2) Where an application is made by any authorised undertakers to the Minister of Transport or the

Electricity Commissioners for their consent or approval under the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922, in any case where such consent or approval is by those Acts required, the Minister or Commissioners, in determining whether to give or withhold the consent or approval,

shall have regard to the provisions of this Act and the effect of any scheme or proposed scheme thereunder.

19. Where any obligation to carry out any technical scheme imposed on a joint electricity authority, local authority, company or body by or under the

London and Home Counties Electricity District Order,

1925, or the London Electricity (No. 1) Act, 1925, or

the London Electricity (No. 2) Act, 1925, conflicts with any obligation arising out of a scheme Under section four

of this Act which is imposed by or under this Act on any such authority, company or body, the last mentioned obligation shall prevail.

Subsidiary Provisions as to the Board.

20. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

the Board shall be deemed to be undertakers and authorised undertakers within the meaning of the Electricity

(Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922, and this Act in relation

to the Board shall be deemed to be a special Act for the purposes of those Acts, and for the purposes of this section there shall be incorporated with this Act the provisions of the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses)

Act, 1899, subject to such exceptions and modifications

as may be prescribed by regulations made by the

Electricity Commissioners:

Provided that section thirteen of the Electric Lighting Act, 1882 (which relates to the breaking up of private streets, railways and tramways), and sections two and three of the Electric Lighting Act, 1888 (which relate

to the purchase of undertakings by local authorities),

shall not apply to the undertaking of the Board, and that section twenty of the Schedule to the Electric

Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, in its application to the

Board, shall have effect as if after the words "electric

192(5.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

413

signalling communication" wherever they occur, there were inserted the words "or electrical control of railways."

(2) Before any such regulations come into force they shall he laid before each House of Parliament for a

period of not less than thirty days on which that House has sat, and if either House of Parliament, before the expiration of that period, presents an address to His

Majesty no further proceedings shall be taken thereon.

(3) The Board shall not supply electricity directly

to persons not being authorised undertakers, except that—

(a) they may supply the owners of selected stations,

not being authorised undertakers, to the extent

to which those owners are entitled to demand a

supply under this Act;

(b) with the consent of the Electricity Commissioners, they may supply electricity to any company, body, or person requiring a supply for power purposes in any area not forming part of the area of supply of any authorised undertakers, but where electricity is supplied

by the Board to a company, body or person requiring a supply for power purposes it may

be used by that company, body or person for lighting any premises in any part of which the power is utilised.

21.—(1) The Board may acquire land or any ease- Acquisition ments or servitudes or other rights in or over land by ol land by

agreement, or may be authorised to acquire land or any the Board -

such right compulsorily, for the purpose of any of their powers and duties under this Act (including the construction of main transmission lines) in like manner as a

local authority being authorised undertakers may acquire

or be authorised to acquire land under the Electricity

(Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922, for the purpose of a

generating station, and those Acts and the Aots incorporated therewith shall apply accordingly; and the

Board shall be deemed to be a public authority for the purposes of the Acquisition of Land (Assessment of 9 & 10

Compensation) Act, 1919:Geo - 5 - c - 57 *

Provided that the Electricity Commissioners shall not make and the Minister of Transport shall not confirm any special order authorising the Board to acquire land

414

Ch. 51.

Power of Board to

use main transmission lines

by agreement.

Power of Board to

purchase surplus electricity.

Protection

of Government observatories, &c.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

or a right in or over land compulsorily for the purposes

of a main transmission line unless satisfied that the objects sought to he attained cannot consistently with efficiency and economy be attained by the acquisition of a wayleave in accordance with the provisions of section twenty-two of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919.

(2) Nothing in this section shall authorise the compulsory acquisition by the Board of land held by

the owners or lessees of any railway, canal, inland navigation, dock, or harbour for the purposes of their undertaking, or enable the Board to acquire compulsorily any easement, servitude, or other right in or over such land otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of section twenty-two of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919,

and section eleven of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1922.

22. The Board may, by agreement with any authorised undertakers or other persons, use, subject in the case of authorised undertakers to the Acts and Orders relating to the undertaking, any main transmission lines

of those undertakers or persons for such time and upon such terms as may be agreed.

23. —(1)The Board and any local authority company

or person producing electricity by means of the utilisation of water power, waste heat, or otherwise, may enter into arrangements for the purchase by the Board of any surplus electricity which the local authority company or

person may be able to dispose of on such terms as may be

agreed, and the Board may be authorised by order of the Electricity Commissioners to exercise such powers

(including the power to break up roads, railways, and tramways) as may be necessary for the purpose of conveying the electricity so purchased.

(2) The provisions of subsection (2) of section fifteen of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, shall apply

to the Board in like manner as they apply to a joint electricity authority.

24. — (1) The Board shall not provide, construct,

equip, or alter or use any generating station, sub-station,

transformer station, building, plant, machinery, electric main, appliance work or apparatus, or use or permit to

be used, transmit, convert, or transform any electrical energy either under this Act or otherwise in such a

manner as to affect injuriously in any respect whatever

19213.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

415

either by vibration or obstruction or smoke or by electric

or electro-magnetic action or influence, or by any means whatsoever whether similar to those enumerated or not any Government observatory or laboratory existing at

the passing of this Act or any instrument or apparatus

in or adjacent thereto, and used in or in connection therewith.

(2) Section twenty-six of the Electric Lighting

Act, 1882, and any enactments incorporated by that section, as amended by section twenty-five of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919 (which contain provisions for the protection of the Postmaster-General) shall, in their application to the Board, have effect as if references therein to the Postmaster-General included references to

any other Government Department.

25. — (1) The Board shall annually, at such date and in such form as the Minister of Transport may prescribe, make to him a report of their proceedings under this Act during the preceding year, and such report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

(2) The Board shall furnish to the Electricity Commissioners at such times and in such form and manner

as the Commissioners may direct such statistics and returns as they may require.

Financial Provisions.

26. All sums received by the Board shall be paid into a separate fund, and out of that fund the salaries,

fees and allowances of the members of the Board and the salaries, remuneration, pensions and gratuities of the secretary officers and servants of the Board, and all expenses incurred by, the Board, shall be paid, including repayment to the Electricity Commissioners of any expenses incurred by those Commissioners in the preparation of any schemes under this Act, and payment to the Minister of Transport of any expenses and liabilities incurred by him before the commencement of tins Act

preliminary to the preparation of such schemes, together with interest in either case at the rate of five per cent,

per annum.

27. — (1) For the purposes hereinafter mentioned the

Board may with the consent of the Electricity Commissioners and subject to regulations to be made by the

Annual report,

statistics and returns.

Expenses of the Board.

Power of Board to

borrow.

410 Ch. 51. Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Minister of Transport with the approval of the Treasury,

borrow money, in such manner and subject to such provisions as to the repayment thereof, and with such powers as to re-borrowing for the purpose of paying off

a loan previously raised, as may be prescribed by the regulations, and the regulations may empower the Board

to borrow temporarily by the issue of bonds or otherwise and to make arrangements with bankers, and may apply with or without modifications any enactments relating to borrowing by local authorities, including provisions as to the enforcement of the security by the appointment of a receiver or otherwise.

(2) Such powers of borrowing as aforesaid may be

exercised for all or any of the following purposes :—

(a) the construction or acquisition of such main transmission lines, generating stations, and other

w r orks as the Board are authorised by this Act

to construct or acquire;

(b) any other payment or any permanent work or

other thing which the Board are authorised to

execute or do, the cost of which ought, in the opinion of the Electricity Commissioners, to be

spread over a term of years (including the payment of interest on money borrowed for capital expenditure for such period as may be determined by the Electricity Commissioners after consultation with the Treasury to be the period during which the expenditure remains unre-

munerative);

(c) the provision of working capital;

(d) any other purpose for which the Board are under this Act authorised to borrow.

(3) Any money borrowed unde 1’this section, and the interest thereon, may be charged on the undertaking and all the revenues of the Board, or on any specific property forming part of that undertaking, and shall

be repaid within such period not exceeding sixty years

as the Electricity Commissioners may determine.

(4) The maximum amount which may be borrowed

by the Board under this section shall be thirty-three and a half million pounds, and the Board shall not have power to borrow any sums in excess of that amount,

otherwise than for the purpose of paying off loans previously raised, unless authorised to do so by a special

Ch. 51.

417

1926. Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

order under section twenty-six of the Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1919.

(5) It shall be lawful for any annual provision required to be made by the Board for the repayment of money borrowed for any of the purposes of this Act, to

be suspended whilst the expenditure out of such moneys remains unremunerative, for such period and subject to

such conditions as the Electricity Commissioners after consultation with the Treasury may determine:

Provided that such suspension shall not be for a

longer period than five years from the commencement

of the financial year next after that in which such expenditure is incurred.

28. —(1) The Board may, for the purpose of raising money which they are authorised to borrow under this Act, issue stock (to be called Central Electricity Stock).

(2) All such stock, and interest thereon, shall be

charged on the undertaking, and on all the revenues of the Board.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Act, any stock created by the Board under the powers of this Act shall

be issued, transferred, dealt with, and redeemed, according

to regulations made by the Minister of Transport with the approval of the Treasury, and any such regulations may apply for the purpose of this section, with or without modifications, any provisions of the Local Loans Act,

1875, the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890,

and the Acts amending those Acts, and of any Act

relating to stock issued by any local authority.

29. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

the Treasury may guarantee in such manner as they think fit, the payment of the interest and principal of any loan proposed to be raised by the Board, or of either the interest or the principal:

Provided that the aggregate amount of the loans,

the principal or interest of which may be so guaranteed,

shall not exceed thirty-three and a half million pounds.

(2) Such sums as may from time to time be required

by the Treasury for fulfilling any guarantees given under this section shall be charged on and issued out of the

Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing produce thereof.

Power to

authorise issue of stock.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 83.

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 59.

Power to

Treasury to

guarantee loans to

Board.

Dd

418

Accounts and auditg

Charges for electricity supplied by

power companies.

Ch. 51. Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(3) The repayment to the Treasury of any sums so

issued out of the Consolidated Fund, together with interest thereon at such rate as the Treasury may fix,

shall be a charge on the undertaking and all the revenues

of the Board next after the principal and interest of the guaranteed loan, and any sinking fund payments for the repayment of the principal thereof, and in priority to

any other charges not existing at the date on which the loan is raised.

(4) All sums paid from time to time in or towards the repayment of any sum issued out of the Consolidated

Fund under this section shall be paid into the Exchequer.

(5) The Treasury shall so long as any such guarantees are in force, lay before both Houses of Parliament

in every year within one month after the thirty-first day

of March a statement of the guarantees (if any) given during the year ended on that date, and an account up to

that date of the total sums (if any) which have been either issued out of the Consolidated Fund under this section

or paid in or towards repayment of any money so issued.

30. —(1) The Board shall cause proper books of account and other books in relation thereto to be kept,

and shall prepare an annual statement of accounts in

such form and containing such particulars as may be

prescribed by the Minister of Transport.

(2) The accounts of the Board and their officers shall be audited by auditors appointed by the Minister

of Transport, and the audit shall be conducted in

accordance with such regulations as may be prescribed

by the Minister of Transport.

(3) As soon as the accounts of the Board have been audited the Board shall send a copy thereof to the Minister of Transport together with a copy of any report

of the auditor thereon, and shall publish the accounts

in such manner as the Minister of Transport may direct,

and shall place copies thereof on sale at a price not exceeding one shilling a copy.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

31. —(1) On a power company commencing to

receive a supply of electricity from the Board, the Minister of Transport may revise the maximum prices authorised under the special Act of the company to be

charged by the company for supplies, other than

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

419

supplies in bulk to authorised undertakers, and may revise the standard prices fixed by such Act and on

such revision in determining the maximum and standard prices regard shall be had to any change in the cost of electricity to the company attributable to this Act.

(2) Where a special Act passed before the passing of this Act authorises such a power company to make good any deficiency in any previous dividends which have fallen below the prescribed standard rate of dividends, the Electricity Commissioners may, after such inquiry as they think fit, by special order made under section twenty-six

of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, make provision for the repeal or limitation of any such authorisation, and where such an order is made the special Act shall have effect subject to the provisions of the order.

32.—(1) Where any company, being authorised undertakers and not being a power company, receive a

supply of electricity either directly or indirectly from the

Board, the Electricity Commissioners may, if, having regard to any change in the cost of electricity to the company attributable to this Act, they think it expedient, by a special order under section twenty-six of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, make provision as

to the relation between the charges to be made for electricity and the dividends to be paid by the company, and the order shall have effect as if the provisions contained therein were in substitution for the provisions

(if any) contained in the Act or order relating to the undertaking of the company as to the relation of charges to dividend:

Provided that where any such company carries on

two or more separate undertakings one or more of which receive a supply from the Board, any such order shall regulate the charges to be made for electricity

in the case of the undertaking or each of the several undertakings receiving such a supply in relation to the divisible profits on the capital attributable to that undertaking.

(2) The provisions of this section shall not apply

to any company which is a London company within the meaning of the London and Home Counties Electricity District Order, 1925, or to any company which

Relation of charges to

dividends.

420

Ch. 51.

Adoption of Local Government and Other

Officers ’

Superannuation

Act, 1922.

12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 59.

Power to lop trees and hedges obstructing electric lines.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

may be formed under the agreement set out in the

Fourth Schedule to the London Electricity (No. 1) Act,

1925, or to any company formed for the purpose of such an amalgamation of undertakings as is provided for by section eight of the London Electricity (No. 2)

Act, 1925.

33. The Board and any Joint Electricity Authority respectively may (without prejudice in the case of any such authority to the provisions contained in subsection two of section eight of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919)

if they think fit, adopt the provisions of the Local Government and Other Officers’ Superannuation Act, 1922, in

the same manner as if the Board or such Joint Electricity

Authority, as the case may be, were a local authority within the meaning of the said Act of 1922, and upon that Act being so adopted by the Board or a joint electricity authority the Act shall apply as if the Board or

the authority, as the case may be, were such a local authority as aforesaid.

34. —(1) Where any tree or hedge obstructs or

interferes with the construction, maintenance, or working

of any main transmission line or other electric line which

is being constructed or is owned by any authorised undertakers, or will interfere with the maintenance or working

of such a line, the authorised undertakers may give notice to the owner or occupier of the land on which the tree or hedge is growing requiring him to lop or cut it

so as to prevent the obstruction or interference, subject

to the payment to him by the authorised undertakers

of the expenses reasonably incurred by him in complying with the notice:

Provided that, in any case Vhere such a notice is

served upon a person who, although the occupier of the land on which the tree or hedge is growing, is not the owner thereof, a copy of the notice shall also be served upon the owner thereof, if known.

(2) If within twenty-one days from the giving of such notice the requirements of the notice are not complied with, and neither the owner nor occupier of the land gives such a counter notice as is hereinafter mentioned,

the authorised undertakers may cause the tree or hedge

to be lopped or cut so as to prevent such obstruction

or interference as aforesaid.

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

421

(3) If, within twenty-one days from the giving of such notice, the owner or occupier of the land on which the tree

or hedge is growing gives a counter notice to the authorised undertakers objecting to the requirements of the notice,

the matter shall, unless the counter notice is withdrawn,

be referred to the Minister of Transport, who, after giving the parties an opportunity of being heard, may make such order as he thinks just, and any such order may empower the authorised undertakers (after giving such reasonable previous notice to any person by whom such counter notice was given of the commencement of the work as

the order may direct) to cause the tree or hedge to be

lopped or cut so as to prevent such obstruction or interference as aforesaid, and may determine any question

as to what compensation (if any) and expenses are to be

paid.

(4) The authorised undertakers shall issue instructions to their officers and servants with a view to securing that trees and hedges shall be lopped or cut in a woodmanlike manner and so as to do as little damage as may be

to trees, fences, hedges, and growing crops, and shall cause the boughs lopped to be removed in accordance with the directions of the owner or occupier, and shall make good any damage done to the land.

(5) Any compensation or expenses payable to the owner or occupier by the authorised undertakers under this section shall be recoverable summarily as a civil debt.

(6) Where for the purpose of the construction or

maintenance of a transmission line it is necessary to fell any trees, this section shall apply to the felling of trees

in like manner as it applies to the lopping of trees.

(7) This section shall apply to main transmission lines owned or to be constructed by the Board in like manner as it applies to lines owned or to be constructed

by authorised undertakers.

35.—(1) Unless and except so far as may be otherwise Protection agreed between any county council (in this section of county referred to as " the county council ") and the Board, the tndgee.

following provisions shall have effect (that is to say)—

(a) Nothing in this Act shall in any way limit or

affect the powers of the county council to rebuild,

422

Ch. 51.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

alter, widen or repair the structure of any bridge upon which any work by this Act authorised shall be constructed, or impose upon the county council any liability which was not by

law imposed upon them prior to the commencement of this Act;

(b) If at any time the county council require to carry out works for rebuilding, altering, widening or

repairing any bridge which might involve interference with any portion of the undertaking by

this Act authorised they shall prior to the commencement of such works give the Board one month’s notice in writing of their intention to

carry out such works and if in order to avoid interruption to the supply by the Board of electrical energy, it is in the opinion of the county council necessary temporarily to remove the mains and other electrical appliances belonging to the Board from such bridge, then the Board shall (and they are hereby authorised

so to do) at their own expense temporarily carry their cables and wires across such bridge overhead or at the side thereon in such a manner as

will not be a danger or inconvenience to the public, or unreasonably interfere with the works

to be carried out by the county council;

(c) When the rebuilding, altering, widening or

repairing of such bridge shall have been completed the Board shall have the same rights and powers with, regard to such bridge and its approaches as they had before the works were carried out;

t.

(d) If any dispute arises between the county council and the Board with regard to this section the same shall be determined by an arbitrator to

be appointed on the application of either party

by the Minister of Transport.

(2) In the application of this section to Scotland,

the county council shall mean the county road board, or

if the bridge is not wholly situated within one county,

the joint bridge committee if such committee has been appointed.

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

423

Amendments of the Electricity Supply Acts.

36 . For section five of the Electricity (Supply) Act,

1919, as amended by section nineteen of the Electricity

(Supply) Act, 1922, the following section shall be

substituted :—

"(1) Where it appears to the Electricity

Commissioners that with respect to any areas the existing organisation for the supply of electricity therein should be improved, and that a joint electricity authority should be established therefor, the Commissioners shall give notice of their intention to constitute those areas a separate electricity district, and to formulate a scheme for effecting such improvement in the district, and for the establishment of a joint electricity authority for the district:

Provided that, in considering what areas are

to be included in a district, areas shall be grouped

in such manner as may seem to the Commissioners most conducive to the efficiency and economy of the supply of electricity and the convenience of administration.

(2) After such a notice has been published,

the Electricity Commissioners, after consultation with the authorised undertakers in the proposed district, shall formulate such a scheme as aforesaid, and publish the scheme in such manner as

they think best adapted for insuring its publicity,

and hold a local inquiry thereon, and shall give

to authorised undertakers, county councils, local authorities, railway companies using or proposing

to use electricity for traction purposes, large consumers of electricity, and other associations or

bodies within the proposed district which appear

to the Commissioners to be interested, an opportunity of making representations to the Commissioners on the proposed scheme, and with respect

to the inclusion in or exclusion from the proposed district of any area."

37 . A scheme constituting a joint electricity authority may, in addition to the matters for which provision

Schemes for constitution

of electricity districts,

and the organisation

of supply therein.

Contents of schemes.

424

Ch. 51.

Amendment

of schemes.

Provisions

as to com.

panies with large area

of supply.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

may be made under section six of the Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1919, contain provisions—

(a) for the carrying out by the joint electricity authority of any works for the development of the supply of electricity within the district; and

(b) for the subsequent alteration of the constitution

of the joint electricity authority.

38. —(1) The power under section seven of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, to make orders altering previous orders shall include power by such subsequent order to

constitute a joint electricity authority in any case where the original order did not provide for the constitution of such an authority.

(2) Where any such amending order constitutes a

joint electricity authority in lieu of an advisory committee or other body constituted under the original order, the amending order shall provide for the application to officers and servants of the advisory committee

or other body of the provisions of section sixteen of the

Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, as amended by section twenty-one of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1922, subject

to the necessary modifications.

39. —(1) Where after the commencement of this Act

a special order is made authorising a company to supply electricity, and the area of supply consists of or includes the whole of the districts of two or more local authorities and is, in the opinion of the Electricity Commissioners,

adequate in extent, the following provisions shall have effect with respect to the right of purchasing their undertaking:—

(a) The purchasing authority may within six months after the expiration of a period of fifty years from the date of the confirmation

of the special order, or such shorter period as

may be specified in that behalf in the special order, and within six months after the expiration of every subsequent period of ten years,

or such shorter period as may be specified in

that behalf in the special order, by notice in

writing, require the company to sell, and thereupon the company shall sell to them their

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

425

undertaking upon the terms of the payment

to those undertakers of a sum equal to the capital properly expended for the provision

of the land, buildings, works, material, and plant of the undertakers in use or available and suitable for use at the time of the purchase for the purposes of their undertaking, less depreciation according to such scale as may be

determined by special order:

(b) The Minister of Transport shall determine any questions which may arise in relation to such purchase and may fix the date from which the purchase is to take effect, and as from the date

so fixed, or such other date as may be agreed,

all lands, buildings, works, material and plant

so purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the purchasing authority, freed from the debts,

mortgages, or similar obligations of the undertakers or attached to the undertaking, and the powers of the undertakers in relation to the supply of electricity under the Electricity

(Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1926, or such special order as aforesaid, shall absolutely cease and determine, and shall vest in the purchasing authority:

(c) The purchasing authority—

(i) where the area of supply is situate wholly or mainly within the district of a

joint electricity authority, shall be the joint electricity authority:Provided that, if the area of supply is situate partly within the district of one joint electricity authority and partly in that of another, the right of purchase shall be exerciseable by such one

of those authorities, or shall be divisible between them as the Electricity Commissioners may determine;

(ii) in any other case, shall be the local authorities for the districts in which any part of the area of supply is situate, acting through a joint committee or joint board

426

9 Edw. 7.

c. 34.

Terms of purchase of a company taking a

bulk supply.

Power to

alter terms

of purchase

by agreement.

Ch. 51. Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

constituted under section eight of the

Electric Lighting Act, 1909.

(d) Sections two and three of the Electric Lighting

Act, 1888, shall not apply.

(2) The special order in any case to which subsection (1) of this section applies may make provision

as to the relation between the price charged for electricity and the divisible profits on the capital attributable to the undertaking authorised by the special order.

40 . Where a company, being authorised undertakers,

have ceased to generate electricity themselves, and in lieu thereof are taking a supply of electricity in bulk directly

or indirectly from the Board, or, with the approval of the Electricity Commissioners, from any other source,

and the undertaking of the company is purchased by

a local authority under section two of the Electric

Lighting Act, 1888, or under any local Act or Order on

terms based on the same principle as those contained in

the said section two, the following provisions shall have effect notwithstanding anything contained in that Act:

(1) In addition to the sum payable to the company

by the local authority in respect of plant and other assets under the said Act of 1888,

or under the said Act as varied by any order,

or under any such local Act or Order as aforesaid,

there shall be paid a sum representing the capital properly expended upon plant and other assets rendered unsuitable for use by reason of the taking of such bulk supply as aforesaid, after deducting such amount as the company, in

the opinion of the Electricity Commissioners,

ought properly to have Written off in respect

of such assets:

(2) Any question arising under this provision shall

be determined by the Electricity Commissioners,

whose decision shall be final.

41 . Where under the Electricity (Supply) Acts,

1882 to 1922, or under any order made thereunder, or

under any deed of transfer executed in pursuance of powers conferred by any such order, or under any special or local Act, any right to purchase the whole

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

427

or any part of the undertaking of any authorised undertakers is vested in a local authority (including a

joint electricity authority) the authorised undertakers may at any time within ten years before the date of purchase next occurring after the passing of this Act, or

within ten years of any subsequent date of purchase enter into a contract with the local authority to amend,

vary or alter the terms of purchase on the next occurring date upon which they may purchase upon conditions

to be agreed between the parties with the approval of the Electricity Commissioners, and the terms of such

‘agreement shall be binding upon the parties.

42 . — (1)The charge made by authorised undertakers

to any ordinary consumer, may, if duly authorised, and notwithstanding anything in any Act or Order to the contrary, consist of a periodical fixed or service charge and in addition a charge for the actual quantity of energy supplied to the consumer or for the electrical quantity contained in the supply.

Where the undertakers have power to provide meters, electric lines, fittings, apparatus and apphances,

the periodical fixed or service charge may include a

rent, charge or remuneration in respect of any meter and any electric lines, fittings, apparatus and appliances provided by the undertakers in or upon the premises of the consumer whether let on hire or hire purchase terms

to the consumer or otherwise.

(2) A method of charge as aforesaid may be authorised by Special Order or by an approval under the provisions of section thirty-one of the Schedule to the

Electric Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899, or corresponding provision contained in any Act or Order, and such

Special Order or approval may provide, where expedient, for an option to ordinary consumers to be charged

by an authorised alternative method.

43 . — (1)The Schedule to the Electric Lighting

(Clauses) Act, 1899, as incorporated with any special Act

or Order passed or confirmed whether before or after the commencement of this Act, shall have effect subject to

the amendments specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act.

Methods of charge.

Amendment

of Schedule

to 62 & 63

Vict. c. 19.

428

Ch. 51.

Amendment of s. 21 of the

Electricity

(Supply)

Act, 1919.

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 20.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. 32.

Power to

recover charge for reconnection.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(2) Any special Act or Order relating to the supply

of electricity passed or confirmed before the commencement of this Act which does not incorporate the provisions of the Schedule to the Electric Lighting

(Clauses) Act, 1899, which are amended by the Fifth

Schedule to this Act, but contains corresponding provisions, shall have effect as if the like amendments were made in those corresponding provisions.

44 . —(1) Where applications made by any authorised undertakers for consent to the placing of any electric line above ground and wayleaves have not been agreed with the owners or occupiers of any land proposed to be

crossed by a line, the undertakers may serve notice in

accordance with the provisions of section twenty-two of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, of their proposal to

place the line, and the Minister of Transport may proceed concurrently under sections twenty-one and twenty-two

of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919.

(2) Where the Board or any authorised undertakers have in pursuance of powers conferred on them under section twenty-two of the Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1919, erected on any land supports for an electric line above ground, the Board or undertakers shall, for the purposes of section eight of the Mines (Working

Facilities and Support) Act, 1923, be deemed to be

persons having an interest in the land on which such supports are erected.

(3) Where an application has been made to the Minister of Transport for his consent to the placing of any electric line above ground, and representations are made that the line will prejudicially affect any ancient monument within the meaning oi; the Ancient Monuments Consolidation and Amendment Act, 1913, the Minister of Transport, in determining whether to give or

withhold his consent, or to impose conditions, shall take into consideration any recommendations made to him by

the Commissioners of Works with a view to preventing the ancient monument being prejudicially affected.

45 . Any expenses reasonably incurred by any authorised undertakers in reconnecting any electric line

or other work through which electricity may be supplied which may have been lawfully cut off or disconnected

by reason of any default of the consumer may be recovered

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

429

by the authorised undertakers in like manner as expenses lawfully incurred by them in such cutting off or disconnecting.

46 . — (1)It shall be lawful for the owners of any Supply of railway generating station to supply electricity therefrom electricity

to the owners of any other railway generating station b y railways,

upon such terms and conditions as may be respectively c ‘

agreed between them: Provided that no such supply shall

be given under the powers conferred by this section without the consent of the Electricity Commissioners.

(2) The Electricity Commissioners may, subject to the provisions of the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922,

and to the Schedule to the Electric Lighting (Clauses!

Act, 1899, by order authorise the breaking up of such roads, railways, and tramways as may be necessary for the purpose of such a supply.

(3) The provisions of the Electricity (Supply) Acts,

1882 to 1922, and of the Schedule to the Electric Lighting

(Clauses) Act, 1899, so far as they relate to the protection

of the Postmaster-General, shall apply to any works for the supply of electricity under this section and in the application of those provisions the owners giving the supply of electricity under the provisions of this section shall be deemed to be undertakers, and nothing in

this section shall affect any right or remedy of the Postmaster-General under the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1925.

47 . Where any authorised undertakers may Supply of supply and are supplying within their district or area of electricity supply electricity for haulage or traction to any company to railway

or authority being the owners or lessees of a railway, ^°P ames >

dock, harbour or canal undertaking situate partly within and partly without that district or area, such authorised undertakers may, subject to the consent of the Minister

o^Transport and to such limitations and conditions (if

any) [as he may prescribe either generally or in any particular’case, so supply electricity to be used for any purposes of such undertaking, whether within or without such [district or area of supply, and such company or

authority may, subject to the consent of the Minister of Transport and to such limitations and conditions (if any)

as he may prescribe either generally or in any particular case, use the electricity so supplied for any purposes of 430 Ch. 51. Electricity (Supply)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

their undertaking for which they are entitled to use electricity:

Provided that the Minister of Transport shall not in

any case give any such consent until notice of the application for the consent has been given by advertisement or otherwise in such manner as the Minister may direct, and an opportunity has been given to any person who appears to the Minister to be affected of making representations thereon.

Sale of 48.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section a

fittings. joint electricity authority and any local authority authorised by special Act or by Order to supply electricity may sell electric lines, fittings, apparatus, and appliances for lighting, heating, and motive power, and for all other purposes for which electricity can or may

be used (in this section called " electric fittings "), and may instal, connect, repair, maintain, and remove the same, and with respect thereto may demand and take such remuneration or rents and charges, and may make such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon.

(2) The exercise of the powers of this section shall

be subject to the following restrictions:—

(a) The joint electricity authority or local authority shall not manufacture electric fittings unless expressly authorised to do so by special Act or

Order;

(b) The joint electricity authority or local authority shall not sell electric fittings except—

(i) to a consumer or a person who intends

to be a consumer of electricity supplied by

them; or

(ii) to a contractor who requires such fittings to enable him to supply them to a

person who is, or intends to be, a consumer

of electricity supplied by the joint electricity authority or local authority;

(c) The prices charged by a joint electricity authority or a local authority for the sale of any electric fittings shall not be less than the recognised retail prices, unless the sale is to a

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

431

contractor, in which case the prices shall not

be less than the recognised trade prices, and if

any question shall arise as to what are the recognised retail or trade prices of any electric fittings, that question shall be determined

by the committee appointed as hereinafter provided;

(d) Every such joint electricity authority or local authority shall so adjust the charges to be made

by them under this section as to meet any expenditure incurred by them in the exercise

of the powers of this section (including interest upon and sinking fund charges in respect

of money borrowed for the purposes of this section);

(e) The total sums received and expended by any such joint electricity authority or local authority under this section in each year, including interest upon and sinking fund charges in

respect of money borrowed for the purposes of this section, shall be shown separately in the published accounts of the electricity undertaking of such joint electricity authority or

local authority.

(3) The Electricity Commissioners shall appoint a

committee comprising representatives of associations representing local authorities who are authorised undertakers, contractors, and persons engaged in the business

of making and persons engaged in the business of selling electric fittings, such committee to be appointed after consultation with those associations, and that committee shall determine any question which may be

raised under this section as to the recognised retail or

trade prices of any electric fittings and shall advise and assist the persons concerned as to the method of giving effect to the provisions of this section.

(4) The purposes of this section shall be deemed to

be purposes for which the joint electricity authority or

the local authority may borrow money.

(5) In this section the expression "contractor"

means a person engaged in the business of selling and installing electric fittings.

432

Ch. 51.

Special provisions as to

gas undertakers.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 44.

Minor amendments.

Interpretation?

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

49. Where the owners of a gas undertaking apply,

under the provisions of the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882

to 1922, or the Statutory Gas Companies (Electricity

Supply Powers) Act, 1925, for a Special Order, and the

Electricity Commissioners decide that they are unable

or unwilling to make the Order, the Commissioners shall refer the matter to the Minister of Transport, and thereupon the Minister, subject to compliance with the requirements of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, as to

the procedure applicable to the confirmation of Special

Orders, may, if he thinks fit, make the Order, and any

Order so made shall have effect as if it had been made

by the Electricity Commissioners and confirmed by the Minister of Transport.

50. The amendments specified in the second column

of the Sixth Schedule to this Act (which relate to

minor details) shall be made in the provisions of the

Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922, specified in the first column of that Schedule.

General.

51.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires—

The expression "generating station " has the meaning given thereto by section thirty-six of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1919, and not the meaning given thereto by section twenty-five of the

Electric Lighting Act, 1909;

The expression "transmission lifie, " when used with reference to a line which is a main transmission fine within the meaning of the Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1919, shall include all such works as are mentioned in that definition, and, when used with reference to a line 'which is not such a main transmission line, shall include any works necessary

to and used for the control of the transmission line and the transmission of electricity thereby and the buildings or such part thereof as may be

required to accommodate those works.

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

The expression "owners " in relation to a generating station includes lessees or occupiers of the station operating the station;

The expression "authorised undertakers " includes

a joint electricity authority;

The expression "local authority " shall include a

joint board or a joint committee constituted in

pursuance of section eight of the Electric Lighting

Act, 1909, or by a special Act passed for the like purpose;

The expression "absolute right of veto ’* means any unqualified right vested in an authorised undertaker in any Act or Order whereby a power company is restricted from supplying electricity

(exclusive of any right of supply for the purposes

of any railway, tramway, canal, navigation, dock

or harbour, or of any water undertaking) without the consent of such authorised undertaker in any specified area.

(2) Where electricity is supplied to any authorised undertakers by other authorised undertakers who themselves receive a supply from the Board, the first-mentioned undertakers shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed

to receive a supply indirectly from the Board, and references in this Act to an indirect supply from the

Board shall be construed accordingly.

(3) If and so far as the price for a supply of electricity

is under this Act to be the cost of production adjusted according to the load factor, the adjusted price shall be

the sum of the following items :—

(a) the number of kilowatts of maximum demand

in each month of the year of account multiplied

by the fixed kilowatt charges component;

(b) the number of units supplied to the undertakers during the year of account multiplied by the running charges component.

For the purposes of this subsection—

The number of kilowatts of maximum demand for any month shall be deemed to be twice the largest number of units of electricity supplied

to the undertakers during any consecutive thirty minutes in that month:Provided that,

if the number of kilowatts of maximum demand so ascertained shafi be less than the

Ee

434

Ch. 51.

Short title,

construction and extent.

Sections 6

and 8.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

number of kilowatts of maximum demand in

any previous month of the same year of account, payment shall be made on the higher number; and

The " fixed kilowatt charges component " and

" running charges component " shall be ascertained in accordance with the rules contained

in the Seventh Schedule to this Act.

(4) If and so far as the price for a supply of electricity

is under this Act to be adjusted according to power factor

or otherwise ascertained, such adjustment or ascertainment shall be made in accordance with regulations to be prescribed by the Electricity Commissioners in that behalf.

(5) Where for the purposes of this Act it is necessary

to calculate what the cost of taking a supply of electricity from the Board over a number of years will be, then in

making the calculation it shall be assumed that the price

of fuel and the rates of wages remain constant.

52.—(1) This Act may be cited as the Electricity

(Supply) Act, 1926, and shall be construed as one with the Electricity (Supply) Acts, 1882 to 1922, and those

Acts and this Act may be cited as the Electricity (Supply)

Acts, 1882 to 1926.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Provisions as to the Acquisition or Generating

Stations and MaIn Transmission Lines.

The price of a generating station or main transmission line shall be such sum as may be certified by an auditor appointed by

the Electricity Commissioners to have been the amount of the expenses properly incurred on and incidental to the provision

of the generating station or main transmission line, less depreciation on a scale fixed by special order:

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

435

Provided that, if the owners of the generating station or main 1 st Sen.

transmission line or the Board are dis-satisfied with the sum so cont •

certified, the matter in dispute shall, in default of agreement,

be determined by the arbitration of a barrister (or in Scotland

an advocate) appointed by the Minister of Transport from the appropriate panel set up under section four of this Act, and the arbitrator may, if he thinks it expedient to do so, call in the aid

of one or more qualified assessors and hear the case wholly or

partially with the assistance of such assessors.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Section 7.

Rules eor Determining Cost op Production oe

Electricity at Selected Stations.

The cost of production of electricity at any selected station, shall be ascertained by calculating the following costs charges and allowances in respect of the year of account:

(a) the sums expended for fuel, oil, water, and stores consumed, for salaries and wages, and any contributions for pensions superannuation and insurance of officers and servants, for repairs and maintenance, and for renewals not chargeable to capital account;

(b) sums paid as rents, rates and taxes (other than taxes

on profits) and for insurance, in respect of the station;

(c) The proper proportion of management and general establishment charges attributable to the station;

(d) any other expenses on revenue account attributable to

the station;

(e) interest (exclusive of interest payable out of capital),

on money properly expended for capital purposes

(whether defrayed out of'capital or revenue) and attributable to the generating station and the plant suitable

to and used for the purpose of generating electricity therein, and interest on working capital properly attributable to the station and the production of electricity therein.

The rate of interest for the purposes of this paragraph shall be—

(i) where the owners of a selected station are

a joint electricity authority or a local authority, the

436

Ch. 51.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

average rate payable on the money raised by the authority for the purpose;

(ii) where the owners of the station are a company,

the average rate of dividends and interest paid by

the company on their share and loan capital during the preceding year; so, however, that the rate shall in

no case be less than five nor more than six and a half per cent, per annum.

(f) an allowance for depreciation of the following amount—•

(i) where the owners of the selected station are

a joint electricity authority or a local authority an

amount equal to the sinking fund charges properly attributable to the station and the plant thereof:

Provided that where part of the expenditure was defrayed otherwise than by means of loans the allowance for depreciation shall be increased by such amount

as the Electricity Commissioners think just.

(ii) where the owners of the station are a company,

an amount determined in accordance with a scale fixed by special order:

Provided that in the case of any company which is a

London company within the meaning of the London and Home Counties Electricity District Order, 1925,

the amount of such allowance for depreciation shall not be less than the contributions for the year of account which the company is required to make to

the sinking funds under the provisions of the London

Electricity (No. 1) Act, 1925, or the London Electricity

(No. 2) Act, 1925.

Section 12.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Authorised Charges and Allowances in respect of Transmission Lines used for giving Bulk Supply

to Authorised Undertakers.

The following are the charges and allowances which may

be made in respect of a transmission line used by authorised undertakers for giving a supply in bulk to other authorised undertakers :—

(1) The actual cost of the maintenance of the transmission line including renewals thereof not chargeable to capital account:

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

437

(2) Sums paid as rents, rates and taxes (other than taxes

on profits) and for insurance in respect of the transmission line:

(3) A proper proportion of management and general establishment charges attributable to the transmission line:

(4) The cost of units lost in transmission from the station or

sub-station from which the supply is given to the station

or sub-station at which the supply is taken:

(5) Any other expenses on revenue account attributable to

the transmission line:

(6) Interest on money properly expended for capital purposes

(whether defrayed out of capital or revenue) and attributable to the transmission line and on such working capital as is properly attributable to the transmission line at the following rate, that is to say:—

(a) where the authorised undertakers owning the transmission line are a joint electricity authority or a

local authority, the average rate payable on the money raised by the authority for the purpose of constructing the line;

(b) where the authorised undertakers owning the transmission line are a company, the average rate of dividends and interest paid by the company on their share and loan capital during the preceding year; so,

however, that the rate shall in no case be less than five nor more than six and a half per cent, per annum.

; 7) An allowance for depreciation of the following amount:—

(a) where the authorised undertakers owning the transmission line are a joint electricity authority or

a local authority, an amount equal to the sinking fund charges properly attributable to the line:

Provided that, where part of the cost of the construction of the transmission line was defrayed out

of revenue, f the allowance for depreciation shall be

increased by such amount as the Electricity Commissioners think just:

(b) where the authorised undertakers owning the transmission line are a company, an amount determined in accordance with a scale fixed by special order:

Provided that, in the case of any company which

is a London company within the meaning of the

London and Home Counties Electricity District

Order, 1925, the amount of such allowance for depreciation shall not be less than the contributions for

3rd Soh.

— amt.

438

Ch. 51.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

the year of account which the company is required

to make to the sinking funds under the provisions

of the London Electricity (No. 1) Act, 1925, or the

London Electricity (No. 2) Act, 1925.

If a transmission line is used for giving a supply in bulk

to two or more authorised undertakers, or if a transmission line

is used partly for giving a supply in bulk and partly for other purposes, the charges and allowances shall be the proper proportion of such charges and allowances as aforesaid.

Section is. FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Adaptation of Section 16 of the Electricity

(Supply) Act, 1919, as amended by Section 21

of the Electricity (Supply) Act, 1922.

If within five years from the date when under or in consequence of this Act a generating station has been closed or acquired

or restrictions on the working or use thereof imposed, or a main transmission line or any part thereof has been acquired, any officer or servant who before the closing, acquisition, or imposition

of the restrictions was regularly employed by any authorised undertakers, proves to the satisfaction of a referee or board of referees appointed by the Minister of Labour that in consequence

of such closing, acquisition or restriction, he—

(i) has suffered loss of employment, or diminution of salary,

wages or emoluments, otherwise than on grounds of misconduct, incapacity, or superannuation; or

(ii) has relinquished his employment in consequence of being required to perform duties such as were not analogous or were an unreasonable addition to those which before such closing or acquisition or imposition

of restrictions he had been required to perform; or

(iii) had been placed in any worse position in respect to

the conditions of his’service (including tenure of office,

remuneration, gratuities, pension, superannuation, sick

or other fund, or any benefits or allowances, whether obtaining legally or by customary practice);

and, in the case of a generating station being closed, or restrictions

on the working or use thereof being imposed, the authorised

1926.

Electricity (Sujiply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

439

undertakers to whom the station belonged or belongs, or in the case of the acquisition of a generating station or a main transmission line, or any part thereof, the acquiring authority, do not show to the satisfaction of the referee or board of referees that equivalent employment on the like conditions as those obtaining with respect to him at the date when the generating station was closed or restrictions on the working or use thereof were imposed,

or the generating station or main transmission line or part thereof was acquired, was available, there shall be paid to him

by those undertakers, or the acquiring authority, such compensation as the referee or board of referees may award, including any expenses which the officer or servant necessarily incurs

in removing to another locality:

Provided that, where loss or relinquishment of employment is involved, such compensation shall, in the case of an

officer employed on an annual salary, be based on, but not exceed, the amount which would have been payable to a person

on abolition of office under the Acts and rules relating to His

Majesty’s Civil Service in force at the date of the passing of the

Local Government Act, 1888, but, in computing the period of service of any officer, service under any authorised undertakers shall be reckoned as service under the authorised undertaker in

whose employment he is at the time when the loss or relinquishment of employment occurs; .and where any such officer or

servant was temporarily absent from his employment whilst serving in or with His Majesty’s Forces or the forces of the

Allied or Associated Powers, or in any other employment of national importance during the war, such service shall be

reckoned as service under the authorised undertakers in whose employment he was immediately before and after such temporary absence.

Any question whether a generating station has been closed

or whether any restriction on the working or use thereof has been imposed under or in consequence of this Act shall be determined

by the Electricity Commissioners.

The Minister of Labour may make rules as to the procedure before the referee or board of referees under this Schedule and may by those rules provide—

(a) for limi ting the amount of costs and providing for the taxation thereof:

(b) for fixing the fees to be paid to the referee or the members

of the board of referees and for determining by whom such fees are to be paid.

4th Soh.

•— cant.

440

Ch. 51.

Section 43.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

FIFTH SCHEDULE.

Amendments of Schedule to the Electric

Lighting (Clauses) Act, 1899.

S. 7 - - In paragraph (1) for the words from " The under-

" takers shall carry " to the words "maximum

" rate of profit " there shall be substituted^the following words:

" The undertakers shall apply the net surplus remaining in any year and the annual proceeds

of the reserve fund when amounting to the prescribed limit—

" (a) in reduction of the charges for the supply of energy; or

" (6) in reduction of the capital moneys borrowed for electricity purposes; or

" (c) with the consent of the Electricity

Commissioners in payment of expenses chargeable to capital; or

‘ (d) in aid of the local rate:

Provided that—.

(i) the amount which may be applied

in aid of the local rate in any year shall not exceed one and a-half per cent, of the outstanding debt of the undertaking; and

(ii) after the thirty-first day of March,

nineteen hundred and thirty, no sum shall be paid in aid of the local rate unless the reserve fund amounts to

more than one-twentieth of the aggregate capital expenditure on the undertaking."

S. 14 - - In paragraph 1 (a) after the words "one month "

there shall be inserted " or in the case of service

" lines, seven days."

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

SIXTH SCHEDULE.

Ch. 51.

441

Section 50.

Minor Amendments oe Electricity (Supply)

Acts, 1882-1922.

Enactment to be

amended. Nature of Amendment.

Electric Lighting

Act, 1882 (45 & 46

Vict. c. 66):—

s. 3 - - In paragraph (5), the words "until after

" the expiration of a period of three

" months from the date of the first

" publication of such advertisement

" nor " shall be repealed.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1919 (9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 100):—

s. 1 - - In subsection (7), after the words "on

retirement, " there shall be inserted the words "or death."

s. 13 - In subsection (2), after the words "com-

" prising the area of the local authority "

there shall be inserted the words "or

" by any amending order under section

" seven of this Act."

s. 15 - - After paragraph (c) of subsection (1) the following paragraph shall be inserted :—

(cc)No order authorising the abstraction of water from any reservoir or other works used by any statutory water undertaker for the purposes of the undertaking shall be made without the consent of such undertaker (which consent shall not be unreasonably fefused) and if any question arises as

to the reasonableness of any refusal or

of the terips sought to be imposed as a

condition of giving consent, the question shall be referred to a single arbitrator nominated, by the Lord Chief Justice, or

in Scotland by the Lord President of the

Court of Session, and in any such order there shall be inserted such provisions as

* the Minister of Health (or, in the case of Scotland, the Scottish Board of Health)

may consider proper for safeguarding the interests of the water consumers.

442

Ch. 51

6th Soh.

— cont.

Electricity (Supply) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Enactments to be

amended. Nature of Amendment.

Electricity (Supply)

Act. 1919 (9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 100):—

s. 21 - - After the words "local authority " where they first occur, there shall be inserted the words "(including a county

" council), " and after the second

"local authority" there shall be inserted the words "and (where it is proposed

" to place the fine along or across any

" county bridge or any main road vested

"in a county council) the county

" council."

s. 32 - - In subsection (3), the words "unless it is

" an order made under section seven of " this Act, shall be a special order and "

shall be omitted.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1922 (12 & 13

Geo. 5. c. 46):—

s. 21 - - In subsection (1), for the words "not made under the principal Act was in consequence of that Act, " there shall be

substituted the words "was made under

or in consequence of the principal Act."

s. 24 - The following proviso shall be inserted:—

Provided that such supply shall be

used in such manner as not to cause or be

likely to cause any interference (whether

by induction or otherwise) with any telegraphic line belonging to or used by the

Postmaster-General or with telegraphic communication by means of such line.

This provision ‘ shall not apply to an

undertaking or part thereof in respect

of which any company or authority is

authorised to use electricity by Act of Parliament or by an Order confirmed by

or having the effect of an Act of Parliament containing provisions for the protection of the telegraphic lines of the

Postmaster General in respect of the use

of electricity. In this section "telegraphic fine " has the same meaning as

in the Telegraph Act, 1878,

1926.

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 51.

443

SEVENTH SCHEDULE.

Rules eor determining the Fixed Kilowatt

Charges Component, and the Running Charges

Component.

1. The cost of production shall be ascertained in accordance with the Second Schedule to this Act.

2. The cost so ascertained shall be allocated as between fixed costs and running costs in accordance with such regulations

as may be prescribed by the Electricity Commissioners for the purpose.

3. One-twelfth of the amount of the fixed costs in the year

of account, divided by the average of the monthly maximum demands in that year, shall, subject to such variations whether

by way of decrease or increase as the Electricity Commissioners may by regulations prescribe, according to the magnitude of the maximum demands of supplies furnished, be the fixed kilowatt charges component.

For the purposes of this provision the " maximum demand in

" respect of any month " shall be deemed to be twice the largest number of units of electricity supplied from the generating station during any consecutive thirty minutes in that month:

Provided that, if the number of kilowatts of maximum demand so ascertained for any particular month shall be less than the number of kilowatts of maximum demand for any previous month of the same year of account the higher number shall be

taken as the maximum demand for the first-mentioned month.

4. The amount of the running costs divided by the number

of units supplied from the generating station dining the year of account shall be the running charges component.

Section 51.

444

Ch. 52.

Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

Duties and powers of providing small

holdings.

Power of Minister to

contribute towards losses.

CHAPTER 52.

An Act to amend the Small Holdings and

Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1919.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Part I.

Small Holdings.

Provision of Small Holdings.

1. Where a county council are satisfied that there is a demand for small holdings in their county by

persons who desire to buy or lease and will themselves cultivate the holdings and are able to cultivate them properly, it shall be the duty of the county council to

provide small holdings if they are of opinion that they can do so without incurring loss, and, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Act, it shall be lawful for them to do so notwithstanding that it appears to them that a loss may thereby be incurred.

2. —(1) Where it appears to a county council that the provision of any small holdings will entail a loss, the council shall submit their proposals to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries (hereinafter referred to as the Minister), together with estimates in the prescribed form

of the expenses (whether On capital or income account) in

relation thereto likely to be incurred by the council and

of the sums likely to be received by the council either by

way of rent or purchase money or otherwise.

(2) If the Minister approves the proposals and estimates of the council, either without modifications or

with such modifications as he may require, the Minister may, subject to such conditions as to records, certificates,

audit or otherwise as, with the approval of the Treasury,

1926.

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1926.

Ch. 52.

445

he may determine, make, or undertake to make, contributions out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the losses likely to be incurred in carrying out the proposals to such an amount as may be specified in

the approval; so, however, that the contribution in

respect of any year shall not exceed seventy-five per cent, of the amount of loss shown in the approved estimates as likely to be incurred in that year:

Provided that the Minister in considering the estimates submitted to him shall satisfy himself that the estimates are made on the basis of the full fair rent being charged for each holding, and, in the case of any part of the land not being required for the provision of small holdings, of the best price that could reasonably

be obtained therefor, if sold, being attributed thereto.

(3) Where the proposals, after having been approved

by the Minister, are subsequently varied, then—

(a) if the variation is made by the county council without his consent, the Minister may, if he

thinks fit, reduce the amount of his contribution;

(b) if the variation is made with his consent, the Minister may, subject to the limitation hereinbefore mentioned, vary his contribution either

by way of increase or decrease, according to the nature of the variation.

(4) The Minister may, subject to the approval of the Treasury, make regulations for carrying this section into effect:

Provided that every regulation so made shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be

after it is made, ' and if an address is presented by either

House within twenty-one days during which that House has sat next after any regulation is laid before it praying that the regulation may be annulled, His Majesty in

Council may annul the regulation without prejudice to

the validity of anything previously done thereunder.

(5) Where land has been acquired for the purposes

of small holdings before the commencement of this Act.

or where land is, after the commencement of this Act,

acquired under this Part of this Act without the

446 Ch. 52. Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

consent of the Minister, this section shall apply with respect to such expenses only as are likely to be incurred

in equipping the land and adapting it for small holdings.

(6) For the purposes of this Part of this Act, the expression " full fair rent " in relation to a small holding means the rent which a tenant might reasonably be

expected to pay for the holding if let as such and the landlord undertook to bear the cost of structural repairs.

Power to

sell or let to

co-operative societies,

&c.

3. A county council shall have power—

(a) to sell or let one or more small holdings to a

number of persons working on a co-operative

sj r stem, provided such system is approved

by the county council; and

(b) with the consent of the Minister, to sell or

let one or more small holdings to any association formed for the purposes of creating or

promoting the creation of small holdings,

and so constituted that the division of profits amongst the members of the association is

prohibited or restricted.

Power to

acquire land for small holdings.

8 Edw. 7.

c. 36.

4. For the purpose of providing small holdings for persons who desire to buy or lease and will themselves cultivate the holdings and are able to cultivate them properly, a county council may purchase or take

on lease land (whether situate within or without the county) by agreement, or, if the council are unable to

obtain by agreement and on reasonable terms suitable land for the purpose, may purchase or take on lease such land compulsorily in accordance with the provisions

of the Small Holdings and Allotments Act, 1908 (hereinafter referred to as the principal Act) relating to the compulsory acquisition of land:

Provided that the county council shall not acquire land for such purpose as aforesaid without the consent of the Minister unless the council are satisfied that the transaction will not involve any loss to the council, and where land is so acquired without the consent of the Minister, it shall not be lawful for the Minister to make

1926. Small Holdings and Ch. 52. 447

Allotments Act, 1926.

or undertake to make any contribution under the foregoing provisions of this Act towards the cost of the acquisition of the land:

Provided also that the county council before acquiring any land outside the county shall consult with the council

of the county in which the land is situated.

5. —(1) Where a county council sell a small holding. Regulations the consideration (except where otherwise specifically as to pur-

provided in this Act) shall be a terminable annuity of an °kase money amount equal to the full fair rent of the holding for a

period of sixty years, or, at the option of the purchaser,

a terminable annuity for a period of less than sixty years

of an equivalent capital value.

(2) The terminable annuity shall be payable by

equal half-yearly instalments, the first instalment being payable on completion, and shall, so far as not paid on

completion, be secured by a charge on the holding in

favour of the council.

(3) The council may, if they think fit, postpone for

a term not exceeding five years, the payment of all or

any part of the terminable annuity, except so much as

is payable on completion, in consideration of capital expenditure by the purchaser which in the opinion of the council increases the value of the holding, but shall

do so on such terms as will in their opinion prevent them from incurring any loss or increased loss.

(4) A small holding may be sold subject to such rights of way or other rights as the council may consider necessary or expedient.

(5) Any question under this section as to what is

the full fair rent of q small holding, or the amount of a

terminable annuity, shall be determined by the county council.

6. -—(1) A small holding sold by a county council Conditions under this Act, shall for a term of forty years from the affecting date of the sale, and thereafter so long as the holding Tfj old "

remains charged with the terminable annuity, be held subject to the following conditions:—

(a) Any periodical payments due in respect of the terminable annuity shall be duly made:

448

Ch. 52.

Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

(6) The holding shall not be divided, sold, assigned,

let, or sublet without the consent of the county council:

(c) The holding shall be cultivated by the owner or

occupier as the case may be, in accordance with the rules of good husbandry as defined in

the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923, and shall not be used for any purpose other than agriculture:

(d) Not more than one dwelling-house shall be

erected on the holding unless, in the opinion of the council, additional accommodation is required for the proper cultivation of the holding:

(e) Any dwelling-house erected on the holding shall comply with such requirements as the county council may impose for securing healthiness and freedom from overcrowding:

(f) Any dwelling-house or other building erected on

the holding shall be kept in repair and insured against fire by the owner to the satisfaction

of the county council, and the receipts for premiums produced when required by them:

(g) No dwelling-house or building on the holding shall be used for the sale of intoxicating liquors:

(h) In the case of any holding on which, in the opinion of the county council, a dwelling-house ought not to be erected, no dwelling-house shall

be erected on the holding without the consent of the county council:

Provided that a county council may, if they think fit,

subject, in the cafee of a holding in respect of which a

contribution is payable by the Minister, to the consent of the Minister, as respects the whole or any part of the holding, either at the time» of the sale or subsequently,

and either without consideration or for such consideration

as they think fit, relax or dispense with any of the above conditions.

The Minister may, in giving his consent to any such relaxation or dispensation, impose such terms as he

13 & 14

Geo. 5. c. 9.

1926. Small Holdings and Ch. 52. 449

Allotments Act, 1926.

thinks fit, including a requirement as to the consideration to be charged, and the application thereof in whole

or in part in satisfaction of any contributions payable by

him under this Part of this Act.

(2) If any such condition is broken, the council may,

after giving the owner an opportunity of remedying the breach (if it is capable of remedy), either take possession

of the holding or order the sale of the holding without taking possession.

(3) If, on the decease of the owner while the holding

is subject to the conditions imposed by this section,

the holding would, by reason of any devise, bequest,

intestacy, or otherwise, become subdivided, the council may require the holding to be sold within twelve months after such decease to some one person, and if default is

made in so selling the holding, the council may either take possession of the holding or order the sale of the holding without taking possession.

(4) A small holding let by a county council shall be

held subject to the conditions on which it would under this section be held if it were sold, except so far as those conditions relate to the terminable annuity and to

repairs and insurance against fire; and, if any such condition or any term of the letting is broken, the council may, after giving the tenant an opportunity of remedying the breach (if it is capable of remedy), determine the tenancy.

7. — (1) Where a county council take possession of Recovery of a small holding under the last foregoing section, all the possession estate, right, interest, and claim of the owner in or to the u 1 '^j )0sal small holding shall, subject as in this section mentioned, holdings,

vest in and become the property of the county council,

and the county council may either retain the small holding under their own management or sell or otherwise dispose

of it as they think expedient.

(2) Where a county council take possession of a

small holding as aforesaid they shall, save as hereinafter mentioned, pay to the owner either—

(a) such sum as may be agreed upon; or

(b) a sum equal to the value of the interest in the small holding at the disposal of the county

F f

450

Ch. 52.

Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

51 & 52

Vict. c. 43.

1 & 2 Vict,

c. 74,

Procedure

as to

ordering sale of small holdings.

council, after deducting therefrom the amount

at which the annuity charged on the holding may be redeemed under the Law of Property

Act, 1925, together with any arrears of such annuity then due; and the said value, in the absence of a sale and in default of agreement,

shall be settled by an arbitrator appointed under the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923.

(3) The sum so paid to the owner if not paid within three months after the date of taking possession shall carry interest at the rate of five per centum per annum from the date of taking possession.

(4) All costs of or incidental to the taking possession,

sale or other disposal of the small holding (including the costs of the arbitration, if any) incurred by the county council before the amount payable to the owner has been settled either by agreement or arbitration, shall be

deducted from the amount otherwise payable to the owner.

(5) Where the county council are entitled under this Act to take possession of a small holding, possession may be recovered (whatever may be the value of the holding) by or on behalf of the county coimcil either under sections one hundred and thirty-eight to one hundred and forty-five of the County Courts Act, 1888,

or under the Small Tenements Recovery Act, 1838, as in

the cases therein provided for, and in either case may be

recovered as if the county council were the landlord and the owner of the holding were the tenant.

(6) In the event of the value of the holding, ascertained in accordance with the provisions of this section,

being less than the amount at which the annuity charged

on the holding may be redeemed together with any arrears of such annuity due from the owner, the council may recover from the owner summarily as a civil debt the amount of the deficiency.

8.—(1) Where a county council order the sale of a

small holding without taking possession, they shall cause

it to be put up for sale by auction, and out of the proceeds

of sale retain a sum equal to the amount for which the terminable annuity (if any) charged on the holding may

be redeemed, unless the holding is sold subject to the terminable annuity, together with any (arrears of the

1020. Small Holdings and Cn. 52. 451

Allotments Act, 1926.

annuity which may be then due and all costs, charges and expenses properly incurred by-them in or about the sale

of the holding, and pay over the balance (if any) to the owner.

(2) If the county council are unable to sell the holding for such sum as will allow the payment out

of the proceeds of sale of such amounts as aforesaid,

they may take possession of the holding in manner provided by the last foregoing section, but shall not be

liable to pay any sum to the owner, and may recover from the owner summarily as a civil debt the amount of the deficiency.

(3) Any sale by a county council under this section may be made either subject to the charge in respect of terminable annuity or free, wholly or partly, from that charge, and in either case the provisions of this Act with respect to the purchase money shall, where the land is

sold as a small holding, apply in like manner as if the sale were the first sale of the holding.

9. A county council may make arrangements with Delegation the council of any borough or urban or rural district in of powers to

the county for the exercise by the council of that borough ? ounci1 ? of or district, as agents for the county council, on such urban or

terms and subject to such conditions as may be agreed rural dis-

on, of any powers of the county council in respect of the tricts,

acquisition, adaptation and management of small holdings for the borough or district, and the council of the borough or district may, as part of the arrangement,

undertake to pay the whole or any part of the loss (if

any) incurred by the county council in connection with those small holdings, and any sum payable in pursuance

of any such undertalyng shall be defrayed as part of the general expenses of the council in the execution of the

Public Health Acts:

Provided that the arrangements shall not authorise the exercise on behalf of the county council by any other council of the powers of submitting to the Minister proposals and estimates for the purpose of obtaining contributions under this Act.

10. A county council shall keep a list of the owners List to be

and occupiers of small holdings sold or let by them, and kept by

a map or plan showing the size, boundaries and situa- count y

tion of each small holding so sold or let. 1 J i!i ' '

Ff 2

452

Ch. 52.

Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

Registration

of title of land purchased for small holdings.

16 Geo. 5.

c. 21.

Provision of cottage holdings.

Power of county council to

advance

11. Where a county council have purchased land for small holdings they shall apply to be registered as

proprietors thereof under the Land Registration Act,

1925.

Cottage Holdings.

12. — (1) The power of providing small holdings for persons who desire to buy them conferred by this Part

of this Act shall include power of providing cottage holdings, that is to say, holdings comprising a dwelling-

house together with not less than forty perches and not more than three acres of agricultural land which can be

cultivated by the occupier of the dwelling-house and his family; and all the provisions of the Small Holdings and

Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1919, and of this Act, with respect to small holdings, other than those relating to the letting of holdings, shall apply to cottage holdings as if

the expression "small holding " included a cottage holding:

Provided that—

(a) the power of providing cottage holdings shall not be exerciseable by the council of a county borough:

(b) a county council shall not sell a cottage holding unless they are satisfied that the person to whom it is to be sold is a bona fide agricultural labourer or a person employed

in a rural industry within or adjacent to their county, and that he has the intention, knowledge and capital to cultivate satisfactorily the land forming part of the cottage holding.

(2) For the purposes of this Section the expression

" rural industry" means an industry carried on in or

adjacent to a village being an industry ancillary to the industry of agriculture or horticulture for the time being approved by the Minister.

t

Loans by County Councils to Persons purchasing

Small Holdings.

13. — (1) Where a person being desirous of purchasing a small holding which he is able to cultivate properly has agreed with the owner for the purchase

1926.

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1926.

Ch. 62.

453

thereof, the county council of the county in which the holding or any part of it is situate may, if they think fit, advance to the purchaser on the security of the holding an amount not exceeding nine-tenths of the value of the holding as ascertained to the satisfaction

of the county council repayable by a terminable annuity for a period not exceeding sixty years.

(2) The provisions of this Act with respect to the terminable annuity secured by a charge on a small holding sold by a county council, and with respect to

any small holding so sold, shall apply to a terminable annuity charged and a holding purchased under this section, as if the advance was the purchase money.

(3) No advance shall be made by a county council under this section unless they are satisfied that the title

to the holding is good, that the sale is made in good faith, and that the price is reasonable.

(4) Where the person desirous of effecting the purchase is a person for whom a cottage holding could

be provided by the county council, this section shall apply as if references therein to small holdings included references to cottage holdings.

14.—(1) A county council may—

(a) subject to the provisions hereinafter contained,

advance money to owners of small holdings provided by the council under the principal

Act as amended by this Act for the purpose

of constructing, altering or adapting or

undertaking to construct, alter or adapt houses and farm buildings on such small holdings; and

(b) undertake to guarantee the repayment to a

society incorporated under the Building Societies Acts, 1874 to 1894, or the Industrial and Provident Societies Acts, 1893 to 1913,

of any advances made by the society to any

of its members, being the owners of small holdings provided by the council as aforesaid, for the purpose of enabling them to

construct, alter or adapt houses or farm buildings on such small holdings, and the interest on such advances.

money for purchase of small holdings.

Power of councils to

make advances for equipment

of small holdings.

454

Ch. 52.

Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

Construction of Part I.

(2) The county council before granting such assistance shall satisfy themselves that the houses or farm buildings in respect of which assistance is to be given will, when the construction, alteration or adaptation is

completed, in the case of houses, be in all respects fit for human habitation, and in the case of houses and farm buildings be in all respects suitable and necessary for the requirements of the small holdings.

(3) Any such advance as aforesaid shall be subject

to the following conditions :—

(a) The advance with interest thereon shall be secured

by mortgage, and the advance shall not exceed ninety per cent, of the value of the interest of the mortgagor in the property, and the mortgage deed may provide for repayment being made either by instalments of principal or by an

annuity of principal and interest combined, so,

however, that in the event of any of the conditions subject to which the advance is made not being complied with the balance for the time being unpaid shall become repayable on demand

by the council;

(b) The advance may be made by instalments from time to time as the construction, alteration

or adaptation of the house or farm building progresses, so, however, that the total of the advance does not at any time before the completion of the construction, alteration or

adaptation exceed fifty per cent, of the value of the work done up to that time on the construction, alteration or adaptation of the house

or farm building, or on works incidental thereto;

and '

(c) The advance shall not be made except after a

valuation duly made on behalf of the council.

(4) The making of advances and the fidfilling of guarantees under this section (except a guarantee of interest) shall be purposes for which a council may borrow under section fifty-two of the principal Act.

Construction.

15. This Part of this Act shall have effect as if it

w ere substituted for Part I. of the principal Act:

192G.

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1926.

.Ch. 52.

455

Provided that nothing in this Act shall affect the terms and conditions on which a small holding purchased

or leased before the commencement of this Act is held.

Part II.

Miscellaneous Amendments of the Small

Holdings and Allotments Acts.

16. In the definition of "small holding " contained

in section sixty-one of the principal Act, for the words

" fifty pounds, " there shall he substituted the words

" one hundred pounds."

17. —(I) The provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts incorporated with the principal Act by section thirty-

eight thereof for the purpose of the purchase of land

by agreement under that Act shall not include section eighty-two of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845, relating to the costs of conveyances.

(2) Where one or more objections to an order for the compulsory acquisition of land under Part I. of the First Schedule to the principal Act have been presented and not withdrawn, the Minister may dispense with the holding of a public inquiry and may confirm the order without holding such an inquiry in any case where he is of opinion that the objection or all the objections presented relate exclusively to matters which could be dealt with by the arbitrator to whom questions

of disputed compensation are to be referred under the said Schedule, and the Minister may for that purpose require any objector to state in writing the grounds of his objection.

(3) For removing doubts as to the effect of the

Acquisition of Land (Assessment of Compensation) Act,

1919, it is hereby declared :—

(a) that the said Act does not apply to the determination of a dispute as to the amount of compensation payable on the withdrawal of a

notice to treat under subsection (8) of section thirty-nine of the principal Act;

(b) that the said Act has not affected the power

of the Minister under paragraphs (5) and (6)

of Part I. of the First Schedule to the principal

Act to give directions with respect to the

Amendment of definition of "small holding."

Amendment of law

as to the acquisition

of land.

8 & 9 Vict,

c. 18.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 57.

456

Ch. 52.

Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

Provisions

os to land compulsorily hired.

Power of tenant to

purchase small

holding held from a

hearing of counsel or expert witnesses and of fixing scales of costs, and that any directions

so given and scales so fixed apply to arbitrations before an official arbitrator both when assessing the compensation in the case of the compulsory purchase of land and when assessing the rent

or other compensation to be paid in the case

of the compulsory hiring of land.

18. — (1) Where a council in pursuance of the powers conferred by section forty-four of the principal Act have given notice to the landlord of land compulsorily hired

by them to renew the tenancy, it shall be lawful for the council to withdraw the notice at any time not less than three months before the expiration of the tenancy if it

appears to the council that the rent assessed in pursuance

of the said section is such as will involve loss to the council, but in any such case the landlord shall be

entitled to obtain from the council compensation for any loss or expenses which he may have sustained or incurred

by reason or in consequence of the notice to renew and

of the notice to withdraw, such compensation to be

determined in like manner as the compensation for withdrawal of notice to treat under subsection (8) of section thirty-nine of the principal Act.

(2) A notice to resume possession of the whole or

part of land hired by a council compulsorily for small holdings or allotments given under section forty-six of the principal Act shall not be vabd if given before it has been shown to the satisfaction of the Minister that the land, possession of which is proposed to be resumed, is

required for such a purpose as is mentioned in that section, and where an applicant has failed to satisfy the Minister that any land is required for such a purpose, any further application to the Minister with a view to the resumption of possession of the same land or any part

of it for the same purpose shall not be entertained if

made within two years after the previous application.

19. —(1) Subsection (3) of section eleven of the Land

Settlement (Facilities) Act, 1919 (which enables the tenant of a holding provided by a county council on

land purchased by the council to purchase the holding)

shall apply only in the case of a tenant in occupation of a small holding at the commencement of this Act; and

1926.

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1926.

Ch. 52.

457

nothing in this Act or in any repeal effected thereby shall affect the terms on which such a tenant is so

entitled to purchase his holding.

(2) In the case of a tenant of a small holding whose occupation thereof commences after the commencement

of this Act, it shall be lawful for the county council to

sell the small holding to him, subject to the provisions

of this Act relating to the sale of small holdings.

county council.

9 & 10

Geo. 5. c. 59.

20. — (1) Notwithstanding anything in section twelve Power to

of the Land Settlement (Facilities) Act, 1919, it shall not sel1 lan <l

be necessary for a county council to obtain the consent wltllout

of the Minister to the sale of any land where the land Minister in

forms part of land which they have acquired under certain

Part I. of this Act without such consent. cases.

(2) Section thirteen of the Land Settlement

(Facilities) Act, 1919, shall not exempt any county council from obtaining the consent of the Minister in any case where such consent is required by this Act.

21. The amendments specified in the second column "Minor

of the First Schedule to this Act (which relate to minor amend-

details) shall be made in the provisions of the Small ments -

Holdings and Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1919, specified in

the first column of that schedule.

Part III.

General.

22. —(1) The enactments mentioned in the Second Repeals.

Schedule to this Act (including those relating to the

Small Holdings Commissioners) are hereby repealed to

the extent specified in the third column of that schedule.

(2) Any references in any other Act to the Small

Holdings Commissioners shall be construed as references

to such officers of the Ministry of Agriculture and

Fisheries as the Minister may appoint for the purpose.

23. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Small Short title

Holdings and Allotments Act, 1926, and the Small and con-

Holdings and Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1919, and this structi °n-

Act, may be cited together as the Small Holdings and

Allotments Acts, 1908 to 1926.

(2) This Act shall be construed as one with the principal Act.

458

Ch. 52.

Small Holdings and 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Allotments Act, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

Section 21.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Minor Amendments.

Enactment to be

amended. Amendment.

The Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1908—

Section 49, subsection (2).

Section 50

Second Schedule

The Land Settlement

(Facilities) Act, 1919—

Section 7 -

Section 11

Section 16

Section 18

At end, add the following words :—

" The council may also let to the

" society accommodation for

" the storage or sale of goods."

After the words "Every county

" council, " at the beginning of the section, there shall be inserted the words "other than the London

" County Council."

At the end of Part II. there shall be

inserted :—

"(18) Provision of permanent

" sheep-dipping accommodation.

" (19) In the case of arable

" land, the removal of bracken,

" gorse, tree roots, boulders,

" and other like obstructions to

" cultivation."

After the words "fee farm rent " there shall be inserted the words "or

" terminable rentcharge, " and after the words "the rent " there shall be

inserted the'words " or rentcharge."

In subsection (3) the words "six

".months " shall be substituted for the words "one month."

In subsection (2) for the words "fifty

" .pounds " there shall be su bstituted the words "one hundred pounds."

In subsection (3) the words "the

" Board or " in both places where they occur, and the words "as the

" case may be, " shall be omitted.

The whole section shall be omitted.

1926.

Small Holdings and

Allotments Act, 1926.

Ch. 52.

459

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 Edw. 7. c. 36.

The Small Holdings

Sections one to twenty-two in-

and Allotments elusive.

Act, 1908.

In subsection (8) of section thirty-nine the proviso.

Subsection (2) of section forty-

six.

Section fifty-five.

Section fifty-six.

In subsection (1) of section fifty-

seven the words "and the

" Small Holdings Commission-

" ers " and " other."

Subsection (2) of section fifty-

eight.

In section fifty-nine the words

" and of the proceedings of " the Commissioners."

9 & 10 Geo. 5.

The Land Settle-

Section one.

c. 59.

ment (Facilities)

Section ten.

Act, 1919.

In subsection (1) of section eleven the words "be sold or

" let by the council at the

" best price or sum that can

" reasonably be obtained

" and " and subsections (2), (5),

(6) and (7) of the same section.

In subsection (3) of section six-

teen the words "the Board

" or " in both places where they occur and the words "as

" the case may be."

Section eighteen.

Section twenty.

Section twenty-six.

Section 22.

460 Ch. 53. Merchandise Marks 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 53.

An Act to require an indication of origin to be

given in the case of certain imported goods.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall not be lawful to sell, expose for sale,

or, by way of advertising goods of some other kind, distribute, in the United Kingdom, any imported goods to

which there is applied any name or trade mark being,

or purporting to be, the name or trade mark of any manufacturer, dealer or trader or the name of any place

or district in the United Kingdom, unless the name or

trade mark is accompanied by an indication of origin.

(2) For the purposes of this section—

(a) a name or trade mark shall be deemed to be

applied to goods if it is applied either to the goods themselves or to any covering, label,

reel or other thing in or with which the goods are sold or exposed for sale; and

(b) the expression "trade mark" means a mark which is used upon or in connection with goods for the purpose of ^indicating that they are the goods of the proprietor of the mark by

virtue of manufacture, selection, certification,

dealing with, or offering for sale.

(3) If the Board of Trade are satisfied, after considering such representations (if any) as may be made

to them by any persons appearing to the Board of Trade

to have a substantial interest in the matter, that, having regard to the special circumstances of the trade, difficulties would arise if this section applied to goods of any class or description, or goods sold under any particular designation, and that public interests in the United

Kingdom would not be materially prejudiced by exempting such goods from the operation of this section.

Imported goods

bearing name or

trade mark

of British manufacturer

or trader not to be

sold unless accompanied by

indication

of origin.

1926.

Merchandise Marks

Act, 1926.

Ch. 53.

461

they may direct that this section shall not apply to such goods, or that goods shall not be treated as falling under this section by reason only that they are so designated.

Every such direction shall be published in the London,

Edinburgh, and Belfast Gazettes, and in such other manner as the Board of Trade may deem suitable.

(4) This section shall not have effect in respect of the application of a name or trade mark to articles used

or to be used for any of the following purposes, that is

to say, as coverings, labels, reels, or otherwise as articles

in or with which goods manufactured or produced in the

United Kingdom are or are to be sold or exposed for sale if the name or mark so applied is the name or

trade mark of a manufacturer of or of a dealer or trader

in those goods in the United Kingdom and the name or

mark was applied with his consent.

(5) This section (except subsection (3) thereof) shall not come into operation until the expiration of six months from the date of the passing of this Act.

2.—(1) After an enquiry in relation to goods of any p 0 wer to

class or description has on a reference from the appro- require in-

priate department been held by a committee appointed dication of for the purposes of this Act and the report of the committee on the matter has been taken into considera- cer t a in

tion by the department, that department may, unless imported

it appears to them that the trade of the United Kingdom goods,

or the trade generally of other parts of His Majesty’s

dominions with the United Kingdom would be prejudiced

if imported goods of that class or description for use or

consumption in the United Kingdom were prohibited to

b6 sold unless they bear an indication of origin, make a

representation to His Majesty that it is desirable that

an order should be made under this section, and His

Majesty in Council may thereupon, subject to the provisions of this Act, make an Order prohibiting the sale,

or the exposure for sale in the Urn ted Kingdom, of imported goods of that class «or description unless they bear an indication of origin.

(2) The sitting of a committee shall while evidence

is being taken be open to the public unless the evidence relates to matters which are, in the opinion of the committee, of a confidential character.

402

Ch. 53.

Merchandise Marks 1G &" 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(3) No reference shall be made to a committee in

respect of goods of any class or description unless there has been made to the department an application therefor which, in the opinion of the department, substantially represents the interests of either manufacturers, producers, dealers, traders, users, or consumers, or of any body of wage-earners.

(4) Whenever a reference to a committee is made

by a department under this section, notice thereof shall

be published in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast

Gazettes, and in such other manner as the department may deem suitable, and no enquiry in respect of such reference shall be begun by the committee until the expiration of twenty-eight days after the date of such publication.

(5) If on an enquiry under subsection (1) of this section it appears to a committee to be desirable that any imported goods should bear an indication of origin

at the time of importation, and the committee so reports

to the appropriate department, that department unless,

having regard to all the circumstances of the case,

including the re-export trade of the United Kingdom

in that class or description of goods, it considers such action undesirable, may make a representation to His

Majesty that it is desirable that the goods should bear

an indication of origin at the time of importation, and

His Majesty may by Order in Council under this section

(without prejudice to his powers under subsection (1)

of this section) make provision accordingly, and if

any such goods required by any such Order to bear

an indication of origin at the time of importation

do not at that time bear such an indication, they shall

be 'deemed to be goods which are prohibited to be

imported by virtue of section sixteen of the principal

Act:

Provided that—

(a) Subject to compliance with such conditions

as to security for the re-exportation of the goods as the Commissioners of Customs and

Excise may impose, an order under this subsection shall not apply to goods imported for exportation after transit through

1920. Merchandise Marks Ch. 53. 463

Act, 1926.

the United Kingdom or by way of transhipment or to goods declared on importation

to be for re-exportation; and

(b) Nothing in this subsection shall be taken to

be in derogation of anything contained in

the said section sixteen.

(6) A committee after hearing persons representing such interests as may appear to the committee to be

substantially affected shall, from time to time, and as

soon as may be practicable in each case after an enquiry under subsection (1) of this section make reports

to the appropriate department specifying the classes or

descriptions of imported goods, if any (being goods to

which the committee consider that it is practically possible to apply an indication of origin effectively and without injury to the goods), with respect to which, in

the opinion of the committee, an Order in Council ought

to be made under this section, and the committee shall

if it reports that such goods should bear an indication

of origin, recommend what should be the form of the indication of origin and in what manner it should be

applied to the goods.

(7) Before any proceedings shall be taken on any report made by a committee in pursuance of this section,

such report shall be published, and a copy of such report shall be laid before each House of Parliament, and notice

of the making of such report shall be published in the

London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes and in such other manner as the Department may deem suitable.

(8) An Order in Council under this section shall *

specify in every case—

(a) the manner* in which the indication of origin is

to be applied to the goods; and

(b) the date on which - the Order is to come into force (not being a date earlier than three months from the date of the making of the

Order, except in the case of an Order revoking

a previous Order either entirely or as respects some of the goods to which that Order relates,

or an Order made for amending a previous

Order in consequence of a direction having been given with respect to that Order under

464 Ch. 53. Merchandise Marks 16 & 1.7 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

the provisions of this Act relating to pro- .

visional exemptions); and

(c) whether the goods are to bear an indication of origin at the time of importation or of exposure for sale wholesale,

and any such Order may contain such other provisions

as appear to His Majesty to be necessary or expedient for carrying this section into effect.

3. — (1) If, where an Order in Council has been made under this Act with respect to any goods, it is shown

to the satisfaction of the appropriate department by

persons appearing to the department to have a substantial interest in the matter that the application of the provisions of the Order, or of some of those provisions,

to any particular class or description of those goods has caused, or is likely to cause, injury or hardship to the said persons, or any of them, the department may direct that the Order, or any particular provisions of the Order,

shall cease to apply to goods of that class or description

or shall apply to such goods subject only to such modifications and conditions as the department think fit, and the Order shall, while the direction is in force, have effect subject thereto.

(2) Immediately after a direction has been given under this section the appropriate department shall cause notice thereof to be published in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes, and in such other manner as the department may deem suitable, and shall refer to a committee for consideration the question whether the Order with respect to which the direction has been given should

be amended either in accordance with the terms of the direction or otherwise with respect to the goods in

question.

(3) A direction under this section may at any time

be withdrawn by the appropriate department, and shall not in any case continue in force after the date on which any amending Order in Council made on the report of the committee to which the matter in question has been referred under the last preceding subsection comes into operation or after the expiration of twelve months from

Power to

grant provisional exemption from Order

in Council.

1926. Merchandise'Marks Ch. 53. 465

Act, 1926.

the date on which the direction was given, whichever date is the earlier.

4. —(1) For the purposes of this Act, there shall Constitute two or more standing committees of which at least tion ofj:

one shall be charged with enquiries relating to agricultural committees,

and horticultural produce and the produce of any fishing industry.

(2) Each committee shall consist of not less than three and not more than five persons, two to form a

quorum and shall be appointed by the appropriate department.

(3) The names of all persons from time to time so

appointed shall be published in the London, Edinburgh and Belfast Gazettes, and in such other manner as the department may deem suitable.

(4) Any person, who in the opinion of the appropriate department, is directly and substantially interested as a

trader or dealer in goods of any particular class or

description, or as a manufacturer of any such goods or

of goods of which any such goods form part, or as a

producer of any such goods, shall not act as a member

of a committee charged with an enquiry in respect of goods of that class or description.

(5) The members of a committee shall hold office for such period as the department by which the committee

is appointed thinks fit, and the department may from time to time fill any vacancies occurring in the membership

of the committee.

(6) There shall be paid to the members of a committee such fees or other remuneration as the appropriate department, with the consent of the Treasury, may determine.)

5. —(1) If any person— Offences.

(a) sells, exposes for sale, or distributes by way of advertisement, any* goods in contravention

of the provisions of this Act; or

(b) acts in contravention of or fails to comply with any Order in Council made under this Act;

he shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be guilty

of an offence against the principal Act:

Gg

466 Ch. 53. Merchandise Marks 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Provided that—

(i) in the case of a person who is guilty of an

offence against the principal Act by virtue

of this section the principal Act shall have effect as if the following were substituted for subsection (3) of section two of that

Act:—

* (3) Every person guilty of an offence against this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding five pounds, and in the case of a second or subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds and the court may in

the case of a second or subsequent offence order the goods in relation to which the offence has been committed to be forfeited ";

and

in) in the case of the sale wholesale of any goods,

other than goods which by virtue of an Order

in Council made under this Act are required to

bear an indication of origin at the time of importation or of exposure for sale wholesale,

it shall be a good defence to proceedings under this subsection if the person charged with the offence satisfies the court that the goods were sold to the purchaser on an

undertaking in writing that they would be

exported or sold for exportation to a place outside the United Kingdom, and any such undertaking in writing if it purports to be

signed by the purchaser and specifies the usual business address of the purchaser shall

be admissible as evidence of the facts appearing therein.

(2) If any person advertises or offers for sale as

being goods of a particular brand or make or otherw ise under a specific designation, whether by means of an

illustration or by means of any written matter, any imported goods of a class or description to which an

Order in Council under this Act applies, he shall, if he

does not include in the advertisement or offer an indication of the origin of the goods, and subject to the provisions of this section, be deemed to have acted in

contravention of an Order in Council made under this Act.

1926.

Merchandise Marks

Act, 1926.

Ch. 53.

467

This subsection shall not apply in the case of any advertisement made, issued or published before the date on which the Order was made.

* (3) Where any person sells, or exposes for sale,

any goods of which any imported goods, being goods

to which an Order in Council under this Act applies,

form a distinguishable part, and that part is reasonably capable of having applied to it an indication of origin in

manner required by the order, he shall, for the purposes

of this section, be deemed to have sold, or exposed for sale, that part, and the provisions of this section shall apply accordingly.

(4) It shall not within the United Kingdom be

lawful to sell or offer for sale by sample goods of a class

or description to which an Order in Council under this Act applies unless the required indication of origin is

applied to the samples or unless particulars corresponding to the particulars which would be contained in

such an indication are communicated in writing to the person to whom the samples are submitted, and if any person acts in contravention of the provisions of this subsection he shall, subject to the provisions of this section, be deemed to have acted in contravention of an

Order in Council made under this Act.

(5) A person shall not be treated as being guilty by

virtue of this section of an offence against the principal

Act if he proves—

(a) that having taken all reasonable precautions against committing such an offence he had at

the time of the commission of the alleged offence no reason to suspect that the goods were goods to which this Act or an Order in

Council made’ thereunder applied, and that on a

demand made by or on behalf of the prosecutor

he gave all the information in his power with respect to the persons from whom he

obtained the goods; or

(b) that otherwise he had acted innocently.

6. Where an employer or principal is charged with the offence of having acted in contravention of, or

failed to comply with, the provisions of this Act or any

Order in Council made under this Act he shall be entitled

on information duly laid by him and on giving not less

Power of employer to

exempt himself from penalty on

conviction

468

of the actual offender.

Laying before Parliament and revocation and variation of Orders.

Penalty on

removal of indication

of origin from imported goods.

Ch. 53. Merchandise Marks 16 & 17 Geo. 5

Act, 1926.

than three days’ notice of his intention to the prosecution to have any other person whom he charges as

the actual offender brought before the court at the time appointed for hearing the charge, and, if after the commission of the offence has been proved, the employer or principal proves to the satisfaction of the court that he has used due diligence to enforce compliance with the provisions of this Act or of the Order,

and that the said other person had committed the offence

in question without his consent, connivance or wilful default, the said other person shall, subject to the provisions of subsection (5) of the last preceding section, be

summarily convicted of the offence, and the employer or

principal shall be exempt from any penalty.

The person so convicted shall, in the discretion

of the court, be also liable to pay any costs incidental

to the proceedings:

Provided that the prosecution shall in any such case have the right to cross-examine the employer or principal

if he gives evidence, and any witnesses called by him

in support of his charge, and to call rebutting evidence.

7. —(1) Before any Order in Council is made under the foregoing provisions of this Act, a draft of the Order shall be laid before each House of Parliament, and if

either House within the next subsequent twenty days on

which that House has sat next after the draft is laid before it resolves that an Address be presented to His

Majesty against the draft or any part thereof, no further proceedings shall be taken thereon, but without prejudice

to the making of a new draft Order.

(2) An Order in Council made under the foregoing provisions of this Act may, on a .representation to His

Majesty by the appropriate department; be revoked or

varied by a subsequent Order made in like manner, and the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to the making of Orders in Council shall, subject to the necessary modifications, have effect .accordingly.

8. H any person removes, alters or obliterates an

indication of origin which in compliance with the requirements of an Order in Council made under this Act was borne by the goods at the time of their importation

or exposure for sale wholesale, he shall be deemed to

have acted in contravention of an Order in Council

1926. Merchandise Marks Ch. 53. 469

Act, 1926.

made under this Act, unless he proves to the satisfaction of the court dealing with, the case that the removal, alteration or obliteration was not for the purpose of concealing the origin of the goods at the time of their sale or exposure for sale.

9. — (1) Every local authority authorised to appoint Execution

an analyst for the purposes of the Sale of Food and of Act by

Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1907, may, so far as relates to any local autho ‘

goods being foodstuffs to which an Order in Council nt, es -

under this Act applies, execute any of the provisions of this Act other than provisions relating to the importation

of goods, and any expenses incurred by a local authority under this section shall be defrayed in the same manner

as expenses incurred by the authority in executing the provisions of the said Acts.

(2) An officer of any such local authority as aforesaid, if authorised in that behalf by the authority and on

production if so required of his authority, may at any time during the hours when the premises are open for business enter any premises on which he has reason to

believe that there are kept for sale any imported foodstuffs to which an Order in Council under this Act

applies and on pacing or making tender of payment therefor take samples of any goods which appear to

him to be such imported foodstuffs, and any person who obstructs an officer so authorised in the execution

of the powers conferred on him by this section shall

be deemed to have acted in contravention of an Order

in Council made under this Act.

An officer taking a sample under this subsection shall forthwith notify the person on whose premises the sample is taken or his agent that the sample is taken in

pursuance of the pit)visions of this Act, and shall, if

required so to do at the time of giving such notification,

select a second like sample or divide the sample into two parts, and shall mark and seal and leave with that person

or agent either the second sample or one part of the divided sample. •

(3) The Governor of Northern Ireland may by

Order in Council direct, as respects any local authority

in Northern Ireland, that the powers of the authority under this section shall be exercised by the Ministry

of Agriculture for Northern Ireland instead of by the authority.

470

Cir. 53.

Interpretation.

Merchandise Marks 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

10 . —(1) For the purposes of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, that is to

say:—

" Agricultural and horticultural produce and the produce of any fishing industry " includes all foodstuffs other than such foodstuffs as the

Board of Trade, with the concurrence of the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries may declare not to be foodstuffs for the purposes of this definition:

" Apply " in relation to an indication of origin has the same meaning as in section five of the principal Act:

" Appropriate department" means in relation to

agricultural and horticultural produce and the produce of any fishing industry, the Minister

of Agriculture and Fisheries, the Secretary of State for the Home Department and the

Secretary of State for Scotland acting jointly,

and in relation to any other goods the Board of Trade:

" Committee" means a committee appointed for the purposes of this Act:

"His Majesty’s Dominions" includes territories under His Majesty’s protection and such, if any,

of the territories in respect of which a mandate

on behalf of the League of Nations has been accepted by His Majesty as His Majesty may

by Order in Council direct to be included in

His Majesty’s Dominions for the purposes of this Act:

" Imported goods " does not include—

(a) goods which since the date of their importation have undergone in the United

Kingdom any treatment or process resulting

in a substantial change in the goods; or

(b) goods produced or manufactured in the

United Kingdom which after exportation are brought back into the United Kingdom,

including any such goods which have undergone abroad any treatment or process not resulting in a substantial change in the goods:

1920. Merchandise Maries Ch. 53. 471

Act, 1926.

" Indication of origin " means, at the option of the person applying the indication, either—

(a) in the case of goods manufactured or

produced in any foreign country, the word

" foreign " and in the case of goods manufactured or produced in a part of His Majesty’s

Dominions outside the United Kingdom, the word "Empire "; or

(b) a definite indication of the country in

which the goods were manufactured or produced;

the indication being given, in either case, conspicuously:

Provided that, in the case of goods produced

or manufactured in the United Kingdom which have undergone in any particular country abroad any treatment or process resulting in a

substantial change in the goods, the indication

of origin may at the option of the person applying it be given either by using in conjunction with the word "foreign " or the word

" Empire, " as the case requires, words descriptive

of that treatment or process or by a definite indication that the treatment or process was undergone in that particular country.

" Principal Act" means the Merchandise Marks Act, 50 & 51 Vict.

1887: c. 28.

"•United Kingdom" means Great Britain and

Northern Ireland.

(2) Section one of this Act shall not extend to blends

or mixtures, and an "Order in Council made under the foregoing provisions of this Act with respect to goods of any class or description shall *not extend to blends or

mixtures consisting of or containing those goods unless the Order expressly so provides, and, where any Order

in Council so provides, the indication of origin to be

given in respect of the blends or mixtures shall,

notwithstanding anything in this Act, be an indication

in such form as the Order prescribes. For the purposes

of this subsection the expression "blend or mixture "

does not include any blend or mixture produced by a

process of manufacture from materials of different kinds.

472

Ch. 53.

Exercise of powers of Board of Trade under

Act.

Expenses.

Short title and application.

Merchandise Marks 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(3) For the purposes of this Act, imported goods shall be deemed to have been manufactured in the country in which they last underwent before importation a substantial change by reason of any treatment or

process.

(4) In this Act the expression "sale "—

(a) does not include—

(i) a sale of goods for consignment by the vendor to a person outside the United

Kingdom; or

(ii) a sale of second-hand goods;

(b) subject as hereinafter provided, includes sale wholesale as well as sale by retail, and the provisions of this Act and of any Order in

Council made thereunder shall have effect accordingly:

Provided that references to exposure for sale in sections one and five of this Act or

(unless the Order expressly provides to the contrary) in any Order in Council made under this Act shall not include exposure for sale wholesale by a person being a wholesale dealer;

(c) does not include the sale of any foodstuffs

at any hotel or restaurant or other premises for consumption thereon or the sale of any foodstuffs which have undergone a process of cooking, curing or preserving in the United

Kingdom.

11 . Anything authorised under this Act to be done

by, to, or before the Board of Trade, may be done by,

to, or before the President, a Secretary or Assistant

Secretary of the Board, oi any person authorised in that behalf by the President of the Board.

12 . Any expenses incurred by or in connection with any committee shall, up to such amount as the

Treasury may approve, be defrayed out of moneys provided by Parliament.

13 . —(1) This Act may be cited as the Merchandise

Marks Act, 1926, and shall be construed as one with the Merchandise Marks Acts, 1887 to 1911, and those

1926. Merchandise Marks Ch. 53, 54. 473

Act, 1926.

Acts and this Act may be cited together as the

Merchandise Marks Acts, 1887 to 1926.

(2) This Act applies to Northern Ireland.

(3) This Act shall not apply to farm produce carried

or driven by a farmer or his servants from the Irish Free

State into Northern Ireland in the course of his business

as a farmer.

(4) If His Majesty is pleased by Order in Council

so to direct as respects goods manufactured or produced

in any of the Channel Islands or in the Isle of Man,

goods so manufactured or produced shall for the purposes

of this Act be treated as if they were goods manufactured

or produced in the United Kingdom.

(5) Any Order in Council made under this section or

under section nine or section ten of this Act may be

revoked or varied by another Order in Council so made.

(6) So much of this Act as enables provision to be

made for requiring imported goods to bear an indication

of origin at the time of importation and any Order in

Council made thereunder shall have effect as if it were part of the Customs Consolidation Act, 1876, and shall 39 & 40 Vict,

accordingly apply to the Isle of Man as if it were part c - 36 *

of the United Kingdom.

(7) Nothing in this Act shall be taken to render

it lawful to describe as being made or produced in the

United Kingdom any goods which by virtue of the provisions of the principal Act may not be so described.

CHAPTER 54.

An Act to facilitate the use of wireless telegraphy

by the blind., [15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Where a person satisfies the Postmaster-General Licences to

that he is a blind person within the meaning of this blind p e r-

Act, a licence to establish, maintain and work a wireless 8ons for the purpose of 474

receiving wireless messages.

Definition.

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 49.

Short title and construction.

Ch. 54. Wireless Telegraphy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Blind Persons Facilities) Act, 1926.

telegraph station for the purpose of receiving messages only may be granted to him by the Postmaster-General,

subject to such terms, conditions and restrictions as the

Postmaster-General may think fit, but without payment

of any fee.

2. —(1) For the purpose of this Act a blind person shall mean any person (not being resident in a public

or charitable institution or in a school) who produces

to the Postmaster-General a certificate issued by or

under the authority of the council of the county or

of the county borough in which he is ordinarily resident that he is registered as a blind person in the area of the county or county borough.

The expenses incurred by a council under this section shall be defrayed in the case of a county council out of the county fund as expenses for general county purposes and in the case of a county borough council out of the borough fund or borough rate.

This section shall apply to the City of London as

if it were a county borough and the Common Council were the council of a county borough and the general rate were the borough fund or rate.

(2) In the application of this section to Scotland

" county borough " has the same meaning as in the

Blind Persons Act, 1920, and the expenses incurred by a

county or town council under this Act shall be defrayed

in like manner as expenses under the said Act.

3. This Act may be cited as the Wireless Telegraphy

(Blind Persons Facilities) Act, 1926, and shall be construed as one with the Wireless Telegraphy Acts, 1904 to

1925, and those Acts and this Act may be c cited together

as the Wireless Telegraphy Acts, 1904 to 1926, and this Act may be cited with the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1925.

192G.

Roman Catholic Relief

Act, 1926.

Ch. 55.

475

CHAPTER 55.

An Act to provide for the further relief of His

Majesty’s Roman Catholic subjects.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. The enactments specified in the Schedule to this Repeal of Act are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the enactments,

said Schedule.

2. Nothing herein contained shall affect in any Saving as

manner whatsoever any power conferred by any Act of to powers

Parliament, or by any byelaw made pursuant to any Act of l° ca |.

of Parliament, upon any local authority in Great Britain to aut onllcs '

make regulations relating to, or otherwise to control, any meeting or procession in or through any street or other public place whatsoever, or in or through any unfenced ground adjoining or abutting upon any such street or

place, nor the power of any local authority conferred by

any Act of Parliament to make byelaws relating to any such meeting or procession.

3. Nothing in this Act nor the repeal of any Savings enactments or parts thereof specified in the Schedule relating to

thereof shall in any way alter, add to, or abridge E ll)Irc ||

the law relating to services, acts, matters or things aiul sav a r

performed or done in any church or chapel of the 0 f rights of established Church of England or relating to clergy or title,

ministers of the said* established Church of England, or

relating to any right of presentation to any benefice or

other ecclesiastical living or* office in the established

Church of England.

Nothing herein contained shall adversely affect the title to properties which were vested in the Crown by

the statute, 1 Eliz., cap. 24.

4. This Act may be cited as the Roman Catholic Short title.

Relief Act, 1926, and shall not apply to Northern

Ireland.

47G

Ch. 55, 56.

Roman Catholic Relief 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

3 & 4 Edw. 6.

The whole Act.

cap. 10.

1 Eliz. cap. 24

The whole Act, except sections three, ten, twelve and sixteen.

1 Geo. 1. St. 2.

The whole Act.

cap. 50.

31 Geo. 3.

The Roman Catholic Relief

Sections eleven and seven-

cap. 32.

Act, 1791.

teen.

10 Geo. 4.

The Roman Catholic Relief

Section twenty-six, sections twenty-eight to

thirty-six inclusive.

The Schedule.

cap. 7.

Act, 1829.

2 & 3 Will. 4.

cap. 115.

The Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1832.

Section four.

23 & 24 Vict,

cap. 134.

The Roman Catholic Charities Act, 1860.

Section seven.

CHAPTER 56.

An Act to promote the provision of housing accommodation for agricultural workers and for persons whose economic-’condition is substantially the same as that of such workers and the improvement of such accommodation,

by authorising the giving of financial assistance towards the reconstruction and improvement of houses and other buildings.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords

’ Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

1926. Housing {Rural Ch. 56. 477

Workers) Act, 1926.

Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) With a view to promoting the provision Schemes by

of housing accommodation for agricultural workers and local authc-

for persons whose economic condition is substantially the rifcie3 -

same as that of such workers or the improvement of such accommodation, local authorities within the meaning

of this Act may and shall if so required by the Minister

of Health (in this Act referred to as " the Minis ter ")

submit to him schemes with respect to the reconstruction and improvement of houses or buildings within their areas and may, in accordance with such schemes when approved by the Minister, give assistance in manner provided in this Act in respect of any such works of reconstruction or improvement.

(2) Provision shall be made by every such scheme

as aforesaid for—

(a) specifying, by reference to the value, after the completion of the proposed works, of the dwellings in respect of which assistance under this Act is to be given, the cases in which such assistance may be given:

(b) specifying the nature of the works, (which may consist of structural alteration, repair, addition,

provision of water supply, drainage or sanitary conveniences, or other like works, but shall not

in any case include works of ordinary repair or

upkeep, except in so far as they are incidental

to or connected with any such works as aforesaid,) in respect of which such assistance may

be given:

(c) specifying the period within which any such works must be completed.

2.—(1) Assistance under this Act may be given Power of either by way of grant or by way of loan, or partly by local autho-

way of grant and partly by Way of loan. nfci ? s to ,

J 0 r J J J make grants

(2) No assistance under this Act shall be given— or loans.

(a) where the value of the dwelling after the completion of the proposed works, as estimated by the local authority, exceeds four hundred pounds: Provided that in arriving *

478

Ch. 56.

Housing (Rural 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Workers) Act, 1926.

at the value of any dwelling any carving or

panelling shall not be taken into account; or

(b) where the estimated cost of the works to be

executed in respect of the dwelling is less than fifty pounds:

Provided that, where the proposed works will constitute an improvement to two or

more dwellings by way of the provision of water supply, drainage, or other works for the joint benefit of the dwellings, assistance may be given if the estimated total cost

of the works (including the cost of any works

to be executed in connection with the joint works but separately in respect of the several dwellings or any of them) is not less than one hundred pounds; or

(c) unless the application for assistance is received

by the local authority before the first day

of October, nineteen hundred and thirty-

one; or

(d) where the interest of the applicant in the house or building in respect of which the works are to be executed is a leasehold interest only, unless that interest is for a

term of years absolute of which a period of not less than thirty years remains unexpired

at the date of the application; or

e) unless the local authority are satisfied that the dwelling will after the completion of the works be in all respects fit for habitation as

a dwelling by persons of the working classes.

(3) The local authority may in* any case refuse to

give assistance under this Act on any grounds which seem to them sufficient and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision) shall refuse to give such assistance if it appears to them that the house or

building in respect of which the works are to be executed cannot, by reason of the narrowness, closeness or bad arrangement or condition of the streets or buildings in

the immediate neighbourhood thereof, be converted into

a dwelling or dwellings which is or are in all respects satisfactory or, in the case of a house or building to

•which any historic, architectural, or artistic interest

192G.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

Ch. 56.

479

attaches, that the proposed works would destroy or

seriously diminish that interest.

(4) The following provisions shall have effect with respect to grants under this section:—

(a) the grant may be made in either of the following ways—

(i) by way of a lump sum payment to be

made after the completion of the works; or

(ii) by the provision, during a period not exceeding twenty years, of any part of any periodical sums which may be payable to any persons by way of interest on or repayment

of advances made by those persons for the purpose of the works;

(b) the amount of the grant shall not exceed either—

(i) two-thircL of the estimated cost of the works in respect of which the grant is to be

made; or

(ii) the sum of one hundred pounds in

respect of each dwelling:

Provided that, where the grant is to be made

by the provision of periodical sums, the amount

of the grant shall be taken to be an amount equal to the capital value of the sums to be so

provided, calculated as on the date of the completion of the works;

(c) in the event of a breach of any of the conditions applicable by virtue of this Act in

relation to. the dwelling in respect of which the grant was made, any sums already paid on

account of the grant, together with compound interest on those sums as from the respective dates on which the payments were made,

calculated at the ^prescribed rate and with yearly rests, shall, on being demanded by the local authority, forthwith become repayable

by the owner for the time being of the dwelling,

and any sum which but for the failure would have become payable by the local authority shall not be paid:

480

Ch. 56.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Provided that, if the local authority in any such case are satisfied that the breach was not due to the act, default, or connivance of the owner, the authority may, with the consent of the Minister and subject to such conditions,

if any, as he may approve, waive the liability

of the owner to make repayment under the foregoing provision, and in the case of a continuing breach may, with the like consent and subject to such conditions as aforesaid, suspend the enforcement of that liability for such period

as appears to them to be necessary for enabling the owner to remedy the breach.

(5) The following provisions shall have effect with respect to loans under this section—

(a) the loan, together with interest thereon at the prescribed rate, shall be secured by a mortgage

of the dwelling;

(6) the amount of the principal of the loan shall not exceed ninety per cent, of the value which it

is estimated the mortgaged security will bear after the completion of the works;

c) the mortgage deed may provide for repayment being made either by instalments of principal or

by an annuity of principal and interest combined, so, however, that in the event of any of the conditions subject to which the advance was made not being complied with in relation

to the dwelling, the balance for the time being unpaid shall become repayable on demand by

the local authority;

(d) the loan may be made by instalments from time

to time as the works progress, so, however, that the total of the loan does not at any time before the completion of the works exceed fifty per cent, of the value for the time being of the mortgaged security;

(e) the loan shall not be made except after a

valuation duly made on behalf of the local authority:

Provided that—

(i) where loans are to be made to the same person in respect of two or more dwellings,

1926.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

Ch. 66.

481

those loans may, if it is so agreed between that person and the local authority, be

secured by a single mortgage charged on all the dwellings jointly, and where two or more loans are so secured this subsection shall have effect as if the several loans constituted

a single loan and as if the expression "the dwelling " included a reference to the several dwellings in respect of which the loans are made; and

(ii) if so agreed as aforesaid, a loan may be secured

on lands of which the site of the dwelling in

respect of which the loan is being made forms part, but nothing in this provision shall authorise the local authority to lend more than the sum which they would have been authorised to lend had the loan been secured only on the dwelling.

(6) The rules contained in the Schedule to this Act

shall apply with respect to applications for and the giving of assistance under this Act.

3.—(l) In the case of a dwelling in respect of which assistance has been given under this Act by way of grant the following conditions shall, subject as hereinafter provided, apply in relation to the dwelling for a

period of twenty years from the date on which it first becomes fit for occupation after the completion of the works and shall so long as they continue to have effect

be deemed to be part of the terms of any lease, agreement for a lease, or tenancy of the dwelling, and shall

be enforceable accordingly:—

(a) The dwelling*shall not be occupied except by a

person, ’ whether as owner or tenant, whose income is, in the opinion of the local authority,

such that he would not ordinarily pay a rent in

excess of that paid by agricultural workers in

the district, or by an agricultural worker or

employee of substantially the same economic condition employed by the person who is rated

in respect of the dwelling;

(b) The rent payable by the occupier in respect of the dwelling shall not exceed the amount of the normal agricultural rent, increased by a sum

Hh

Conditions attaching to

dwellings in

respect of which assistance has been given

by way of grant.

482

Ch. 56.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

equal to three per cent, of the amount by which the estimated cost of the works in respect of which assistance has been given exceeds the amount of the assistance given by way of grant, and no fine, premium or other like sum shall be taken in addition to the rent;

For the purposes of this provision the expression "normal agricultural rent " means—

(i) in the case of a dwelling which had not previously to the execution of the works been, or which was not within the period of five years immediately preceding the execution of the works separately let as such, the rent which the local authority determine

to be the average rent for the time being paid by agricultural workers in the district;

and

(ii) in the case of a dwelling which was separately let as such at any time within the said period of five years, the average amount determined by the local authority

to have been payable by way of rent per week during the period of the letting >

Provided that, if in the case of a dwelling to

which paragraph (ii) applies the amount of the normal agricultural rent payable in respect thereof is by reason of a general increase of rents in the district less than the rent normally paid by agricultural workers in the district, the rent so normally paid shall be taken to be the normal agricultural rent;

(c) The owner of the dwelling shall from time to

time, on being so required by the local authority, give to the authority a certificate to the effect that the foregoing conditions (a) and (b)

are being complied with in respect of the dwelling, and any tenant of the dwelling shall,

on being so required in writing by the owner,

furnish to him such information as he may reasonably require for the purpose of enabling him to comply with this condition;

(d) In the event of the tenant assigning, or otherwise parting wdth the possession of, the dwelling, it

1926.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

Ch. 56.

483

shall not be lawful for any person in consideration thereof to make any payment other than rent or for the tenant to receive, directly or

indirectly, any such payment:

Provided that—

(i) where a dwelling is in the occupation of a

person by whom, having regard to the terms

of paragraph (a) of this subsection, it may properly be occupied and that person subsequently ceases to be such a person the continued occupation of the dwelling by that person shall not, if the local authority have assented thereto and so long as that assent has not been withdrawn, be taken to be in

contravention of the said paragraph; and

(ii) if the Minister after consultation with the local authority so approves, the owner of the dwelling may at any time within the said period of twenty years pay to the local authority the amount of the grant, or of such instalments thereof as have been paid, together with compound interest thereon as from the respective dates on which payments on

• account of the grant were made calculated

at the prescribed rate and with yearly rests,

and thereupon the conditions contained in

this section shall cease to have effect in

relation to that dwelling.

(2) The reference in the proviso to subsection (1)

of this section to the owner of the dwelling shall be

construed as including a reference to a mortgagee of the dwelling who is entitled to exercise his power of sale

as such mortgagee, and any sum paid by a mortgagee

in pursuance of the’ said proviso shall be treated as

being part of the sum secured by the mortgage and may

be discharged accordingly.

(3) Capital money arising under the Settled Land 15 & 16

Act, 1925, may, subject to the provisions of section Geo. 5. c. 18.

seventy-three of that Act, be applied in payment of any sum payable to the local authority under the said proviso.

(4) Section fifteen of the Land Charges Act, 1925, 15 & ig

as amended by the Law of Property (Amendment) Act, Geo. 5. c. 22 .

1926, shall apply to conditions applying by virtue of 16 & 17

T T, ~ Geo. 5. c. 11.

484

Ch. 56.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Government contributions to

expenses of local authorities under

Act.

this section in relation to any dwelling as if they were

a local land charge, and any such conditions shall be

registered accordingly by the proper officer as a local land charge.

(5) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in

any enactment or rule of law relating to the jurisdiction

of county courts, the county court of the district in

which a dwelling is situate may, on the application of the local authority—

(a) whether or not any other relief is claimed, grant

an injunction restraining the breach, or apprehended breach, of any condition applying to

the dwelling by virtue of this section other than the condition imposed by paragraph (c)

of subsection (1) of this section; or

(b) make an order directing payment to the authority

of any sum which has become payable to it by

reason of the breach of any condition applying

to the dwelling by virtue of this section.

4.—(1) The Minister shall, subject to such conditions

as to records, certificates, audit or otherwise as he may with the approval of the Treasury determine and subject

to the provisions of this section, make or undertake to

make contributions towards any expenses incurred by a

local authority in making grants under this Act.

(2) Any such contributions shall be made by way of annual payments for a period of twenty years from the completion of the works in respect of which the grant

is made and shall be an amount equal to one-half of the estimated average annual payments falling to be made

by the local authority in respect of the charges on

account of loans raised by the authority for the purposes

of grants made under this Act, or which would have fallen to be so made if the sums expended by the local authority on account of the grant had been raised by

means of loans.

(3) Where any condition applicable in relation to a

dwelling is not complied with, the local authority shall

be liable to repay to the Minister a sum equal to the amount of the contributions already made by him

in respect of the dwelling, together with compound interest thereon as from the respective dates on which the contributions were made, calculated at the prescribed

1926.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

Ch. 56.

485

rate and with yearly rests, and any sum so repayable shall be recoverable as a debt due to the Crown:

Provided that—

(a) the provisions of this subsection shall not apply if the liability of the owner to make repayment in respect of the breach of the condition has been duly waived in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Act, or

if and so long as the enforcement of that liability is duly suspended in accordance with those provisions, and

(b) if the local authority shows to the satisfaction

of the Minister that, notwithstanding that they have taken all practicable steps for the purpose, they have been unable to recover the whole or some part of the sum which became repayable to them by reason of the breach of the condition, the Minister may remit the repayment of the sum repayable to

him under this subsection up to an amount not exceeding one half of the amount not recovered by the local authority.

(4) 'Where in pursuance of this Act the Minister approves of the repayment of a grant made by the local authority under this Act in respect of any dwelling, the Minister shall not be liable to make any further contribution in respect of that dwelling, and the local authority shall be liable to repay to the Minister a sum equal to

the amount of the contributions already made by him,

together with interest as aforesaid, and any sum so

repayable shall be recoverable as a debt due to the

Crown. .

(5) Any expenses incurred by the Minister under this Act shall be defrayed out of the moneys provided

by Parliament.

5. — (1) The local authority for the purposes of this Act shall be the council of the* county or the council of the county borough:

Provided that, if the Minister either owing to special circumstances, or on application by the council of any county district made to him before the thirty-first day of March, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

thinks fit so to do, he may after consultation with

Local authorities for purposes of Act, borrowing, &c.

Ch. 56.

Housing (Rural 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Workers) Act, 1926.

the county council declare that the council of any county district within the county shall be the local authority for the purposes of this Act to the exclusion

of the council of the county, and any declaration made under the foregoing provision may at any time be

revoked by the Minister after a like consultation.

(2) The council of a county and the council of any county district within the county may, if it appears to

the council of the county that the administration of their scheme under this Act will be thereby facilitated,

enter into arrangements under which the council of the county district may undertake on behalf of the council

of the county any duties connected with the administration of the scheme other than the approval or disapproval

of applications for assistance, the payment of any grant

or loan or instalment of a loan, or the institution of legal proceedings in the event of a breach of any of the conditions subject to which a grant or loan is made.

(3) Any expenses incurred by the local authority in

the execution of this Act shall be defrayed, in the case

of the council of a county, as expenses for general county purposes, and in the case of any other council as part of the expenses of that council in the execution of the

Public Health Acts:

Provided that, in any case where the council of a

county district are the local authority under this Act,

the expenses of the council of the county under this Act

shall be treated as special county purposes restricted to

so much of the administrative county as is not comprised in the county district, and no sum shall be raised

in that district for the purposes of this Act on account

of the expenses of the council of , the county under this Act.

(4) Subject to the, approval of the Minister, a

local authority may borrow any sums required for the purpose of making grants or loans under this Act, in the case of the council of a county, under

51 & 52 Vict, section sixty-nine of the Local Government Act, 1888,

_ and in the case of any other local authority, under

c ° 14 e0 '’Part IV. of the Housing Act, 1925, and the raising of money by a local authority for the purpose aforesaid shall be a purpose for which the Public Works Loan

Commissioners may lend to the local authority.

1926. Housing (Rural Ch. 56. 487

Workers) Act, 1926.

(5) Money borrowed by a local authority under this Act shall not be reckoned as part of the total debt of that authority for the purposes of any limitation on

borrowing imposed by any Act.

6. It is hereby declared that a person to whom Acceptance o£

assistance is given by any local authority under this ^Slqu'aHfy 4

Act, whether by way of grant or by way of loan, is not for member-

thereby disqualified for being elected or being a member

of the authority or of any committee thereof.

7. —(1) A person shall not vote as a member of a Prohibition local authority or any committee thereof on any reso- ? n persons lution or question which is proposed or arises under mt erested this Act if it relates to any house or building in which ^embers

he is beneficially interested. of ] oca j

(2) If any person votes in contravention of this authorities,

section he shall on summary conviction be liable in

respect of each offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, but the fact of a person having so voted shall not invalidate any resolution or proceeding of the local authority.

8 . This Act in its application to Scotland shall have Application effect subject to the following modifications:— to Scotland.

(a) References to the Minister of Health shall be

construed as references to the Scottish Board

of Health, " county court" means " sheriff "

and " injunction" means " interdict ":

(b)" Mortgage " or " mortgage deed" means bond and disposition in security or deed of security

in such other form as the persons concerned may agree and " mortgagor " and " mortgagee "

shall be construed accordingly:

(c) It is hereby declared that the paragraph of subsection (2) of section two which precludes assistance being gifen to persons having a

limited leasehold interest is not applicable in

the case of a landholder within the meaning of the Small Landholders (Scotland) Acts, 1886 to

1919 (in this section referred to as a " landholder "):

(d) In sections two and three " owner " has the same meaning as in the Public Health (Scot- 60 & 61 Vict land) Act, 1897:c. 38.

488 Ch. 56. Housing (Rural 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Workers) Act, 1926.

(e) For the purpose of assistance by way of grant in

relation to a dwelling occupied by a landholder the following provisions shall have effect:—

(i) The landholder or his statutory successor, so long as in occupation of the holding,

shall be deemed to be the owner of the dwelling;

(ii) If, at any time within the period during which conditions apply by virtue of this Act

in relation to the dwelling, compensation becomes payable by the landlord to the landholder under the said Small Landholders

Acts in respect of permanent improvements,

including the dwelling, the local authority may require that such compensation shall be

assessed by the Land Court;

(iii) In assessing such compensation, the

Land Court shall fix the proportion, if any,

thereof as is, in their opinion, attributable to

the grant, and the proportion so fixed shall not be payable to the landholder but shall be

recoverable by the local authority from the landlord;

(iv) Upon payment of such amount the conditions which apply in relation to the dwelling shall cease to have effect, and the local authority shall be liable to repay to

the Scottish Board of Health a sum bearing the same proportion to the amount of the contributions made by the Board in respect

of the dwelling as the amount recoverable by

the local authority from the landlord bears

to the amount of the grant:

(f) Paragraph (a) of subsection (1) of section three shall have effect as if the words "who pays occupier’s rates " were substituted for " who is

rated ":

(g) The following section shall be substituted for section five:—

"5.—(1) The local authority for the purposes of this Act shall be the local authority for the purposes of the Housing (Scotland)

Act, 1925, and any expenses incurred by a

15 Geo. 5.

c. 15.

1926.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

Ch. 56.

489

local authority in the execution of this Act

shall be defrayed in like manner as expenses incurred in the execution of that Act.

(2) The local authority shall have power to

borrow any sums required for the purposes of making grants or loans under this Act in like manner as they may borrow for the purposes

of the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925, and the raising of money by a local authority for the purposes aforesaid shall be a purpose for which the Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend to the local authority."

(h) A reference to the Housing Act, 1925, shall be

construed as a reference to the Housing (Scotland) Act, 1925.

9. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Housing

(Rural Workers) Act, 1926.

(2) This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland

or the administrative county of London.

(3) In this Act unless the context otherwise requires :—

Th§ expression " street " has the same meaning as

in the Housing Act, 1925.

The expression "owner" means the person who is

for the time being receiving, or who if the dwelling were let at a rack-rent would receive, the rack-rent of dwelling:

Provided that, if in any case the person who

by virtue of the foregoing definition would be

the ow T ner of a dwelling is a person himself liable

to pay a rack-rent in respect of the dwelling or

of any property comprising the dwelling to a

superior landlord, that superior landlord and not the person aforesaid shall be deemed to be the owner of the dwelling for the purposes of this Act:

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by

the Minister with the approval of the Treasury.

The expression "rack rent " has the same meaning

as in the Public Health Act, 1875.

Short title,

extent and interpretation.

38 & 39 Vict

e. 55.

490

Ch. 56, 57.

Housing (Rural

Workers) Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Section 2.

Disposal of discontinued prison.

40 & 41 Vict,

c. 53.

SCHEDULE.

Rules as to Applications for and Giving

of Assistance.

1. The applicant for assistance shall furnish to the local authority full particulars of the houses and buildings concerned and of the works proposed to be executed, and a statement

(approved by an officer of the local authority authorised in that behalf) of the estimated cost of the works, and, if so required

by the local authority, plans and specifications thereof.

2. If the local authority approve the application they shall issue to the applicant a certificate of their approval which shall set out the terms and conditions upon which the assistance will

be given.

3. On the completion of the works or in a case where assistance is to be given by way of loan, of such part of the works as the applicant considers will entitle him to payment of an instalment by the local authority, the applicant shall produce the certificate to the local authority and shall satisfy them that the works or part thereof have been executed in

accordance with the terms and conditions of the certificate,

and the local authority shall not be liable to make any loan

or grant or any instalment until they are so satisfied.

CHAPTER 57.

An Act to amend the provisions of the Prisons

(Scotland) Act, 1877, relating to the discontinuance of prisons, and the legalisation of police cells as places of detention. '

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. Where, after the passing of this Act, any prison shall be discontinued by an order made by the Secretary

of State under section thirty-nine of the Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1877, the provisions of section forty of the said

1926.

Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 57, 58.

491

Act shall not apply, and any prison so discontinued shall be sold or otherwise disposed of as the Secretary

of State, with the consent of the Treasury, may direct.

2. —(1) Section thirty of the I’risons (Scotland) Act,

1877 (which relates to the legalising of police cells as

places of detention), shall be amended by the substitution

of the words "thirty days " for the words "fourteen days."

(2) For the purposes of the said section, the county council of Orkney and the county council of Zetland shall be deemed to be the police authorities of the said counties respectively (inclusive of any burghs situate therein except the burgh of Lerwick): Provided always that it shall be the duty of the Prison Commissioners for

Scotland to make such arrangements as may be necessary for the removal of any prisoners confined in police cells in either of the said counties legalised under the said section.

3. This Act may be cited as the Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1926, and this Act and the Prisons (Scotland) Acts,

1860 to 1909, may be cited as the Prisons (Scotland) Acts,

1860 to 1926.

CHAPTER 58.

An Act to increase and extend the powers of the court to inflict penal servitude in lieu of imprisonment in the case of certain crimes.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Where a person is convicted on indictment

of two or more offences to which this Act applies

in respect of which he is liable to be sentenced to terms

of imprisonment amounting in the aggregate to a period

of not less than three years, the court may, instead of sentencing him to imprisonment, sentence him to penal

Amendment

of 40 & 41

Vict. c. 53.

s. 30.

Citation.

Power of court to

substitute penal servitude for consecutive terms of 492

Ch. 58.

Penal Servitude

Act, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

imprisonment.

servitude for any term not exceeding the aggregate period for which he might have been sentenced to

imprisonment, so, however, that no sentence of penal servitude imposed under this section shall be for a term exceeding seven years:

Provided that, if, on an appeal by a person sentenced under this Act to penal servitude in respect of two or more offences with which he was charged on

separate indictments, it appears to the Court of Criminal

Appeal that the appellant, though not properly convicted

on some indictment, has been properly convicted on

some other indictment, the Court shall have the like powers as if the appellant had been convicted of the offences on different counts or parts of the same indictment; but where an appellant convicted of two or more offences, whether on one or more indictments, has been sentenced under this Act to penal servitude in respect of two or more offences and his conviction of any such offence is quashed by the Court of Criminal Appeal, the

Court shall not affirm any sentence passed at the trial or

pass any sentence in substitution therefor which is more severe than would have been warranted by law if the appellant had been acquitted at the trial of any charge

in respect of which his conviction is quashed.

(2) This Act applies to all indictable offences not otherwise punishable by penal servitude except blasphemous or seditious libel and other offences of blasphemy or sedition, unlawful assembly, rout or riot,

offences under any enactment relating to corrupt and illegal practices at elections, and offences of inciting

or attempting or conspiring to commit any such offence

as aforesaid.

r

(3) In the application of subsection (1) of this section

to Scotland

(a) the expression "the court " shall mean the High

Court of Justiciary, and the power to award penal servitude conferred by that subsection shall be exerciseable in the case of a person remitted to the said High Court for sentence under the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Acts,

1887 and 1921, as well as in the case of a

person convicted before the said High Court;

1926.

Penal Servitude

Act, 1926.

Ch. 58, 59.

493

(b) a reference to the Court of Criminal Appeal shall

be construed as a reference to the High Court

of Justiciary in the exercise of its jurisdiction under the Criminal Appeal (Scotland) Act, 1926.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Penal

Servitude Act, 1926.

(2) This Act shall not extend to Northern Ireland.

CHAPTER 59.

An Act to amend the law relating to coroners.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

Qualification, Appointment, and Resignation of Coroners.

1.—(1) From and after the commencement of this Act no person shall be qualified to be appointed to be

a coroner for a county (in this Act referred to as " a

county coroner") or a coroner of a borough (in this Act referred to as "a borough coroner"), or a deputy

or assistant deputy to a county or borough coroner,

unless he is a barrister, solicitor, or legally qualified medical practitioner, of not less than five years standing

in his profession:

Provided that no person who at the commencement

of this Act is, and for a period of not less than five years has been, a franchise coroner or a deputy to a county coroner or to a borough coroner shall by reason of the foregoing provision be disqualified from being appointed

to be a county or borough coroner.

(2) A person shall, so long as he is a mayor, alderman

or councillor of a county or borough and for six months after he ceases to be a mayor, alderman or councillor thereof, be disqualified for being a coroner appointed

by the council of that county or borough or by a joint committee of which any of the members are appointed

16 & 17

Geo. 5. c. 15

Short title and extent

Qualifications and disqualifications.

494

50 & 51 Vict,

c. 71.

Appointment and resignation

of county and borough coroners.

Provisions

as to

coroner for

Isle of Wight.

Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

by that council and for being a deputy of a coroner so

appointed.

(3) A person shall, so long as he is coroner for a

comity or coroner of a borough or a deputy of such coroner, be disqualified for being elected to be and for being a mayor, alderman or councillor of that county or

borough.

(4) Section twelve of the Coroners Act, 1887 (which requires a county coroner to have land in fee in the county), shall cease to have effect.

2. —-(1) On a vacancy occurring in the office of coroner for a county or borough, the council having power to appoint a person to fill the vacancy shall forthwith give notice thereof to the Secretary of State.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Act relating

to the formation and alteration of coroners’ districts,

within three months after the occurrence of a vacancy in

the office of coroner for a county or borough or within such further time as the Secretary of State may allow,

the council having power to appoint a coroner shall appoint a duly qualified person to the office and shall forthwith give notice of the appointment to the Secretary

of State.

(3) A county or borough coroner may resign his office by giving notice in writing to the council having power to appoint his successor, but the resignation shall not take effect unless and until it is accepted by the council.

(4) It shall not be necessary to issue a writ de

coronatore eligendo or a writ de coronatore exonerando

in respect of the appointment or resignation of a county

or borough coroner.

(5) Nothing in this section shall prejudice or affect the jurisdiction of the Lord Chancellor or of any court with respect to the removal of coroners.

3. If His Majesty is pleased to declare in Council that it is his will to relinquish his right of appointing a

person to fill the office of coroner for the Isle of Wight,

then, on a vacancy in that office occurring at any time thereafter, the Isle of Wight County Council shall have power to appoint a person to fill the vacancy, and the provisions of this Act and of any other enactment relating to the office of county coroner or to county

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

495

coroners shall apply accordingly to the office of coroner and to the coroner for the Isle of Wight.

4. — (1) The right of any person having power to Abolition of appoint a franchise coroner shall cease on the next franchise vacancy in the office which occurs after the passing coroner-

of this Act, and for all purposes relating to coroners sill P s '

the area in which the franchise coroner had jurisdiction shall thereupon, if and so far as it is situated

in a borough the council of which have power to appoint

a borough coroner, be merged in the borough, and if and

so far as it is not situated in such a borough, be merged

in the county.

(2) Where the area or part of the area in which a

franchise coroner had jurisdiction is merged in a county which is divided into coroners’ districts, any consequential alteration of the division of the county into coroners’ districts shall be effected in manner provided

by this Act.

(3) The power of appointing a franchise coroner within the liberties of the Duchy of Lancaster or within any of those liberties may be relinquished by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster under his hand and seal on 1 behalf of His Majesty, and if so relinquished shall

be extinguished, and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply as respects the area in which any coroner appointed under the power so relinquished had jurisdiction, but save as aforesaid nothing in this section shall apply to His Majesty in right of his Duchy of Lancaster.

(4) If His Majesty is pleased to declare in Council that it is his will to relinquish his right of appointing a

person to fill the office of coroner for the jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, thereupon the office of coroner for the jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England shall be

hereby abolished.

(5) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply with respect to—

(a) the King's coroner and attorney; or

(b) the coroner of the King’s Household; or

(c) the coroner for the City of London; or

(d) the coroner for the Isles of Seilly.

(6) This section shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

496

Salaries of county and borough coroners.

45 & 46 Vict,

c. 50.

Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

Salaries and Pensions.

5.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section every council having power to appoint a coroner shall pay to every county or borough coroner appointed by

them an annual salary at such rate as may be fixed by

agreement between them and the coroner.

(2) If at any time a coroner and the council by

whom his salary is payable are unable to agree with respect to any proposed alteration of the rate of salary,

the Secretary of State may, upon the application either

of the coroner or of the council, fix the rate of the salary

at such rate as he thinks proper, and thereupon the rate so fixed by the Secretary of State shall come into force as from such date as he may determine, not being

a date less than three years from the date when the rate of salary came into force as last fixed, unless in the opinion of the Secretary of State the coroner’s area or

district has in the meantime been materially altered.

(3) In fixing the rate of salary payable to a coroner under this section regard shall be had to the nature and extent of his duties and to all the circumstances of the case.

(4) The salary payable under this section to a

borough coroner shall be instead of the fees and allowances specified in the Fourth Schedule to the

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882, and the additional payment mentioned in subsection (2) of section twenty-

seven of the Coroners Act, 1887, or the remuneration payable under any Act or Provisional Order confirmed

by an Act, as the case may be, and no such fees,

allowances, additional payment or remuneration as

aforesaid shall be payable to a borotigh coroner after the commencement of this Act.

(5) As respects coronets holding office at the commencement of this Act—

(a) every coroner to whom a salary is, at the commencement of this Act, payable by the council

of any county shall for the purposes of this section be deemed to have been appointed by

that council and to be a county coroner; and

(b) the salary of a county coroner shall, subject to

any alteration which may subsequently be

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

497

made under this section, continue to be payable

at the rate in force at the commencement of this Act; and

(c) the salary of a borough coroner shall in default

of agreement between him and the council by

whom his salary is payable be at a rate fixed

by the Secretary of State.

6.—(1) Upon the retirement of any county or

borough coroner after not less than five years service,

the council by whom his salary is payable shall have power—

(a) if ho has attained the age of sixty-five years;

or

(b) if they are satisfied by means of a medical certificate that he is incapable from infirmity

of mind or body of discharging the duties of his office, and that such incapacity is likely to

be permanent,

to giant to him a pension of such amount as may be

agreed upon between him and the council not exceeding the scale contained in the First Schedule to this Act:

Provided that the provisions of this section shall not apply with respect to any coroner holding office at the date of the commencement of this Act unless upon his application a resolution applying those provisions to him

is passed by the council by whom his salary is payable.

(2) A county or borough coroner with respect to

whom the provisions of this section apply shall at any time after he has .completed fifteen years service and has attained *the age of sixty-five years, vacate his office if called* upon to do so by the council by whom bis salary is payable, but shall, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, in that case be entitled to receive the maximum pension which the council is empowered having regard to the length, of his service to grant to

him under this section.

(3) For the purposes of this section the expression

" service" means service, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, as a coroner in the county

or borough of the council by whom the pension is

payable.

Ii

Super-

annuation

of county and borough coroners.

498

Payment of salaries and pensions.

Expenses of local authorities upon salaries and pensions.

Amendment

of 55 & 56

Vict. c. 56.

s. 1 (3).

Appointment of deputy by

coroner of King’s

household.

Appointment of assistant deputy coroner.

Ch 59- Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

7. The salary of a county or borough coroner and any pension payable to a person in respect of his service as a coroner, shall be deemed to accrue from day

to day, and, hi the absence of agreement to the contrary,

shall be payable quarterly.

8. All expenses incurred under this Act by a council upon the salary or pension payable in respect of a county coroner shall be defrayed as expenses for special county purposes, and all expenses so incurred upon the salary or

pension payable in respect of a borough coroner shall be

defrayed out of the borough fund.

Deputy Coroners and Assistant Deputy Coroners .

9. So much of subsection (3) of section one of the

Coroners Act, 1892, as requires the necessity of a deputy coroner’s acting for a borough coroner to be certified by

a justice of the peace shall cease to have effect.

10. The Coroners Act, 1892 (which relates to the appointment and powers of deputy coroners) shall apply with the necessary modifications to the coroner of the

King’s household as it applies to county and borough coroners, and in particular with the modifications that the appointment of a deputy, to the coroner of the

King’s household shall be subject to the approval of the

Lord Steward of the King’s household, and duplicates of such appointments shall be sent to and kept by him.

11. —(1) Any county or borough coroner may, in

addition to the deputy whom he is required to appoint under section one of the Coroners Act, 1892, appoint an

assistant deputy to act for the coroner.

(2) An assistant deputy may act for the coroner on

any occasion when the deputy coroner would be entitled

to act for the coroner but is unable so to act owing to

illness or absence for any reasonable cause, and, in the event of the coroner vacating his office by death or

otherwise, may act for the deputy coroner in like manner while the office of coroner is vacant.

(3) The appointment of an assistant deputy shall be

made in the like manner and subject to the like approval

as the appointment of a deputy coroner, and shall be

revocable at any time by the coroner by WTiting under his hand: duplicates of any such appointment or

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

499

revocation shall be sent to and preserved by the council who appointed the coroner in like manner as duplicates

of the appointment of a deputy coroner.

(4) Subsection (5) of the said section one of the

Coroners Act, 1892, shall apply as respects any inquest

or act which an assistant deputy of a coroner is authorised to hold or do, with the substitution of a reference

to an assistant deputy for the reference to a deputy.

Coroners’ Districts.

12.—(1) A county council may at any time, and shall if directed to do so by the Secretary of State,

submit, after complying with such requirements as to

notice and consideration of objections as may be

prescribed, to the Secretary of State a draft order providing for the division of the county into such coroners ’

districts as they think expedient, or for such alteration of any existing division of the county into coroners’ districts

as appears to them to be suitable; and the Secretary

of State after taking into consideration any objections

to the draft made in the prescribed manner and within the prescribed time, may make the order, either in the terms, of the draft submitted to him or with such modifications as he thinks fit.

(2) Every order made under this section shall come into force as from such date as may be specified in the order, and may be varied or revoked by any subsequent order made in like manner.

(3) If by reason of any order made under this section it is in the opinion of the Secretary of State necessary that the number of coroners for a county should be increased, the county council shall appoint such number of additional coroners for the county as

the Secretary of State may direct, and the provisions

of this Act relating to appointments to the office of county coroner shall apply with respect to any such appointment as if a vacancy had occurred in the office

of coroner for that county. .

(4) Sections five, nineteen and twenty of the

Coroners Act, 1844 (which relate to the assignment of districts to county coroners and to the residence and jurisdiction of county coroners within counties assigned

to them) shall, as amended by any subsequent enactment, apply to districts formed or altered and to coroners

Formation and alteration of county coroners '

districts.

7 & 8 Vict,

c. 92.

500

Ch. 59.

56 & 57 Vict,

o. 66.

Power to

hold inquest without a

jury in certain cases.

Coroners (Amendment)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

appointed under this Act as they apply to districts formed under that Act and to coroners appointed under writs de coronatore eligendo.

(5) Every order made under this section shall

be laid as soon as may be before both Houses of Parliament and shall be published in the London

Gazette, and particulars of any order so made shall

be published by the county council in such manner as

may be prescribed.

(6) Section one of the Rules Publication Act, 1893,

shall not apply to any order made under this section.

(7) In this section the expression "prescribed "

means prescribed by the Secretary of State either by

general rules or by directions given as respects any particular occasion.

Inquests.

13.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

a coroner within whose jurisdiction the dead body of a

person is lying, may, in Lieu of summoning a jury in the manner required by section three of the Coroners Act,

1887, for the purpose of inquiring into the death of that person, hold an inquest on the body without a jury.

(2) If it appears to the coroner either before he

proceeds to hold an inquest or in the course of an

inquest begun without a jury, that there is reason to

suspect—

(a) that the deceased came by his death by murder,

manslaughter or infanticide; or

(b) that the death occurred in prison or in such place or in such circumstances 'as to require

an inquest under any Act other than the

Coroners Act, 1887; or

(c) that the death was caused by an accident,

poisoning or disease notice of which is required

to be given to % government department, or

to any inspector or other officer of a government department, under or in pursuance of any

Act; or

(d) that the death was caused by an accident arising out of the use of a vehicle in a street

or public highway; or

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

501

(e) that the death occurred in circumstances the continuance or possible recurrence of which is

prejudicial to the health or safety of the public

or any section of the public;

he shall proceed to summon a jury in the maimer required

by the Coroners Act, 1887, and in any other case, if it

appears to him, either before he proceeds to hold an

inquest or in the course of an inquest begun without

a jury, that there is any reason for summoning a jury,

he may proceed to summon a jury in the manner aforesaid.

(3) The provisions of any enactment relating to the procedure in connection with an inquest shall, as respects

an inquest or any part of an inquest which is held without a jury, have effect subject to such modifications

as are rendered necessary by the absence of a jury, and where the whole of an inquest is held without a jury the inquisition shall be under the hand of the coroner alone.

(4) Where an inquest or any part of an inquest is

held without a jury, anything done at the inquest, or at

that part of the inquest, by or before the coroner alone shall be as validly done as if it had been done by or

before the coroner and a jury.

14. —(1) At or before the first sitting of an inquest View of the

on a body, the coroner shall view the body, and if, before body and the body has been buried, the coroner so directs, or a bunal order,

majority of the jury so desires, the body shall be viewed

by the jury also:

Provided that, where a previous inquest on the body has been begun but not completed, it shall not be

obligatory upn the coroner holding a subsequent inquest

to view the body.

(2) Subject to the provisions of any rules made under this Act an order of ’a coroner authorising the burial of a body upon which he has decided to hold an

inquest may be issued at any time after he has viewed the body. *

15. —(1) If the jury at an inquest fails to agree Failure of on a verdict, and the minority consists of not more jury than two, the coroner may accept the verdict of a g ree -

the majority, and the majority shall, in that case,

certify the verdict in accordance with the requirements

502

Power of coroner to

arrange for removal of body out of his jurisdiction.

Inquests where

several deaths arise from one accident.

Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

of subsection (3) of section four of the Coroners Act,

1887.

(2) In any other case of disagreement the coroner may discharge the jury and issue a warrant for summoning another jury, and thereupon the inquest shall proceed in all respects as if the proceedings which terminated in the disagreement had not taken place,

except that it shall not be obligatory on the coroner to

view the body.

16. —(1) If it appears to a coroner that an inquest ought to be held on a body lying within his jurisdiction but that it is expedient to allow or necessary to order the body to be removed into the jurisdiction of another coroner, he may with the consent of that coroner,

instead of himself summoning a jury or holding an

inquest on the body, allow or order the removal of the body to any place to which that coroner could have allowed or ordered the body to be removed if it had been within his jurisdiction.

(2) An order made by a coroner under this section may provide for the body to be removed back to any place within his jurisdiction at such time as may be

directed by the coroner by whom the inquest is to be

held after he has viewed the body, and upon such direction being given by that coroner the removal of the body out of his jurisdiction shall not affect his powers and duties in relation to the inquest.

(3) The expenses of any removal ordered by a

coroner under this section shall be defrayed as part

of the expenses incurred by him in the course of his duties and not as part of the expenses of the coroner by

whom the inquest is held.

17. Where the bodies of two or more persons whose deaths appear to have been caused by the same accident

or occurrence are lying within the jurisdiction of different coroners, and it is for any reason impracticable for the coroners to agree as to the removal into the jurisdiction

of one coroner of all the bodies or of such of them as it

seems expedient to remove, the Secretary of State may,

if in his opinion it is in the public interest so to do,

give directions for the removal of any of the bodies into such area as he may determine in which one of the coroners has jurisdiction, and may also give directions

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

503

for the subsequent removal of any body to any place within the jurisdiction from which it was removed, and for the adjustment of the expenses of and in connection with the inquests on the bodies removed, and the inquests shall be held and the bodies shall be removed and the expenses shall be defrayed in accordance with those directions.

18. Where a coroner has reason to believe that a

death has occurred in or near the area within which he

has jurisdiction in such circumstances that an inquest ought to be held, and that owing to the destruction of the body by fire or otherwise or to the fact that the body is lying in a place from which it cannot be

recovered, an inquest cannot be held except by virtue

of the provisions of this section, he may report the facts to the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of State may, if he considers it desirable so to do, direct an

inquest to be held touching the death, and an inquest shall be held accordingly by the coroner making the report

or such other coroner as the Secretary of State may direct, and the law relating to coroners and coroners ’

inquests shall apply with such modifications as may be

necessary in consequence of the inquest being held otherwise than on or after view of a body lying within the coroner’s jurisdiction.

19. For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared,

without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of section six of the Coroners Act, 1887, that the powers of the High Court under that section extend to and may be

exercised in any case where the Court is satisfied that

by reason of the discovery of new facts or evidence it is

necessary or cfesirablp in the interests of justice that an

inquisition on'an inquest previously held concerning a

death should be quashed, and that another inquest should

be held.

20. —(1) If on an inquest touching a death the coroner is informed before the jury have given their verdict that some person has been charged before examining justices with the murder, manslaughter or

infanticide of the deceased, he shall, in the absence of reason to the contrary, adjourn the inquest until after the conclusion of the criminal proceedings and may if

he thinks fit discharge the jury.

Inquest where body destroyed

or irrecover-

able.

Effect of 50 & 51

Vict. o. 71

s. 6.

Amendments with respect to

inquests in

cases of murder,

manslaughter or

infanticide.

504 Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment) 10 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(2) After the conclusion of the criminal proceedings the coroner may, subject as hereinafter provided,

resume the adjourned inquest if he is of opinion that there is sufficient cause to do so:

Provided that, if in the course of the criminal proceedings any person has been charged on indictment,

then upon the resumed inquest no inquisition shall charge that person with an offence of which he could have been convicted on the indictment or contain any finding which is inconsistent with the determination of any matter by the result of those proceedings.

(3) Where a coroner resumes an inquest which has been adjourned in accordance with the requirements of this section and the jury has been discharged, the coroner shall proceed in all respects as if the inquest had not previously been begun, and the provisions of this Act shall apply accordingly as if the resumed inquest were a fresh inquest except that it shall not be obligatory

on the coroner to view the bodj r .

(4) If, having regard to the result of the criminal proceedings, the coroner decides not to resume the inquest,

he shall furnish the registrar of deaths with a certificate stating the result of the criminal proceedings and the particulars necessary for the registration of the death so

far as they have been ascertained at the inquest, and the registrar shall enter the death and particulars in the form and manner prescribed by regulations under the Registration Acts.

(5) It shall be the duty of the clerk to the examining justices before whom a person is charged with murder,

manslaughter or infanticide to inform the coroner who

is responsible for holding an inquest upon the body of the making of the charge, and of the committal for trial

or discharge, as the case may be, of the person charged,

and it shall be the .duty of the clerk of any court to

which a person charged with murder, manslaughter or

infanticide is committed for trial, and of the Registrar of the court before which any appeal from a conviction of murder, manslaughter or infanticide is heard, to inform the coroner of the result of the proceedings.

(6) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" the criminal proceedings" means the proceedings before examining justices and before any court to which the accused person is committed for trial or before which

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

505

an appeal from the conviction of that person is heard,

and criminal proceedings shall not be deemed to be

concluded until no further appeal can, without an

extension of time being granted by the Court of Criminal

Appeal, be made in the course thereof.

Post-mortem and Special Examinations.

21.—(1) Where a coroner is informed that the dead body of a person is lying within his jurisdiction and there is reasonable cause to suspect that the person has died a sudden death of which the cause is unknown,

if the coroner is of opinion that a post-mortem examination may prove an inquest to be unnecessary he may direct any legally qualified medical practitioner whom,

if an inquest were held, he would be entitled under section twenty-one of the Coroners Act, 1887, to summon

as a medical witness or may request any other legally qualified medical practitioner, to make a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased and to report the result thereof to him in writing, and for the purposes

of the examination the coroner and any person directed

or requested by him to make the examination shall have the like powers, authorities and immunities as if the examination were a post-mortem examination directed

by the coroner at an inquest upon the body of the deceased.

(2) If as a result of such a post-mortem examination

as aforesaid the coroner is satisfied that an inquest is

unnecessary, he shall send to the registrar of deaths whose duty it is by law to register the death a certificate under his hand stating the cause of death as

disclosed by the repprt, and the registrar shall make an

entry in the Register or margin thereof accordingly in

the form and manner prescribed under the Registration

Acts.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be construed as

authorising the coroner to dispense with an inquest in

any case where there is reasonable cause to suspect that the deceased has died either a violent or an unnatural death, or has died in prison, or in such place or in

such circumstances as to necessitate the holding of an

inquest in accordance with the requirements of any Act

other than the Coroners Act, 1887.

Postmortem examination without inquest.

506

Ch. 59.

Power of coroner to

request specially qualified persons to

make postmortem and special examinations.

Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

22.—(1) Without prejudice to the power of a coroner holding an inquest to direct a medical witness whom he

may summon under section twenty-one of the Coroners

Act, 1887, to make a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased, the coroner may, at any time after

he has decided to hold an inquest, request any legally qualified medical practitioner to make—

(a) a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased; or

(b) a special examination by way of analysis, test or

otherwise of such parts or contents of the body

. or such other substances or things as ought in

the opinion of the coroner to be submitted to

analyses, tests or other special examination with a view to ascertaining how the deceased

. came by his death;

or to make both such examinations, or may request any person whom he considers to possess special qualifications for conducting such a special examination as aforesaid

(in this Act referred to as a " special examination ") to

make the special examination.

(2) If any person who has made such a postmortem or special examination as aforesaid is summoned

by the coroner as a witness, he may be asked to give evidence as to his opinion upon any matter arising out

of the examination, and as to how in his opinion the deceased came by his death.

(3) The provisions of this Act prescribing the fees payable to medical witnesses shall not apply with respect

to any examination made at the request of the coroner under this section, but the fees payable in respect of any such examination shall be such as may be prescribed by

the schedule of fees, allowances, and disbursements made

by a local authority under section twenty-five of the

Coroners Act, 1887, or by rules made by the Secretary of State under this Act.

(4) Where a person states upon oath before the coroner that in his belief the death of the deceased was caused partly or entirely by the improper or negligent treatment of a medical practitioner or other person, that medical practitioner or other person shall not be allowed

to perform or assist at any post-mortem or special examination made for the purposes of the inquest on the

1926.

Coroner8 (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

507

deceased, but such medical practitioner or other person shall have the right, if he so desires, to be represented

at any such'post-mortem examination.

23. The fees payable to a legally qualified medical practitioner who has made any post-mortem examination

by the direction or at the request of a coroner, or who has attended an inquest in obedience to a summons of a

coroner under the Coroners Act, 1887, shall (save as in

this Act otherwise expressly provided) be as follows, that

is]to say:—

(a) for attending to give evidence at any inquest whereat no post-mortem examination has been made by the practitioner, one-and-a half guineas for each day on which he is required to attend;

and

(b) for making a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased and reporting the result thereof to the coroner without attending to

give evidence at an inquest, two guineas; and

(c) for making a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased (including the making of . a report, if any, of the result thereof to the ooroner) and for attending to give evidence at

an inquest on the body, three guineas for the first day and one-and-a-half guineas for each subsequent day on which the practitioner is

required to attend:

Provided that no fee or remuneration shall be paid

to a medical practitioner for the purpose of a postmortem examination instituted without the previous direction or request of the coroner.

24. —(1) Where by the direction or at the request

of a coroner a post-mortem examination of a body is to

be made, the coroner may, subject as hereinafter provided,

order the removal of the body to any place which may

be provided for the purpose either wit h in his jurisdiction

or within any adjoining area in which another coroner has jurisdiction:

Provided that the coroner shall not under this section order the removal of the body to any place other than a place within his jurisdiction provided by a

sanitary authority or nuisance authority except with the

Fees to

medical witnesses.

Power of removal of body for postmortem examination.

508 Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

consent of the person or authority by whom the place is

provided.

(2) Where a coroner orders under this section the removal of a body to any place outside his jurisdiction,

he may authorise the burial of the body after examination, notwithstanding that it is outside his j urisdiction,

and if he does not do so he shall order the removal

of the body after examination to a place within his jurisdiction.

(3) The removal of a body in pursuance of an order made by a coroner under this section to any place outside his jurisdiction shall not affect his powers and duties in relation to the body or the inquest thereon, nor shall it confer or impose any rights, powers or duties upon any other coroner.

(4) The expenses of any removal ordered by a

coroner under this section shall be defrayed as part of the expenses incurred by him in the course of his duties.

Miscellaneous and General.

Procedure 25.—(1) Where a coroner’s inquisition charges any where per- person with murder, manslaughter or infanticide, the son charged coroner shall, subject to any rules made under this inauteition 8 section, have the like powers as to committing that person for trial as might be exercised by examining justices if he were charged before them.

(2) The Lord Chancellor may, subject to the express provisions of this and of any other Act, make rales for regulating the practice and procedure in relation to proceedings in the case of persons charged by a coroner’s

inquisition with murder, manslaughter or infanticide,

and such rules may apply to such proceedings the provisions of sections eleven, thirteen, and fourteen of 15 & 16 the Criminal Justice Act, '1925, and of any other enact-

Geo. 5. c. 86. me nt relating to venue in indictable offences and to the power of justices to bind over witnesses and to commit

to convenient assizes, with such modifications as may be

necessary for giving effect to the provisions of this section.

5 & 6 Geo. 5. (3) Rules shall not be made under the Indictments

c. 90. Act, 1915, with respect to any matter for the regulation

of which the Lord Chancellor is empowered to make

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

509

rules under this Act, and no rules contained in or

made under that Act shall apply to coroner’s inquisitions except in so far as they may be applied thereto by

rules made under this Act.

26. The Lord Chancellor ma\q with the concurrence Power to

of the Secretary of State, make rules for regulating the make rules,

practice and procedure at or in connection with inquests and post-mortem examinations and, in particular (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provision),

such rules may provide—

(a) as to the procedure at inquests held without a

jury; and

(b) as to the issue by coroners of orders authorising burials; and

(c) for empowering a coroner or his deputy or

assistant deputy to alter the date fixed for the holding of any adjourned inquest within the jurisdiction of the coroner; and

(d) as to the procedure to be followed where a

coroner decides not to resume an adjourned

. inquest; and

(e) as to the notices to be given and as to the variation or discharge of any recognisances entered into by jurymen or witnesses where the date fixed for an adjourned inquest is altered

or where a coroner decides not to resume an

adjourned inquest.

27. The power of the Lord Chancellor under this Prescription

Act to make rules with respect to any matter shall of forms,

include power to prescribe by such rules the forms to be

used in connection with that matter and to revoke or

amend any forms which are directed or authorised by or

under any statute to be used in connection with that matter and to substitute new forms for any of such forms. *

28. — (1) Section twenty-eight of the Coroners Act, Coroners ’

1887, under which borough coroners are required to returns,

furnish yearly returns to the Secretary of State shall apply to all other coroners in like manner as it applies

to borough coroners.

510

Amendments as to

payments

to or by

coroners.

Consequential and minor

amendments

of 50 & 51

Vict. c. 71.

Repeals.

Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

(2) In addition to the yearly returns to be furnished under the said section, every coroner shall, as and when required by the Secretary of State, furnish to the

Secretary of State returns in relation to inquests held and deaths inquired into by him in such form and containing such particulars as the Secretary of State may direct.

29. —(1) The power of a local authority under section twenty-five of the* Coroners Act, 1887, to make

a schedule of fees, allowances and disbursements which may lawfully be paid and made by a coroner on the holding of an inquest, shall be extended so as to permit any schedule so made to include any fees, allowances and disbursements which may lawfully be paid and made by a coroner in the course of his duties.

(2) The Secretary of State may make rules prescribing—

(a) the fees payable to coroners Or other persons for furnishing copies of inquisitions, depositions or

other documents in their custody relating to an

inquest, whether furnished under subsection (5)

of section eighteen of the Coroners Act, 1887,

or otherwise;

(b) the fees, allowances and disbursements which may lawfully he^paid or made by a coroner

(other than such fees payable to medical witnesses as are prescribed by section twenty-

three of this Act) where in the opinion of the

Secretary of State adequate provision is not made therefor by a schedule of fees under section twenty-five of the said Act.

30. The amendments in the second column of the

Second Schedule to this Act (which relate to consequential matters and to matters of minor detail) shall

be made in the provisions of the Coroners Act, 1887,

specified in the first column of that schedule.

31. Subject as hereinafter provided the enactments mentioned in the Third Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed to the extent specified in the third column of that schedule:

Provided that any Order in Council made under section four of the Coroners Act, 1844, shall continue in

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

511

force and shall have effect as if it were an order providing for the division of a county into coroners’ districts or for the alteration of an existing division of a

county into coroners’ districts, as the case may be, made

by the Secretary of State under this Act.

32. From and after the occurrence of the next vacancy in the office of coroner for the city of London,

the provisions of this Act and of any other enactment relating to the office of borough coroner or to borough coroners shall apply with respect to the city of London

as if the common council were the local authority and

as if the coroner for the city of London were a borough coroner, and any expenses of the common council under the said enactments shall be defrayed out of the general rate.

33. The provisions of the Yorkshire Coroners Act,

1897, and of the Lincolnshire Coroners Act, 1899, which relate respectively to the constitution of the ridings of Yorkshire and the divisions of Lincolnshire as separate counties for the purposes of the Coroners Acts, 1844,

1887 and 1892, shall apply for the purposes of this Act

as they apply for the purposes of those Acts.

34. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Coroner's

(Amendment) Act, 1926, and this Act and the Coroners

Acts, 1887 and 1892, may be cited together as the

Coroners Acts, 1887 to 1926.

(2) Except where the context otherwise requires,

references in this Act to the Coroners Act, 1887, and to

the Coroners Act, 1892, shall be construed as references

to those Acts as amended by this Act and this Act shall

be construed as one with those Acts.

(3) This Act shall not extend to Scotland or to

Northern Ireland.

(4) Save as is in this Act otherwise expressly provided, this Act shall come into operation on the first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

Application

of Coroners

Acts to city

of London.

Application

of enactments relating to

ridings of Yorkshire and divisions of Lincolnshire.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 39.

62 & 63 Vict

c. 48.

Short title,

citation,

construction, extent and commencement.

512

Ch. 59,

Section

Section

Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

6. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Scale oe Pensions.

1. An annual pension not exceeding ten-sixtieths of the last annual salary may be granted after the completion of a

period of service of five years.

2. Where the period of service completed exceeds five years,

there may be granted an annual pension not exceeding ten-

sixtieths of the last annual salary, with the addition of an amount not exceeding one-fortieth of the last annual salary for each completed year’s service after five years, so, however, that no

such annual pension shall be of an amount exceeding two-thirds

of the last annual salary.

3. For the purposes of this schedule the last annual salary

of a coroner shall be taken to be the salary paid to him in respect

of his last completed year of service as coroner, after deducting

so much if any of that salary as was paid to the coroner with

a # view to his providing at his own expense for any n'ecessary expenditure in connection with his duties as coroner, and if any dispute arises as to the amount to be deducted under this paragraph in computing the salary of a coroner the dispute shall

be referred to the Secretary of State whose decision thereon shall

be final and conclusive.

so. SECOND SCHEDULE. ‘

t

Consequential and' Minor Amendments to

Coroners Act, 1887.

Enactment amended. Amendment.

Section 3 - In subsection (1) for the words "twelve nor more than twenty-three " there shall be substituted the words "seven nor more than eleven, "

and in subsection (3) there shall be substituted for the word "twelve " the word "seven."

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

513

Enactment amended.

Section 5

Section 7

Section 8

Section 18

Section 19

Section 21

Amendment.

■ In subsection (1) the words "against the person

so charged " shall cease to have effect.

• In subsection (1) the words "and where a body

" is found dead in the sea, or any creek,

" river, or navigable canal within the flowing

" of the sea where there is no deputy coroner

" for the jurisdiction of the Admiralty of " England, the inquest shall be held only

" by the coroner having jurisdiction in the

" place where the body is first brought to

" land, " shall cease to have effect, and in

subsections (2) and (3) the words "or a

" coroner or deputy coroner for the jurisdic-

" tion of the Admiralty of England " shall cease to have effect.

- In subsection (2) the words "if he is a coroner

" for a county, a writ shall issue for an

" election of another coroner, and if he is a

" coroner of a borough, the council of the

" borough, and if he is a coroner for a

" franchise the lord or other person or persons

" entitled to the appointment of the coroner,

" shall forthwith proceed to appoint " shall cease to have effect, and there shall be

inserted after the words "another coroner "

the words "shall be appointed in like

" manner".

- In paragraph (1) the words "and in the case of " minder or manslaughter also under the

’ " seals " shall cease to have effect; in para-

* graph (3) the words "of the finding of the

" jury " shall cease to have effect; and paragraph (6) shall cease to have effect.

• In subsection (2) there shall be substituted for the words "forty shillings " the words "five

" pounds."

■ In subsections (2) and (3) the words "with or

" without an analysis of the contents of the

" stomach or intestines " shall cease to have effect.

Kk

2nd Sch.

— cont.

514 Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment)16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

2nd Sch.

— cont.

Enactment amended.

Amendment.

Section 25 - The words " on the holding of an inquest " shall cease to have effect, and there shall be substituted for the words "the coroner holding

" such inquest " the words "a coroner in the

" course of his duties."

Section 26 - The words " not exceeding the fees fixed by this

" Act " shall cease to have effect, and there shall be substituted for the words "sums set

" forth in the schedule of fees for the time

" being in force under this Act, and the sums

" so paid " the words "fees, allowances and

" disbursements which may be lawfully paid

" or made under this Act, and any fees, allow-

" ances or disbursements so paid or made."

Section 27 - In subsection (1) there shall be substituted for the words "holding an inquest, cause a full

" and true account of all sums paid " the words "paying or making any fees, allowances

" or disbursements in accordance with the

" provisions of this Act, cause a full and true

" account of all fees, allowances, and dis-

" bursements so paid or made ": in subsection (2) the words "with the addition, in

" the case of a coroner of a borough, of six

" shillings and eight pence for each inquest "

shall cease to have effect.

Section 31. THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Short Tifle.

Extent of Repeal.

7 & 8 Vict.

The Coroners Act,

Sections two, three, four and

c. 92.

1844.

twenty-one.

23 & 24 Vict.

The County Coroners

The whole Act so far as

c. 116.

Act, 1860.

unrepealed.

1926.

Coroners (Amendment)

Act, 1926.

Ch. 59.

515

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

36 & 37 Vict.

The Langbaurgh Coro-

In section three, the third

c. 81.

ners Act, 1873.

paragraph.

45 & 46 Vict.

The Municipal Corpo-

Subsections (3) and (4) of c. 50.

rations Act, 1882.

section one hundred and seventy-one; in the Fourth

Schedule, paragraph 3;

and in the Fifth Schedule the words in paragraph 4

of Part II. thereof " and

" under this Act to the

" borough coroner".

50 & 51 Vict.

The Coroners Act,

In section four in sub-

o. 71.

1887.

section (1) thereof the words "and jury " and the words "view the body,

" and the coroner shall, "

in subsection (3) thereof the words V viewing the

" body and ", and subsection (5) thereof; in section five in subsection (1)

thereof the words "against

" the person so charged; "

in section seven in subsection (1) thereof the words from " and where a

" body " to the end of the subsection, and in subsections (2) and (3) thereof the words "or a coroner

" or a deputy coroner for

" the jurisdiction of the

" Admiralty of Eng-

" land"; in section eight

in subsection (2) thereof the words from "if he is

" a coroner for a county "

to " appoint "; section twelve; in section eighteen

in paragraph (1) thereof the words "and in the

" case of murder or man-

" slaughter also under the

K k 2 '

" seals ", in paragraph (3)

516 Ch. 59. Coroners (Amendment) 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Act, 1926.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

60 & 51 Vict,

c. 71— cont.

Extent of Repeal.

thereof the words "of " the finding of the

" jury", and paragraph

(6) thereof; in section twenty-one in subsections

(2) and (3) thereof the words "with or without

" an analysis of the con-

" tents of the stomach

" or intestines"; section twenty - two; section twenty-four; in section twenty-five the words

"on the holding of an

" inquest "; in section twenty-six the words

" not exceeding the fees

" fixed by this Act ";

section twenty-seven, in

subsection (2) thereof the words from " with the

" addition" to "in-

" quest"; in. section twenty-eight the words

" of a borough "; in section thirty-nine, paragraph

(2) thereof.

56 & 56 Vict,

c. 56.

The Coroners Act,

1892.

In section one—in subsection (1) thereof the words "not being an

" alderman or councillor of " such, council"; in sub-

1 section (3) thereof, the words from "In the case

of " to the end of the subsection, and, in subsection (4) thereof, the words "and one certificate

" may extend to the

" period of the vacancy ";

and subsection (6).

7 & 8 Geo. 5.

o. 19.

The Coroners (Emergency Provisions)

Act, 1917.

The whole Act.

1926.

517

Coroners (Amendment) Ch. 59, 60.

Act, 1926.

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

8 & 9 Geo. 5.

The Juries Act, 1918 -

The whole Act so far as in

c. 23.

force.

11 & 12 Geo.5.

The Coroners Act, 1921

The whole Act so far as it

c. 30.

relates to coroners paid out of county or borough rates.

CHAPTER 60.

An Act to amend the law relating to children born out of wedlock.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section,

where the parents of an illegitimate person marry or

have married one another, whether before or after the commencement of this Act, the marriage shall, if

the father of the illegitimate person was or is at the date of the marriage domiciled in England or Wales,

render that person, if living, legitimate from the commencement of this Act, or from the date of the marriage, whichever last happens.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall operate to legitimate

a person whose father or mother was married to a third person when the illegitimate person was born.

(3) The legitimation of a person under this Act does not enable him or his spouse, children or remoter issue to

take any interest in real or personal property save as is

hereinafter in this Act expressly provided.

(4) The provisions contained in the Schedule to this Act shall have effect with respect to the re-registration

of the births of legitimated persons.

3rd Sch.

— cont.

Legitima tion by

subsequent marriage of parents.

518

Ch. 60.

Legitimacy Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Declarations of legitimacy

of legitimated persons.

21 & 22 Vict,

c. 93.

Rights of legitimated persons, &c.,

to take interests in

property.

2. —(1) A person claiming that he or his parent or any remoter ancestor became or has become a legitimated person may, whether domiciled in England or elsewhere and whether a natural-born British subject or not, present

a petition under the Legitimacy Declaration Act, 1858,

and that Act, subject to such necessary modifications

as may be prescribed by rules of court, shall apply accordingly.

(2) A petition under the said Act may be presented

by any such person as aforesaid to the county court instead of to the High Court, and the county court on

such a petition being presented shall have all such jurisdiction as by the said Act is conferred upon the

High Court:

Provided that, where a petition is presented to the county court, the county court, if it considers that the case is one which owing to the value of the property involved or otherwise ought to be dealt with by the

High Court, may, and if so ordered by the High Court shall, transfer the matter to the High Court, and on such transfer the proceeding shall be continued in the High

Court as if it had been originally commenced therein.

3. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this .Act, a

legitimated person and his spouse, children or more remote issue shall be entitled to take any interest—

(a) in the estate of an intestate dying after the date

of legitimation;

(b) under any disposition coming into operation after the date of legitimation;

(c) by descent under an entailed interest created after the date of legitimation;

in like manner as if the legitimated person had been born legitimate.

(2) Where the right to any property, real or personal,

depends on the relative seniority of the children of any person, and those children include one or more legitimated persons, the legitimated person or persons shall rank as if he or they had been bom on the day when he

or tlnpy became legitimated by virtue of this Act, and

if more than one such legitimated person became legitimated at the same time, they shall rank as between themselves in order of seniority.

1926.

Legitimacy Act, 1926.

Ch. 60.

519

(3) Where property real or personal or any interest therein is limited in such a way that, if this Act had not been passed, it would (subject or not to any preceding limitations or charges) have devolved (as nearly as the law permits) along with a dignity or title of honour,

then nothing in this Act shall operate to sever the property or any interest therein from such dignity, but the same shall go and devolve (without prejudice to the preceding limitations or charges aforesaid) in like manner

as if this Act had not been passed. This subsection applies, whether or not there is any express reference

to the dignity or title of honour and notwithstanding that in some events the property, or some interest therein,

may become severed therefrom.

(4) This section applies only if and so far as a

contrary intention is not expressed in the disposition,

and shall have effect subject to the terms of the disposition and to the provisions therein contained.

4. Where a legitimated person or a child or remoter Succession issue of a legitimated person dies intestate in respect intestacy

of all or any of his real or personal property, the same ,

persons shall be entitled to take the same interests and therein as they would have been entitled to take if the their issue.!

legitimated person had been born legitimate.

Application

to illegitimate person dying before marriage of parents.

5. Where an illegitimate person dies after the commencement of this Act and before the marriage of his parents leaving any spouse, children or remoter issue living at the date of such marriage, then, if that person would, if living at the time of the marriage of his parents,

have become a legitimated person, the provisions of this Act with respect to the taking of interests in property

by, or in succession to, the spouse, children and remoter

Issue of a legitimated person (including those relating to

the rate of death duties) shall apply as if such person as

aforesaid had been a legitimated person and the date of the marriage of his parents had been the date of legitimation.

6. —(1) A legitimated person shall have the same Personal]

rights, and shall be under the same obligations in respect rights and

of the maintenance and support of himself or of any other °^§ a .^ ona person as if he had been born legitimate, and, subject to

the provisions of this Act, the provisions of any Act persons.

520

Ch. 60.

Legitimacy Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

15 & 16

Geo. 5. c.70.

Death duties.

Provisions

as to persons legitimated by

extraneous law.

relating to claims for damages, compensation, allowance, benefit, or otherwise by or in respect of a legitimate child shall apply in like manner in the case of a

legitimated person.

(2) Where the marriage leading to the legitimation

of a child took place before the fourth day of January,

nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and the father of the child died before that date, the child shall, for the purpose of determining rights to pension or additional allowance under the Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age

Contributory Pensions Act, 1925, be deemed to have been a child of the marriage living at that date:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall confer any right to claim any payment in respect of any period prior to the date of legitimation.

7. Where a legitimated person or any relative of a

legitimated person takes any interest in real or personal property, any succession, legacy or other duty which becomes leviable after the date of legitimation shall be

payable at the same rate as if the legitimated person had been bom legitimate.

8. —(1) Where the parents of an illegitimate person marry or have married one another, whether before or

after the commencement of this Act, and the father of the illegitimate person was or is, at the time of the marriage, domiciled in a country, other than England or

Wales, by the law of which the illegitimate person became legitimated by virtue of such subsequent marriage, that person, if living, shall in England and

Wales be recognised as having been so legitimated from the commencement of this Act or from the date of the marriage, whichever last happens, notwithstanding that his father was not at the time of the birth of such person domiciled in a country in which legitimation by

subsequent marriage was permitted by law.

(2) All the provisions of this Act relating to legitimated persons and to the taking of interests in property

by or in succession to a legitimated person and the spouse, children and remoter issue of a legitimated person (including those relating to the rate of death duties) shall apply in the case of a person recognised

as having been legitimated under- this section, or who

1926.

Legitimacy Act, 1926.

Ch. 60.

521

would, had he survived the marriage of his parents, have been so recognised; and, accordingly, this Act shall have effect as if references therein to a legitimated person included a person so recognised as having been legitimated.

(3) For the purposes of this section, the expression

" country " includes Scotland and any ether part of His

Majesty’s dominions, as well as a foreign country.

9. —(1) Where, after the commencement of this Act, the mother of an illegitimate child, such child not being a legitimated person, dies intestate as respects all

or any of her real or personal property, and does not leave any legitimate issue her surviving, the illegitimate child, or, if he is dead, his issue, shall be entitled to take any interest therein to which he or such issue would have been entitled if he had been bom legitimate.

(2) Where, after the commencement of this Act, an

illegitimate child, not being a legitimated person, dies intestate in respect of all or any of his real or personal property, his mother if surviving shall be entitled to

take any interest therein to which she would have been entitled if the child had been born legitimate and she had been the only surviving parent.

(3) This section does not apply to or affect the right of any person to take by purchase or descent any entailed interest in real or personal property.

(4) Subsections (1) and (2) of this section shall apply

to Scotland with the substitution of " heritable " for

" real " and " moveable " for " personal ", and the expression " intestate " therein occurring shall have the same meaning as in the Intestate Moveable Succession

(Scotland) Act, 1855, provided always that nothing in

this section shall affect the right of any person to

succeed under any entail.

10. — (1) Nothing in this *Act shall affect the succession to any dignity or title of honour or render any person capable of succeeding to or transmitting a right to

succeed to any such dignity of title.

(2) Nothing in this Act shall affect the operation or

construction of any disposition coming into operation before the commencement of this Act, or affect any rights under the intestacy of a person dying before the commencement of this Act.

Right of illegitimate child and mother of illegitimate child to

succeed on

intestacy of the other.

18 & 19 Vict,

c. 23.

Savings.

522

Interpretation.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 23.

15 Geo. 5.

c. 20.

Short title and commencement.

Section 1.

Ch. 60. Legitimacy Act, 1926. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

11. For the purposes of this Act, unless the context otherwise requires:—

The expression "legitimated person" means a person legitimated by this Act;

The expression "date of legitimation" means the date of the marriage leading to the legitimation,

or where the marriage occurred before the commencement of this Act, the commencement of this Act;

The expression "disposition" means an assurance

of any interest in property by any instrument whether inter vivos or by will;

The expression "intestate " has the same meaning

as in the Administration of Estates Act, 1925, and

" will " includes " codicil ";

The expression "entailed interest " has the same meaning as in the Law of Property Act, 1925.

12. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Legitimacy

Act, 1926.

(2) This Act shall come into operation on the first day of January, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven.

(3) The provisions of this Act shall, save as therein otherwise expressly provided, extend only to England and Wales.

SCHEDULE.

Registration of Births of Legitimated Persons.

1. The Registrar-General may, on production of such evidence

as appears to him to be satisfactory, authorise at any time the

re-registration of the birth of a legitimated person whose birth is

already registered under the Births and Deaths Registration Acts,

1836 to 1901, and such re-registration shall be effected in such manner and at such place as the Registrar-General may by

regulations prescribe:

Provided that the Registrar-General shall not authorise the

re-registration of the birth of any such person in any case where information with a view to obtaining such re-registration is not furnished to him by both parents, unless—

(a) the name of a person acknowledging himself to be the father of the legitimated person has been entered in the

1926.

Legitimacy Act, 1926.

Ch. 60.

523

register in pursuance of section seven of the Births and

Deaths Registration Act, 1874; or

(b) the paternity of the legitimated person has been established by an affiliation order or otherwise by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; or

(c) a declaration of the legitimacy of the legitimated person has been made under the Legitimacy Declaration Act,

1858, as amended by this Act.

2. It shall be the duty of the parents of a legitimated person, or, in cases where re-registration can be effected on

information furnished by one parent and one of the parents is

dead, of the surviving parent, within the time hereinafter specified,

to furnish to the Registrar-General information with a view to

obtaining the re-registration of the birth of that person; that

is to say :—

(a) If the marriage took place before the commencement of this Act, within six months of such commencement;

(b) If the marriage takes place after the commencement of t his Act, within three months after the date of the marriage.

3. Where the parents, or either of them, fail to furnish the necessary information within the time limited for the purpose,

the Registrar-General may at any time after the expiration of that time require the parents of a person whom he believes to

have been legitimated by virtue of this Act, or either of them,

to give him such information concerning the matter as he may consider necessary, verified in such manner as he may direct, and for that purpose to attend personally either at a registrar’s office

or at any other place appointed by him within such time, not being less than seven days after the receipt of the notice, as may

be specified in the notice.

4. The failure of the parents or either of them to furnish information as required by this schedule in respect of any legitimated person shall not affect the legitimation of that person.

5. No fee for re-registration under this schedule shall be

charged if the necessary information for the purpose is furnished within the time above specified; but in any other case there shall be charged in respect of such re-registration such fees, not exceeding in the aggregate ten shillings, as may be prescribed by

regulations under this schedule.

6. This schedule shall be construed as one with the Births and Deaths Registration Acts, 1836 to 1901.

37 & 38 Vict,

c. 88.

524

Ch. 61.

liestrietion

on publiea-

tion of reports of judicial proceedings.

Judicial Proceedings 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Regulation of Reports) Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 61.

An Act to regulate the publication of reports of judicial proceedings in such manner as to

prevent injury to public morals.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) It shall not be lawful to print or publish, or

cause or procure to be printed or published—

(a) in relation to any judicial proceedings any indecent matter or indecent medical, surgical or

physiological details being matter or details the publication of which would be calculated to

injure public morals;

(b) in relation to any judicial proceedings for dissolution of marriage, for nullity of marriage, ' or for judicial separation, or for restitution of conjugal rights, any particulars other than the following,

that is to say:—

(i) the names, addresses and occupations of the parties and witnesses;

(ii) a concise statement of the charges,

defences and countercharges in support of which evidence has been .given

i

(iii) submissions op any point of law arising

in the course of the proceedings, and the decision of the court thereon;

(iv) the summing-up of the judge and the finding of the jury (if any) and the judgment

of the court and observations made by the judge in giving judgment:

Provided that nothing in this part of this subsection shall be held to permit the publication of anything

1926. Judicial Proceedings Ch. 61. 525

{Regulation of Reports) Act, 1926.

contrary to the provisions of paragraph (a) of this subsection.

(2) If any person acts in contravention of the provisions of this Act, he shall in respect of each offence

he liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for

a term not exceeding four months, or to a fine not exceeding five hundred pounds, or to both such imprisonment and fine:

Provided that no person, other than a proprietor,

editor, master printer or publisher, shall be liable to he

convicted under this Act.

(3) No prosecution for an offence under this Act

shall be commenced in England and Wales by any person without the sanction of the Attorney-General.

(4) Nothing in this section shall apply to the printing of any pleading, transcript of evidence or other document for use in connection with any judicial proceedings or the communication thereof to persons concerned in the proceedings, or to the printing or

publishing of any notice or report in pursuance of the directions of the court; or to the printing or publishing of any matter in any separate volume or part

of any bonfi fide series of law reports which does not form part of any other publication and consists solely

of reports of proceedings in courts of law, or in any publication of a technical character bona fide intended for circulation among members of the legal or medical professions.

(5) In the application of this section to Scotland, for any reference to judicial proceedings for restitution of conjugal rights there shall be substituted a reference to an

action of adherence dr of adherence and aliment.

2. — (1) This Act may be cited as the Judicial short title

Proceedings (Regulation of Reports) Act, 1926. and extent *

(2) This Act does not extend to Northern Ireland.

526;

Ch. 62.

Guarantee

of Palestine and East

African loan.

Palestine and East 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Africa Loans Act, 1926.

CHAPTER 62.

An Act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee certain loans to be raised respectively by the

Government of Palestine and by the Governments of certain territories in East Africa.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1.—(1) The Treasury may, subject to the provisions

of this Act, guarantee in such manner and on such conditions as they think fit the payment of the principal

of and the interest on any loan raised by the Government

of Palestine for the purposes set out in the First Schedule

to this Act and any loan raised by the Governments of Kenya, Uganda, Northern Rhodesia, Nyasaland, or

Tanganyika for the purposes set out in the Second

Schedule to this Act:

Provided that the amount of the principal of the loans to be guaranteed under this Act shall not in the aggregate exceed, as respects loans raised by the

Government of Palestine an amount sufficient to raise four million five hundred thousand pounds, and as respects loans raised by the other Governments aforesaid an

amount sufficient to raise ten million pounds.

(2) A guarantee shall not be given under this Act

until the Government by which the "loan is to be raised has provided to the satisfaction of the Treasury and the

Secretary of State— ,

(a) For raising, appropriating, and duly applying the loan in the case of a loan to be raised by the

Government of Palestine, for the purposes and

in the manner set out in the First Schedule to

this Act, and, in the case of a loan to be raised

by any of the other Governments aforesaid, for the purposes and in the manner set out in the

Second Schedule to this Act, subject in either

1926.

Palestine and East

Africa Loans Act, 1926.

Ch. 62.

527

case to any arrangements which may he made with the assent of the Treasury and the Secretary

of State for the application of savings on one head of expenditure under the said First Schedule

or the said Second Schedule, as the case may

he, to another head of expenditure thereunder:

(b) For the establishment and regulation of one or

more sinking funds for the purpose of the repayment of the principal of the loan or any instalment thereof within a period not exceeding forty years from the date on which the loan or

instalment is actually raised and for the management of the sinking funds by trustees to be

nominated by the Treasury:

(c) For charging on the general revenues and assets

of the territory or colony concerned or on any other revenues or assets which may be made available for the purpose, with priority over any charges not existing at the date of the passing of this Act, the principal and interest of the loan and the payments to be made to the sinking funds to be established as aforesaid:

(d) For charging on the general revenues and assets

of the territory or colony concerned immediately after the last mentioned charge the repayment

to the Treasury of any sum issued in pursuance

of this Act out of the Consolidated Fund on

account of the guarantee under this Act with interest on the said sum at such rate as the

Treasury may fix:

(e) For raising, or securing the raising of, sufficient money to meet the above charges,

Vj

nor, in the case of a loan to be raised by any Government other than the Government of Palestine, until after consultation with an advisory committee appointed by

the Secretary of State subject to the approval of the

Treasury.

(3) Any sums required by the Treasury for fulfilling any guarantee given under this Act shall be charged on

and issued out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing produce thereof, and any sums received by way of the repayment of any sums so issued shall be paid into the Exchequer.

528

Ch. 62.

Short title.

Palestine and East 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Africa Loans Act, 1926.

(4) The Secretary of State shall satisfy himself that fair conditions of labour are observed in the execution of all works carried out under any loan raised in pursuance

of this Act.

2. This Act may be cited as the Palestine and

East Africa Loans Act, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Purposes of Palestine Loan.

1. Railways ........ 1, 640,000

2. Purchase of railway and other capital assets from

His Majesty’s Government .... 1,000,000

3. Harbour construction and port improvements - 1, 115,000

4. Public buildings, telegraphs and telephones, surveys,

minor works of development, and purposes incidental to or connected with any of the purposes mentioned in this Schedule, including the raising of the loan ..... 745,000

4, 500,000

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Purposes of East African Loans.

c £

1. Railways - -- -- -- - 6, 500,000

2. Harbour construction and pbrt improvements - 2, 500,000

3. Roads, other works of development (including scientific research) and purposes incidental to

or connected with any of the purposes mentioned in this Schedule, including the raising

of the loans ---- 1,000,000

10,000,000

1926.

Sale of Food

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

Ch. 63.

529

CHAPTER 63.

An Act to provide for the better protection of the public in relation to the sale of food, including agricultural and horticultural produce.

[15th December 1926.]

BE it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:—

1. A person shall not, in selling any article of food

by weight, measure or number, deliver or cause to be

delivered to the purchaser a less weight, measure or

number, as the case may be, than is purported to be

sold.

2. A statement as to the weight or measure of a

pre-papked article of food shall be deemed to be a statement as to the net weight or measure thereof unless otherwise specified.

3. A person shall not on or in connection with the sale of any article of food, or in exposing or offering any article of food for sale, make any misrepresentation either by word of mouth or otherwise, or commit another act calculated to mislead the purchaser or prospective purchaser, as to the weight or measure of the article, or, if 'any articles are being sold or offered for sale by number, as to the number of articles sold or

offered for sale.

4. —(1) A person shall not sell any article of any of the kinds of food set forth in the First Schedule to this Act otherwise than by net weight except that, in the case of articles specified in Part II and Part III of that

Schedule, where the article is weighed for sale in a

wrapper or container the weight purported to be sold may^ include the weight of the wrapper or container

LI

Prohibition

of giving of short weight,

measure or

number.

Statements as

to weight or

measure on

pre-packed articles.

Misrepresentation.

Provisions applicable

to the sale of certain articles of common consumption.

530

Ch. 63. Sale of Food 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

if the weight of the wrapper or container does not exceed—

(a) hr the case of an article specified in Part II of the Schedule two and a half drams; and

(b) in the case of an article specified in Part III

of the Schedule for a parcel not exceeding three pounds in weight four and a half drams,

for a parcel exceeding three pounds but not exceeding seven pounds in weight three and a

half drams, and for a parcel exceeding seven pounds in weight three drams,

per pound of the article sold.

(2) A person shall not sell or have in his possession for sale any pre-packed article of food of any of the ki nds set forth in the First Schedule to this Act, unless—

(a) the article is made up for sale in quantities

of two ounces, or in multiples of two ounces

up to a limit of eight ounceB, in multiples of a

quarter of a pound up to a limit of two pounds,

in multiples of half a pound up to a limit of four pounds, or in multiples of one pound; and

(b) the wrapper or container bears thereon, ' or on

a label securely attached thereto, a true statement in plain characters of the minimum net weight of the article contained therein, or, in

any case where the weight of the wrapper or

container is permitted by the preceding subsection to be included in the weight purported

to be sold, of the minimum weight of the article with its wrapper or container:

t

Provided that, in the case where the article is made

up for sale on the premises where it is sold or kept for sale by a retailer and is niade* up in quantities of two ounces, four ounces, eight ounces, one pound, or a

multiple of one pound, it shall not be necessary that such a statement as aforesaid should be borne on or

attached to the wrapper or container.

(3) Any such statement as aforesaid shall not be

deemed to be untrue if it is shown that it was true at

the time of packing or of importation, whichever was

Ch. 63.

531

1926. Sale of Food

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

the later, and the original wrapper or container has remained intact.

(4) A person shall not sell any article (not being

a pre-packed article) of any of the kinds of food set forth in the First Schedule to this Act in quantities other than two ounces, four ounces, eight ounces, one pound, or multiples of one pound unless—

(a) the article is weighed in the presence of the purchaser and forthwith delivered to h im; or

(b) the article is delivered to the purchaser accompanied by a legible statement of its weight.

(5) It shall be lawful to print on any wrapper or

container in which any pre-packed article is contained

a statement of weight notwithstanding anything in any other Act to the contrary.

(6) This section shall not apply in the case of any article which is proved to have been sold for shipment

to a place outside Great Britain or to be intended to be

so sold.

5. —(1) A person shall not sell any butchers’ meat otherwise than by net weight.

(2) A person shall not deliver or cause to be

delivered to a purchaser any butchers’ meat without a

legible statement of the net weight on which the purchase price is based unless delivery is made to the purchaser

on or at the premises of the seller immediately after the meat has been weighed in the presence of the purchaser:

Provided that where at the request of the purchaser the meat is bo"ned, trimmed, or subjected to any other process involving loss of weight before delivery, and the bones or other material thus removed are not delivered with the meat, or where at the request of the purchaser delivery of the meat is deferred, such statement as aforesaid shall include a statement of the net weight of the meat as sent out for delivery as well as the net weight

on which the purchase price is based.

6. -(l) A person .shall not sell or offer for sale any bread otherwise than by net weight.

LI 2

Provisions applicable

to the sale

of butchers ’

meat.

Provisions applicable

532

Ch. 63.

Sale of Food 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

to the sale of bread.

Provisions applicable

to the sale

of milk’.

(2) A person shall not sell or have in his possession for sale or delivery under a contract of sale any loaf of bread unless its net weight is one pound or an integral number of pounds:

Provided that this subsection shall not apply to

loaves supplied under contract where the contract provides for the supply for consumption on tjre premises

of the purchaser of not less than half a hundredweight

of bread at a time, and for the weighing of the bread

on delivery.

(3) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to fancy bread or to loaves not exceeding twelve ounces in weight:

Provided that the foregoing provisions shall apply

to pan loaves, French loaves, and loaves of a similar character, with this modification, that in Scotland any such loaf of the net weight of one-and-three-quarter pounds may be sold or delivered for saje if the weight is

clearly marked either by an impression made in baking

or on any printed band or wrapper surrounding or

containing the loaf.

(4) Every person selling bread, or having in his possession any bread for the purpose of sale, shall provide and keep in some conspicuous part of his shop

or premises a correct weighing instrument of a pattern suitable for weighing bread, and shall, if so required

by the purchaser, or by an inspector of weights and measures, weigh the bread in the presence of the person so requiring, or, if the person so requiring

is such an inspector as aforesaid, shall permit the inspector to weigh the bread.

(5) Every person carrying bread for sale or delivery

to a purchaser shall, if so required by fin inspector of weights and measures, permit the inspector to weigh the bread.

7. —(1) A person shall not sell any milk, or have in

his possession for sale or delivery on sale any pre-packed milk, except in quantities of half a pint or multiples of half a pint.

(2) This section shall extend to skimmed and separated milk and pasteurised milk and to milk which has been subjected to any other process, except that it shall not apply to dried or condensed milk.

1926.

Sale of Food

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

Ch. 63.

533

8. Nothing contained in the last four foregoing sections of this Act shall apply to the sale or offering for sale of any article of food for consumption on or at

the premises of the seller, or to sales in petty amounts.

9. -(l) The Board of Trade, after consultation with the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries and such interests as appear to them to be concerned, may make regulations for the purpose—

(a) of making additions to or removals from or

otherwise varying the list of articles set forth in

the First Schedule to this Act;

(b) of requiring any articles of food other than those required by this Act to be sold by weight or

by measure to be sold only by weight or by

measure, and of applying to any such articles any of the provisions of this Act, either without modification or subject to such modifications

as may be specified in the regulations;

(c) of requiring any pre-packed articles of food other than those mentioned in the First Schedule to

• this Act to be labelled with an indication of their weight or measure;

(d) of prescribing the manner in which indications

of weight or measure are to be marked on

pre-packed articles required by or under this Act to be marked with such indications, and the manner of re-sealing wrappers and containers broken open under this Act;

and where the.First Schedule is varied by the regulations this Act shall have effect as if the Schedule as so varied was substituted for the Schedule contained in this Act.

(2) Before any regulations other than regulations under paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section are made, the draft of the proposed regulations shall be

laid before both Houses of Parliament, and the regulations shall not be made unless both Houses by resolution approve the draft either without modification or addition

or with modifications or additions to which both Houses agree, but upon such approval being given the regulations

Savings.

Power of Board of Trade to

make regulations.

534

Powers of inspection and entry.

41 & 42 Vict,

c. 49.

Cit. 63. Sale of Food 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

may be made in the form in which they have been so

approved.

Regulations made under paragraph (d) of subsection (1) of this section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as may be after they are made.

(3) Regulations made under this section, if and so

far as they relate to pre-packed articles, shall not come into force before the expiration of a period of six months after they are made.

10. —(1) The power of inspection and of entry conferred upon inspectors of weights and measures by

section forty-eight of the Weights and Measures Act,

1878, for the purposes therein specified shall extend to

the inspection and weighing or measuring by any such inspector of any pre-packed articles of food for the purpose of ascertaining whether they comply with the requirements of this Act, and to the entry into any place in which the inspector has reasonable cause to

believe that any such pre-packed articles intended for sale are situated.

(2) Where any person has in his possession for sale

or delivery on sale any pre-packed article of food of any kind which is required by or under this Act to be

sold by weight or measure, or any article of food in

respect of which any representation of weight or measure

is made, he shall, if so requested by an inspector of weights and measures weigh or measure such article in

the inspector’s presence or permit the inspector to weigh

or measure it, and, if necessary for this purpose, shall break open, or allow the inspector to break open, any wrapper or container in which suph article is packed,

and shall also if so requested by the inspector sell the article to him.

C

(3) Where any wrapper or container in which any pre-packed article is held ready for retail sale, or is being delivered on retail sale, is broken open by or at the request of an inspector of weights and measures for the purpose of ascertaining the weight or measure of its contents and is found to comply with the requirements

of this Act then, where the wrapper or container can be

re-sealed without injury to the Contents, the inspector

1926. Sale of Food Ch. 63. 535

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

shall re-seal the wrapper or container with a label certifying that the weight or measure of the contents has been proved to be correct, and if the inspector does not so re-seal the wrapper or container the retailer may

if he so desires require the said inspector to purchase the article on behalf of the local authority.

(4) All weights, measures, weighing and measuring appliances used by an inspector of weights and measures

in pursuance of this Act shall be made of such material,

and in such form, as may be approved by the Board of Trade, and shall be verified and periodically reverified in

such manner as the Board of Trade may from time to

time direct.

11.—(1) Any person who refuses to comply with Penalties,

a request made by an inspector of weights and measures under this Act, or in any other manner obstructs or

hinders an inspector in the exercise of his duties under this Act, shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding in the case of a first offence five pounds,

and in the case of a second or subsequent offence ten pounds.

(2) Any person who fails to provide or keep a

suitable weighing machine for weighing bread as required

by this Act shall be liable on summary conviction to a

fine not exceeding five pounds.

(3) Any person who acts in contravention of any other provision of this Act for which no special penalty is

provided shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding in the case of a first offence five pounds,

In the case of a second offence twenty pounds, and in

the case of a-third or subsequent offence fifty pounds.

12—(1) In any proceedings under this Act in Safeguards respect of an alleged deficienqy of weight or measure of to traders,

any pre-packed article or of bread, the court shall disregard any inconsiderable variation in the weight or

measure of a single article, said shall have regard to the average weight or measure of a reasonable number of other articles of the same kind (if any) sold or delivered

by the defendant, or in his possession for the purpose of sale or delivery, on the same occasion, and generally to

all the circumstances' of the case.

536

Ch. 63.

Sale of Food 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

38 & 39 Vict,

c. 63.

62 & 63 Vict,

c. 51.

(2) In any proceedings under this Act in respect of an alleged deficiency of weight or measure or number,

if the defendant proves to the satisfaction of the Court that such deficiency was due to a bona fide mistake or

accident, or other causes beyond his control, and in spite

of all reasonable precautions being taken and all due diligence exercised by the said defendant to prevent the occurrence of such deficiency, or was due to the action of some person over whom the defendant had no control,

the defendant shall be discharged from the prosecution.

(3) In any proceedings under this Act in respect

of an alleged deficiency in the weight of any article of food delivered to a purchaser, the defendant shall be

discharged from the prosecution if he proves to the satisfaction of the court that the alleged deficiency was due to unavoidable evaporation or drainage and that due care and precaution had been taken to avoid such deficiency.

(4) The provisions of section twenty-five of the

Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1875, and of section twenty

of the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899, relating to

warranties, as set out with appropriate modifications in

the Second Schedule to this Act, are hereby incorporated with this Act and shall apply to offences under this Act

in respect of pre-packed articles of food, as they apply

to proceedings for offences against the Sale of Food and

Drugs Acts, 1875 to 1907.

(5) Where an employer or principal is charged with

an offence against this Act, he shall be entitled on information duly laid by him, and on giving not less than three days’ notice of his intention to the prosecution, td

have any other person whom he charges as the actual offender brought before the court at the time appointed for hearing the charge, and, if after the commission of the offence has been proved, the employer or principal proves to the satisfaction of the court that he had used due diligence to enfoijce the execution of this Act,

and that the said other person had committed the offence in question without his consent, connivance or

wilful default, the said other person shall be summarily convicted of the offence and the employer or principal shall be exempt from any penalty:•

1926.

Ch. 63.

537

Sale of Food

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

15 bl, Provided that the prosecution shall have in any such case the right to cross-examine the employer or principal

if he gives evidence, and any witnesses called by him in

support of his charge and to call rebutting evidence.

The person so convicted shall, in the discretion of the court, be also liable to pay any costs incidental to the proceedings.

(6) A prosecution in respect of an offence by a

retailer under this Act, other than an offence of obstructing or hindering an inspector in the exercise of his duties,

shall not be instituted after the expiration of twenty-

eight days from the time when the offence was committed, nor unless within seven days after the alleged commission of the offence notice in writing of the date and nature of the alleged offence has been served on or

sent by registered post to the defendant, nor unless in

the case of any alleged deficiency the person against whom the allegation is made has been given reasonable opportunity to check the weight, measure or number

of the article or articles in respect of which such allegation is made.

(7) A prosecution under this Act shall not be

instituted except by or on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions, a police authority or a local authority.

13. —(1) For the purpose of this Act unless the context otherwise requires—

The expression "purchaser " includes any person acting on behalf of the purchaser;

* The expression "pre-packed " article means any article whiQh is packed or made up in advance read; for retail sale in a wrapper or container,

and where any article packed or made up in

a wrapper or container is found on any premises where such articles are packed, kept or stored for sale, the article shall be deemed to be

packed or made up in advance ready for retail sale unless the contrary is proved;

The expression "food " has the same meaning as in

the Sale of Food and Drugs Act, 1899, that

is to say, it means and includes every article

Interpretation.

538

Ch. 63.

Sale of Food 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

used for food or drink by man, and any article which ordinarily enters into or is used in the composition or preparation of human food;

and also includes flavouring matters and condiments, but does not include articles sold or

offered for sale as seed potatoes or seeds in

respect of which the requirements of the Seeds

Act, 1920, are complied with;

The expression "butchers’ meat" means beef,

mutton, veal, lamb or pork, whether fresh,

chilled, frozen or salted, and includes livers, but does not include heads, feet, hearts, lights,

kidneys or sweetbreads, bacon, ham, pressed beef or any meat so treated as to be fit for human consumption without further preparation

or cooking;

The expression "sale in petty amounts" means sale

by the single pennyworth, or less than the pennyworth, or sale in quantities purporting to

be less than two ounces.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person shall not

be deemed to weigh or measure any article in the presence of the purchaser or an inspector of weights and measures, as the case may be, imless he causes the weighing or measuring appliance or appliances used for the purpose to be so placed, and so conducts the operation

of weighing or measuring the article, as to permit the purchaser or inspector a clear and unobstructed view of the said appliance or appliances and of the said operation and of all the indications of weight or measure pertaining

to such operation.

(3) Any powers or duties conferred or imposed by

this Act on an inspector of weights and measures may,

in any case where the local authority so determine, be

exercised or performed by any other officer of the local authority appointed by them to act on behalf of an

inspector of weights and measures for the purposes of this Act, and all references in this Act to inspectors of weights and measures shall be construed accordingly.

(4) In the application of this Act to Scotland—

(a) references to the Board of Agriculture for

• Scotland shall be substituted for references

10 & 11

Geo. 5. c. 54.

1926.

Sale of Food

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

Ch. 63.

539

to the Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries,

and the expression "information " shall mean petition or complaint;

(b) nothing contained in section twenty-seven of the Milk and Dairies (Scotland) Act, 1914, 4&5 Geo.5.

shall be construed as limiting or affecting the c. 46.

a application of the provisions of the Second

Schedule to this Act to proceedings in respect

of pre-packed milk;

(c) for any reference to the Director of Public

Prosecutions there shall be substituted a

reference to the Lord Advocate.

14. This Act, except so far as it applies to pre- Application packed articles of food, shall apply only to retail of Act.

dealings.

15. —(1) This Act may be cited as the Sale of Short title,

Food (Weights and Measures) Act, 1926, and shall be construc-

construed as one with the Weights and Measures Acts, tl0n’com \

1878 to 1926, and shall be included amongst the Acts pealTnd ’

which may be cited as the Weights and Measures Acts, extent

1878 to 1926.

(2) This Act shall come* into operation on the first day of July, nineteen hundred and twenty-seven,

except that the provisions of this Act so far as they relate to pre-packed articles other than tea shall not take effect until the expiration of such period, not being less than six months from that date, as the Board of Trade may (by order determine, and different periods may be

fixed by^the Board in regard to different articles.

(3) The enactments set forth in the Third Schedule

to this Act are hereby, repealed to the extent specified

in the third column of that'schedule.

(4) ^This Act shall not apply to Northern Ireland.

540

Ch. 63.

Sale of Food 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

Sections 4

and 9.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Articles required to be sold by Net Weight.

Tea. Cocoa.

Coffee beans. Cocoa powder.

Ground coffee, including Chocolate powder,

chicory mixtures. Potatoes.

Part II.

Articles required to be sold by Net Weight,

EXCEPT WHERE WEIGHED EOR SALE IN A WRAPPER

or Container and the Weight of the Wrapper

or Container does not exceed two and a

HALF DRAMS PER POUND OF THE ARTICLES SO'LD.

Bacon. Lard.

Ham. Suet.

Butter. Margarine.

Part III.

Articles required to be sold by Net Weight,

EXCEPT WHERE WEIGHED FOR SALE IN A WRAPPER

or Container, and the Weight of the Wrapper

or Container does not exceed the specified

NUMBER OF JDRAMS PER POUND OF *THE ARTICLE

SOLD.

Flour of wheat, rye, maize,

pea, or bean, including self-raising flour and csjke flour.

Cornflour.

Oatmeal.

Rolled oats.

Rice.

Sago.

Tapioca.

Sugar.

Dried beans.

Dried peas.

Dried currants.

Dried raisins.

Drifd sultanas.

1926.

Sale of Food

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

Ch. 63.

541

SECOND SCHEDULE. Sections 12

__ .and 13.

Provisions op the Sale of Food and Drugs

Acts applied.

(1) If in any proceedings under this Act in respect of any pre-packed article of food the defendant proves that he purchased the article in the wrapper or container in which he sold

it or had it in his possession for the purposes of sale and with a

written warranty of the weight or measure or number of the article, and that he had no reason to believe, at the time when he sold it or had it in his possession for the purposes of sale, that the article or its wrapper or container did not comply with the provisions of this Act, he shall be entitled to be discharged from the prosecution.

(2) A warranty shall not be available as a defence to any proceedings under this Act unless the defendant has, within seven days after service of the summons, sent to the prosecutor

a copy of such warranty with a written notice stating that he

intends to rely on the warranty and specifying the name and address of the person from whom he received it, and has also sent a like notice of his intention to such person.

(3) The person by whom such* warranty is alleged to have been given shall be entitled to appear at the hearing and to give evidence, and the court may, if it thinks fit, adjourn the hearing

to enable him to do so.

(4) A warranty given by a person resident outside Great

Britain shall not be available as a defence to any proceeding under this Act, unless the defendant proves that he bad taken reasonable steps to ascertain, and did in fact believe in, the accuracy of the> statement contained in the warranty.

(5) Where the defendant is a servant of the person to whom

a warranty was given, he shall, subject to the provisions hereof,

be entitled to rely on the defence hereby allowed in the same way as his employer or master would have been entitled to do

if he had been the defendant, provided that the servant further proves that he had no reason to believe that the pre-packed article did not comply with the provisions of this Act.

(6) Where the defendant in a prosecution under this Act

has been discharged under the provisions of this schedule, any proceedings for giving the warranty relied on by the defendant

in such prosecution may be taken as well before a court having

542

Ch. 63.

Sale of Food 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

2nd~Sch.

— cont.

Section 16 .

jurisdiction in the place where the contravention of this Act

took place, as before a court having jurisdiction in the place where the warranty was given.

(7) Every person who, in respect of the weight measure or

number of any article of food sold by him as principal or agent,

gives to the purchaser a false warranty in writing, shall be liable

on summary conviction, for a first offence, to a fine not exceeding twenty pounds, for a second offence to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds, and for any subsequent offence to a fine not exceeding one hundred pounds, Tinless he proves to the satisfaction of the court that when he gave the warranty he had reason to believe that the statements or descriptions contained therein were true.

(8) For the purposes of the foregoing provisions a statement

on any container or any wrapper, band or label affixed thereto

or delivered therewith or a statement contained in an invoice,

shall be deemed to be a written warranty.

(9) An invoice describing the weight or measure or number

of the article shall be a sufficient warranty notwithstanding that

it contains no words of express warranty or was delivered after the purchase of the article.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title,

Extent of Repeal.

3 Geo. 4.

An Act to repeal the Acts

Sections three, four,

c. cvi.

now in force relating to

eight and nine.

6 & 7 Will. 4.

Bread to be sold in the

City of London and the

Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange; and to provide other regulations for the

Making and Sale of Bread, and preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and Bread,

within the' limits aforesaid.

The Bread Act, 1836

C

Sections three, four, six

c. 37.

and seven.

1926.

Sale of Food

(Weights and Measures) Act, 1926.

Ch. 63.

543

Session and

Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

34 & 35 Vict.

The Aberdeen Municipal-

Section one hundred and

c. cxli.

ity Extension Act, 1871.

fifty-one.

45 & 46 Vict.

The Dundee Police and

Section one hundred and

c. clxxxv.

Improvement Consolidation Act, 1882

seventy-two in so far as

it incorporates section two hundred and seventy of the General

Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act.

1862.

52 & 53 Vict,

c. 21.

The Weights and Measures

Act, 1889.

Section thirty-two.

55 & 56 Vict.

Burgh Police (Scotland)

Section four hundred and

c. 55.

Act, 1892.

twenty-seven.

58 & 59 Vict,

c. cxliii.

1

The Glasgow Corporation and Police Act, 1895.

Section thirty-six.

4 Edw. 7.

o. 28.

The Weights and Measures

Act, 1904.

Section eleven.

9 Edw. 7.

The Greenock Corporation

Section three hundred'and

c. cxxix.

Act, 1909.

sixty-seven in so far as

it relates to section four hundred and twenty-

seven of the Burgh

Police (Scotland) J[Act,

1892.

3 & 4 Geo. 5.

c. lxxiv.

The Edinburgh Corporation Act, 1913.

Section eighty-five.

12 & 13 Geo.5.

c. 29.

The Sale of Tea Act,

1922.

The whole Act.

3bd Sch.

— cont.

TABLE II

A TABLE

OF

THE TITLES OF THE MEASURES PASSED BY

THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

YEAR 1926.

[16 & 17 Geo. 5.]

16 Geo. 5.

Royal Assent, 26th March, 1926.

No. 1 . A Measure to transfer the parishes of Brislington Saint

Luke and Brislington Saint Anne from the Diocese of Bath and Wells to the Diocese of Bristol, and for purposes

• connected therewith. (Brislington Parishes (Transfer).)

No. 2. A Measure to transfer the Rural Deaneries of Pontefract and Hemsworth from the Diocese of York to the Diocese

of Wakefield, to provide for additional honorary canonries

in the Cathedral Church of Wakefield, and for purposes connected therewith. {Rural Deaneries of Pontefract and

Hemsworth (Transfer).)

Royal Assent, 29th April, 1926.

No. 3. A Mteasure ^o sever the canonries in the Cathedral Church

of Manchester from the benefices annexed thereto, and otherwise to amend, the Parish of Manchester Division Act,

1850. {Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850 (Amendment).)

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Royal Assent, 15th July, 1926.

No. 4. A Measure to amend the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

Acts, 1840 and 1841, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners

Act, 1840, Amendment Act, 1885, and to make further provision for the augmentation of archdeaconries, for aiding

M m

ii Table of Church Assembly Measures. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

the endowment funds of new bishoprics, for bishops’ costs

of legal proceedings, for the maintenance of Lambeth Palace,

and the repair of other Episcopal Residences. (Ecclesiastical

Commissioners.)

No. 5. A Measure to provide for the extinguishment or redemption

of first fruits and tenths. (First Fruits and Tenths.)

Royal Assent, 4th August, 1926.

No. 6. A Measure to establish a system of Pensions for the

Clergy (other than Diocesan Bishops), to provide for the transition from the Incumbents Resignation Acts, 1871 and

1887, to such system, and to effect changes in the constitution and management of the Clergy Pensions Institution. (Clergy

Pensions.)

Royal Assent, 15th December, 1926.

No. 7. A Measure to provide for Bishops’ Pensions. (Episcopal

Pensions.)

No. 8. A Measure to consolidate and amend the law relating

to the due performance of the Ecclesiastical Duties of Benefices, and to make provision for the Stipends of Curates appointed under the Measure and in certain other cases.

(Benefices (Ecclesiastical Duties).)

MEASURES

PASSED BY THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY OF THE

CHURCH OF ENGLAND WHICH RECEIVED

THE ROYAL ASSENT DURING THE

YEAR 1926.

16 Geo. 5.

No. 1.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To transfer the parishes of Brislington Saint

Luke and Brislington Saint Anne from the

Diocese of Bath and Wells to the Diocese of Bristol, and for purposes connected therewith.

[26th March' 1926.]

1*. As from the appointed day the parishes of Brislington Saint Luke and Brislington Saint Anne (in

this Measure referred to as " the transferred parishes")

shall be transferred from the diocese of Bath and Wells

to the diocese of Bristol and shall be in the archdeaconry

of Bristol and the rural deanery of Bedminster:

Provided that nothing in this Measure or in any scheme thereunder shall have effect so as to exclude the transferred parishes from the area of benefit under the charity known as " Bishop Monk’s Horfield Trust."

2.—(1) The patronage of the transferred parishes shall as from the appointed day be transferred to and vest in the Bishop of Bristol. *

(2) As soon as possible after the appointed day there shall be transferred to the registrar of the diocese

of Bristol or to such other officer of that diocese as the bishop thereof may appoint, from the registrar of the diocese of Bath and Wells or any other officer of that diocese who may be in possession thereof, all terriers,

tithe apportionments, ' maps, plans and other documents relating exclusively to either of the transferred parishes.

Mm2

Transfer of Brislington parishes.

Provisions consequential on

transfer.

iv

Schemes by

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Saving as to

charitable endowments.

Saving as to

service of incumbent,

&c.

Definitions.

Short title.

No. 1. Brislington Parishes (Transfer) 16 Geo. 5.

Measure, 1926.

3. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may at any time within twelve months after the appointed day lay before His Majesty in Council for confirmation a scheme for all or any of the following matters, namely :—

(1) for providing for the transfer of any property which at the appointed day is held by the diocesan authority of the diocese of Bath and

Wells, or by any body of trustees in that diocese, on behalf of either of the transferred parishes, to the diocesan authority of the diocese

of Bristol;

(2) for making such arrangements as may seefn to

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners requisite to

preclude any officer holding office at the passing

of this Measure from being prejudiced by this

Measure or any Order in Council or scheme thereunder;

(3) for making such other provisions hnd arrangements, whether similar or not to the foregoing,

as may be necessary for carrying into complete

. effect the provisions of this Measure;

and a scheme under this section when so confirmed shall have effect as if enacted in this Measure.

4. Nothing in this Measure or in any scheme thereunder shall prejudice or affect any right, interest or

jurisdiction in or over any charitable endowment.

5. The service of any person either before, or partly before and partly after, the appointed day, as incumbent

or curate in either of the transferred parishes, shall for the purpose of qualifying such incumbent, or curate to

be presented or nominated to any benefice ip the patronage

of the chapter of any cathedral or collegiate church be

deemed to be service both, in the diocese of Bristol and

in the diocese of Bath and Wells.

6. In this Measure the expression "the appointed day" means the first day of May, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and the expression "diocesan authority " has the same meaning as'in the Parochial Church Councils

(Powers) Measure, 1921.

7. This Measure may be cited as the Brislington

Parishes (Transfer) Measure, 1926.

1926.

Rural Deaneries of Pontefract No. 2.

and Hems worth (Transfer)Measure, 1926.

v

No. 2.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To transfer the Rural Deaneries of Pontefract and Hemsworth from the Diocese of York

to the Diocese of Wakefield, to provide for additional honorary canonries in the Cathedral

Church of Wakefield, and for purposes connected therewith.

[26th March 1926.]

1. As from the appointed day the rural deaneries

of Pontefract and Hemsworth (in this Measure referred

to as " the transferred rural deaneries "), consisting respectively of the parishes set out in Part I. and Part II.

of the Schedule to this Measure, shall be transferred from the diocese of York to the diocese of Wakefield and shall

he in the archdeaconry of Huddersfield.

2. —(1) The patronage of all ecclesiastical dignities and benefices situate in the transferred rural deaneries which immediately before the appointed day is vested

in the Archbishop of York shall as from the appointed day be transferred to and vest in the Bishop of Wakefield.

(2) As soon as possible after the appointed day there shall be transferred to the registrar of the diocese of Wakefield or to such other officer of that diocese as the bishop thereof may appoint, from the registrar of the diocese of York or any other officer of that diocese who may be in possession thereof, all terriers, tithe apportionments, maps, plans and other documents relating exclusively to the transferred rural deaneries or to any

of the parishes situate therein.

3. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may at any time within twelve months after the appointed day lay before His Majesty in Council for confirmation a scheme for all or any of the following matters, namely :—-

(1) for founding additional honorary canonries in

the Cathedral Chinch of Wakefield to any number not exceeding six;

Transfer of rural deaneries of Pontefract and

Hemsworth.

Provisions consequential on

transfer.

Schemes by

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Saving as to

charitable endowments.

Saving as

to service of incumbent,

&c.

Definitions.

Short title.

No. 2. Rural Deaneries of Pontefract 16 Geo. 5.

and Hemsworth (Transfer) Measure, 1926.

(2) for providing for the transfer of any property which at the appointed day is held by the diocesan authority of the diocese of York, or

by any body of trustees in that diocese, on behalf

of any parish affected by this Measure to the diocesan authority of the diocese of Wakefield;

(3) for making such* arrangements as may seem to

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners requisite to

preclude any officer holding office at the passing

of this Measure from being prejudiced by this

Measure or any Order in Council or scheme thereunder; •

(4) for making such other provisions and arrangements, whether similar or not to the foregoing,

as may be necessary for carrying into complete effect the provisions of this Measure;

and a scheme under this section when so confirmed shall have effect as if enacted in this Measure.

4. Nothing in this Measure or in any scheme thereunder shall prejudice or affect any right, interest or

jurisdiction in or over any charitable endowment.

5. The service of any person either before, or partly before and partly after, the appointed day, as incumbent

or curate in any parish which, by virtue of this Measure,

is transferred from the diocese of York to the diocese of Wakefield, shall for the purpose of qualifying such incumbent or curate to be presented or nominated to

any benefice in the patronage of the chapter of any cathedral or collegiate church be deemed to be service both in the diocese of Wakefield and in' the diocese of York.

4

6. In this Measure the expression "the appointed day" means the first day of May nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and the expression "diocesan authority "

has the same meaning as in the Parochial Church Councils

(Powers) Measure, 192}.

7. This Measure may be cited as the Rural

Deaneries of Pontefract and Hemsworth (Transfer)

Measure, 1926.

1926. Rural Deaneries of Pontefract No. 2, 3. vii and Hemsworth (Transfer) Measure, 1926.

SCHEDULE. *

Part I.

Rural Deanery of Pontefract.

Ackworth (S. Cuthbert) Kellington S. Ed. with Whitley

Altofts (S. Mary Magd.) Kirk Smeaton (S. Peter)

Badsworth (S. Mary) Knottingley (S. Botolph) #

Brotherton (S. Ed. Conf.) Knottingley E. (Ch. Ch.)

Carlton (S. Michael) Normanton (All Saints)

Castleford (All Saints) Pontefract (S. Giles)

Castleford (S. Michael) Pontefract (All Saints)

Darrington All Saints with Purston with S. Featherstone

Wentbridge Whitwood (S. Phillip)

East Hardwick (S. Stephen) Whitwood Mere (All Saints)

Featherstone (All Saints) Womersley (S. Martin)

Ferry Frys ton (S. Andrew) Wragby (S. Oswald)

Glass Houghton

Part II.

Rural Deanery of Remsworth.

Carlton (S. John) Monk Bretton (S. Paul)

Cudworth (S. John) Royston (S. John Bapt.)

Felkirk (S. Peter) Ryhill (S. James)

Grimethorpe (S. Luke) South Elmsall (S. Mary)

Hemsworth (S. Helen) South Kirkby (All Saints)

Kinsley «

No. 3.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To sever the canonries in the Cathedral Church

of Manchester from ’the benefices annexed thereto, and otherwise to amend the Parish of Manchester Division Att, 1850.

[29th April 1926.]

1.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section— Severance

(i) the benefices annexed to the canonries in the benefices

Cathedral Church of Manchester (in this f rom

No. 3.

viii

Parish of Manchester Division 16 Geo. 5.

Act, 1850 (. Amendment)Measure, 1926.

Measure referred to as " Manchester

Cathedral ") shall be and the same hereby are severed from the said canonries; and

(ii) a canon of Manchester Cathedral shall be

incapable of holding the benefice formerly annexed to his canonry or any other benefice with cure of souls.

(2) The foregoing provisions of this section shall not apply to a canon of Manchester Cathedral holding office

at the passing of this Measure, and any such canon may either —

(i) retain both his canonry and the benefice annexed thereto; or

(ii) retain his canonry, but resign the annexed benefice; or

(iii) resign his canonry, but retain the annexed benefice. *

caponries in

Manchester

Cathedral:

rights of existing canons.

Additional duties of canons.

Patronage

of severed benefices.

(3) In this Measure the expression "canon " does not include an honorary canon or a minor canon.

2. —(1) A canon of Manchester Cathedral shall, so

far as the duties of his canonry, other than the duties assigned to him under this section, permit, undertake and perform within the ancient parish of Manchester,

and within the diocese of Manchester, such additional duties as the bishop of the diocese may from time to time assign to him.

(2) This section shall not apply to a canon who under the provisions of this Measure retains both his canonry and the benefice annexed thereto,

3. The patronage of the benefices severed by this

Measure from the canonries in Manchester Cathedral shall be and the same hereby is vested in the Dean and

Chapter of the said Cathedral. '

Stipends of minor canons:

allocation of residue of Cathedral revenues.

4.—(1) The provisions of the Parish of Manchester

Division Act, 1850, relating to the annual revenues of the Chapter of Manchester Cathedral shall have effect subject to the following modifications (that is to say):—

(i) a chaplain or minor canon of the said cathedral may receive out of the said revenues such annual sum exceeding the annual sum of two hundred and fifty pounds as the Ecclesiastical

No. 3.

1926. Parish of Manchester Division

Act, 1850 (Amendment)Measure, 1926.

ix

Commissioners may from time to time sanction,

and such annual sum may be either greater or

less than that received by any other chaplain or

minor canon; and

(ii) no endowment or augmentation provided for a

benefice after the passing of this Measure which

i^ not derived from the said revenues or some other ecclesiastical property shall be taken into account by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the purposes of the first proviso to section twenty-three of the said Act, unless the net annual value of such benefice exceeds an amount fixed for the purposes of this section by the said Commissioners.

(2) The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have power to determine the net annual value of any benefice

in any case where such determination is required for the purposes of this section.

5. This Measure may be cited as the Parish of Man- Short title.

Chester Division Act, 1850 (Amendment) Measure, 1926.

6. The provisions of the Parish of Manchester Repeal.

Division Act, 1850, referred to in the first column of the

Schedule to this Measure are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the second column of the said

Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

Provisions of the Parish of Manchester l3ivision*Act, Extent of Repeal.

1850, repealed.

Section 14 -

Section 15 -

Section 16 -

So far as it limits the annual sum which may be paid out of cathedral revenues to chaplains

dr minor canons to two hundred and fifty pounds.

The whole section except in respect

of existing canons.

So far as it refers to the patronage

of benefices severed from canon-

ries by this Measure.

x No. 4. Ecclesiastical 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

Commissioners Measure, 1926.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

No. 4.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England «,

To amend the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Acts,

1840 and 1841, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, Amendment Act, 1885,

and to make further provision for the augmentation of archdeaconries, for aiding the endowment funds of new bishoprics, for bishops’ costs of legal proceedings, for the maintenance of Lambeth Palace, and the repair

of other Episcopal Residences.

[15th July 1926.]

1. The limitation to two hundred pounds per annum,

expressed in the thirty-fourth section of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners Act, 1840, and the second section of the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840, Amendment Act,

1885, of the amount to which the income of any archdeaconry may be augmented out of the common fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners is hereby removed, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners are hereby authorised to

make in accordance with the provisions of those Acts for the augmentation or endowment of any archdeaconry a

grant not exceeding, together with any existing grant or

grants in augmentation of the income of the same archdeaconry, the sum of three hundred pounds per annum,

provided that the whole income of th6 archdeaconry,

including the income derived from any ecclesiastical office

or preferment annexed to the same archdeaconry, be not thereby raised beyond the*sum of one thousand pounds per annum:and in any case in which the Order of His

Majesty in Council ratifying, a scheme of the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners for the endowment or augmentation of any archdeaconry by a grant out of the common fund of the Commissioners or by the annexation of any ecclesiastical office or preferment thereto or by any other

of the means authorised, for the endowment or augmentation of an archdeaconry shall declare that procurations,

Power to

Commissioners to

grant not more than

3001. per annum for archdeaconries.

1920.

Ecclesiastical

Commissioners Measure, 1920.

No. 4.

xi

synodals, visitation fees and induction fees or any of these fees or payments shall not be receivable by the archdeacon, all such fees or payments shall cease to be

payable to the archdeacon of that archdeaconry.

2. The disannexation from any archdeaconry of any annexed caponry or portion of the income of a canonry or

benefice may be effected by the means prescribed in the eleventh section of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1841, notwithstanding anything contained in that section,

whether the annexation had been made under the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1840,

or the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841, or otherwise,

and whether or not the canonry or portion of the income of a canonry or benefice so disannexed be, or be intended to

be, annexed to any other archdeaconry.

3. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may, out of their common fund by resolution, make contributions—

(a) towards the provision of the minimum endowment required to be raised as a 'condition of the foundation of any new bishopric hereafter to be

founded under the provisions of any Measure

’ already passed, or which may hereafter be

passed, provided that no such contribution shall

be made except upon condition that there shall

be first raised from sources other than ecclesiastical endowments, and paid over to the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the same purpose, a sum of not less than ten times the amount thereof; and

(b) towards raising to three thousand pounds a

year’the annual value of the endowment fund '(exclusive of the annual value of any episcopal residence and of any part of the fund allotted to or required for the provision

of the episcopal residence) of any bishopric founded under the provisions of the Bishopric

of St. Albans Act, 1875, or of any Act

or Measure subsequent thereto, provided that

no such contributions shall be made except upon condition that there shall be first given from sources- other than ecclesiastical endowments and paid over to or otherwise secured to

Disannexation of canonry or

benefice from archdeaconry.

Power to

Commissioners to

contribute towards endowment

of certain bishoprics.

XII

No- 4 -

Ecclesiastical 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Commissioners Measure, 1926.

Power to

Commissioner 8 to ,

pay bishop s

costs of legal, proceedings.

Qualification and remuneration

of official appointed under

preceding section.

Commissioners to

maintain

Lambeth

Palace.

the satisfaction of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners as an addition to the endowment fund of the bishopric a contribution for the purposes of that fund of not less capital value than the amount thereof.

4. The costs and expenses incurred by the bishop of any diocese in relation to legal proceedings in any court,

taken or defended by the bishop for the correction of offences against morality or the laws ecclesiastical, not being questions of doctrine or ritual, or for the promotion

of the efficient discharge by clergy of their ecclesiastical duties, shall be paid by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners out of their common fund:Provided that, before taking

or defending any such legal proceedings, the bishop shall have submitted the matter to an official appointed by

the Archbishops of Canterbury and York jointly, and shall have obtained his approval in writing of the course proposed to be taken by the bishop, and provided further that the solicitor appointed by the bishop to act on his behalf in the proceedings shall have been first approved for that purpose by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners with the concurrence of the Archbishops of Canterbury and York may from time to time make regulations as to the procedure in the submission of matters to the official so

appointed, and as to information to be furnished to him for the purpose of his examination of any such matter.

5. The official to be appointed by the two archbishops in accordance with the provisions of the last preceding section of this Measure shall be a barrister-at-

law who has been in actual practice for not less than ten years, and he shall hold his office* subject to the right

of the two archbishops to determine his appointment and his remuneration shall 'be determined by the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners with the concurrence of the two archbishops, and shall be paid by the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners out of their common fund.

6. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall bear and pay out of their common fund the whole cost of the maintenance in repair in accordance with the law- of ecclesiastical dilapidations of the archiepiscopal residence known as Lambeth Palace, with its outbuildings, walls.

1926. Ecclesiastical No. 4. xiii

Commissioners Measure, 1926.

and appurtenances, and the cost of the insurance of the same against damage by fire in an office approved by

the Commissioners and for an amount approved by them,

and shall out of the same fund pay all rates (including water rate) and taxes (including property tax) assessed upon and payable by the Archbishop of Canterbury as

owner or occupier thereof: Provided that no works of repair of which the cost is so to be borne by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall be undertaken or put in

hand without the approval of the Commissioners being first obtained, and the Commissioners shall, if they so

require, have the control of any such works, and all such works shall be carried out to the satisfaction of themselves

or of such competent surveyor as they may appoint.

7. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may, out of Power to

their common fund, pay such part as they shall in each Commis-

case determine, of the cost of the maintenance in repair in sioners to

accordance with the law of ecclesiastical dilapidations of ^repairof the episcopal houses of residence named in the schedule other

to this Measure, the part of the cost so to be borne by the episcopal

Commissioners in any case (whether a proportionate part houses,

of the whole cost of repairs or the whole cost of certain classes of repairs or of repairs to specific portions of the houses respectively) being determined by the Commissioners after survey made on their behalf and due consideration by them of the extent to which the bishops liability for repairs is increased by reason of the antiquity

of the house oi portions thereof, by the necessity of maintenance of features of historical or architectural interest, or by the character of the structure or any other circumstances rendering the cost of maintenance in repair abnormally high, and in respect of all episcopal residences

(whether named in the schedule or not) the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners* may, out of their common fund, pay or

contribute towards the payment of expenditure from time to time required upon repairs of an exceptional character.

No works of repair ', the cost or any part of the cost

of which is to be borne by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall be undertaken or put in hand without their consent being first obtained; and the Commissioners shall, if they

so require, have the control of any such works, and all such works shall be carried out to the satisfaction of the xiv

Operation of Measure postponed.

Powers of Commissioners until reconstitution to be

exercised only with consent of Church

Assembly.

Short title.

No. 4. Ecclesiastical 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Commissioners Measure, 1926.

Commissioners or of such competent surveyor as the

Commissioners may appoint.

8 . The provisions of this Measure, or any one or more

of those provisions, shall come into operation upon the publication in the " London Gazette " of an instrument under the seal of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certifying that they are satisfied that the additional burdens imposed, or likely to be imposed, upon their common fund under the provisions of this Measure or, as the case may be, under such one or more of those provisions, may

be undertaken by the Commissioners without any probability of the completion of their scheme for the augmentation of benefices as set out in Part III. of the

Commissioners’ current regulations relating to certain grants out of their common fund being endangered and without interfering with their ability to provide the full sum (if so much be required) of five hundred thousand pounds, the provision of which is authorised by section forty-four of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure,

1923, and to provide such capital and annual sums as

they may be willing to provide for the purpose of a

general pensions scheme for the clergy to be established

by Measure of the Church Assembly. *

9. In the event of a certificate as mentioned in the last preceding section being given by the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners before the reconstruction of the constitution of the Ecclesiastical Commission, which is

recommended in the Report of the Commission of Enquiry into the Property and Revenues of the Church, has been effected, the powers given to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the obligations imposed upon them by this

Measure shall, until such reconstruction has been effected,

be exercised and become effectual only with the consent of the Church Assembly declared by resolution of the

Assembly*! «

10. This Measure may be cited as the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners Measure, 1926.

* The Commissioners’, certificate under section 8 was published

in the " London Gazette " of 12th November, 1926, at p. 7334.

f The Church Assembly declared its consent under section 9 by

resolution passed on 15th November, 1926.

1920.

Ecclesiastical

Commissioners Measure, 1926.

No. 4, 5.

xv

THE SCHEDULE.

The Palace, Ely

of the Bishopric of Ely.

Hartlebury Castle

99

99 99

, Worcester.

The Palace, .Chichester

99

99 99

, Chichester..

The Palace, Wells

) >

99 99

, Bath & Wells.

The Palace, Hereford

99

99 99

, Hereford.

Rose Castle, Carlisle

99

99 99

, Carlisle.

The Palace, Norwich

99

99 99

, Norwich.

The Palace, Salisbury

9 9

99 99

, Salisbury.

Fulham Palace

99

99 99

, London.

Auckland Castle

99

99 99

, Durham.

Bishopthorpe

99

, Archbishopric of York.

The Old Palace, Lincoln

99

, Bishopric of Lincoln.

The Palace, Peterborough

99

99 99

, Peterborough.

Cuddesdon Palace

99

99 99

, Oxford.

The Palace, Lichfield

99

99 99

, Lichfield.

Famham Castle

99

99 99

, Winchester

or Guildford.

The Palace, Exeter

) »

No

99 99

.. 5.

, Exeter,

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To provide for the extinguishment or redemption

of first fruits and tenths.

[15th July 1926.]

1. This Measure may be cited, as the First Fruits Short title,

and Tenths Measure, 1926.

2. As from the appointed day, all first fruits and Extinguish-

tenths and sums in lieu of first fruits or tenths payable to ment of Queen Anne’s Bounty by an archbishop, bishop, dean,

or archdeacon, or by the sub-chanter, custos, vicars tenths* 111

choral or minor canons of a cathedral church, or by the holder of a prebend in the patronage of a bishop in right

XVI

No. 5.

First Fruits 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

and Tenths Measure, 1926.

Determination of appointed day or

days.

Annexation

or suppression of sinecure rectories or

prebends.

Redemption

of first fruits and tenths not extinguished

by the

Measure.

of his see or in the patronage of a dean and chapter, or

by the incumbent of a benefice, in respect of their several dignities or preferments, or by the dean and chapter of any cathedral church, or by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and also the first fruits and tenths specified

in the First Schedule to this Measure, shall cease to be

payable: Provided that nothing in this Measure shall affect first fruits (whether secured by bond or not) which have become chargeable in respect of an appointment made before the appointed day, or tenths or annual sums payable in lieu of first fruits or tenths which have fallen due before that day.

3. — (1) The appointed day shall be such day subsequent to the passing of this Measure as the Archbishops of Canterbury and York by writing under their respective hands and archiepiscopal seals shall jointly determine:Provided that the said Archbishops may,

if they think fit, determine two appointed days, namely,

one day in respect, of first fruits and tenths and sums in

lieu of first fruits and tenths payable by an archbishop

or by a bishop, and the other in respect of the remainder

of the first fruits and tenths and sums in lieu of first fruits or tenths mentioned in section two of this Measure.

(2) The determination of the appointed day or days under this section shall be notified by advertisement in

the " London Gazette." *

4. If after the appointed day a sinecure rectory

or a prebend not discharged from first fruits or tenths

by virtue of this Measure shall be permanently annexed

to a benefice, or to an office or dignity, which by this

Measure or otherwise is discharged from the payment

of first fruits or tenths, or shall be suppressed, the same rectory or prebend and the possessions thereof shall as

from the date of annexation or suppression be absolutely discharged from the payment of first fruits or tenths to

Queen Anne’s Bounty.

5. It shall be lawful for Queen Anne’s Bounty to

accept such sum as they may determine for the redemption of any first fruits or tenths not extinguished by

virtue of this Measure, and on payment to the Treasurer

* The appointed day thus determined was 16th July, 1926 (for all purposes): see " London Gazette, " 7th September, 1926, at p. 5887.

1920.

First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926.

No. 5.

XVII

of Queen Anne’s Bounty of the sum so determined he

shall certify that the first fruits or tenths have been redeemed, and that certificate shall be final and conclusive.

6. As from the appointed day, or, if two appointed Repeal,

days are determined under section three of this Measure,

as from the last in order of date of such appointed days,

the Acts mentioned in the Second Schedule to this

Measure shall be repealed to the extent appearing in

the third column of the Second Schedule: Provided that as regards any first fruits or tenths not extinguished

by virtue of this Measure such repeal shall not affect any right of Queen Anne’s Bounty, or of any other corporation or person, to such first fruits or tenths,

or to any remedy or proceeding in respect thereof, or

prevent any such Act from being put in force for the collection or recovery thereof, or otherwise in relation thereto.

SCHEDULES.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

All first fruits and tenths payable by the Vice-Chancellor

of the University of Cambridge.

All first fruits and’tenths payable by the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge under the provisions

of the Somersham Rectory ’Act, 1382.

All first fruits and tenths payable in respect of the Rectory

of Terrington in the county of Norfolk by the Lady Margaret’s

Professor of Divinity in the said University of Cambridge.

Nn

No. 5.

First Fruits 16 & 17 Ueo. 5.

and Tenths Measure, 1926.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

26 Hen. 8. c. 3

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Acte conceminge the paiment of Firste Fruites " and ends with the words "Kinges

Highnes and his heires."

The whole Act.

26 Hen. 8. e.

17.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An

Acte that no fermours " and,

ends with the words "by the

Kinges Highnes."

The whole Act.

27 Hen. 8. c. 8

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Acte for discharg of payment " and ends with the words "there furst frutes."

The whole Act.

2 & 3 Edw. 6.

c. 20.

An Acte for the qualyfienge of the Statute of Reeusantes.

The whole Act.

7 Edw. 6. c. 4

An Acte that all patentees of Collectourshippes of Tenthes shalbe bounde for their Collections.

The whole Act.

1 Eliz. c. 4 -

An Acte for the Restitution of First Fruites, and Tenthes and Rentes reserved Nomine

Decime, and of Parsonages

Impropriate, to Thimperiall

Crowne of this Realme.

Sections five to eight inclusive and sections ten and thirteen.

2 & 3 Anne

c. 20.

An Act the title of which begins with the words "An Act for the makeing more eifectuall "

and ends with the words "for the same purpose."

Sections two, three,

and seven.

6 Anne c. 24

The Queen Annes Bounty Act,

1 706.

The whole Act.

1926.

First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926.

No. 9, 6.

xix

Session and

Chapter.

Title or Short Title.

Extent of Repeal.

6 Anne c. 54 -

The Queen Annes Bounty Act.

1707.

The whole Act.

1 Geo. 1. Stat.

2, c. 10. *

The Queen Annes Bounty Act,

1714.

Sections seventeen and eighteen.

3 Geo. 1. c. 10

The Queen Annes Bounty Act,

1716.

The whole Act.

45 Geo. 3. c.

84.

The Queen Annes Bounty Act,

1805.

Section two.

1 & 2 Vict,

c. 20.

The Queen Annes Bounty Act,

1838.

Sections two to ten inclusive.

4 & 5 Vict,

c. 39.

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act, 1841.

Section four.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 111.

The Bishops Resignation Act,

1869.

1

Section nine.

No. 6.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To establish a system of Pensions for the Clergy

(other than Diocesan Bishops), to provide for the transition from the Incumbents Resignation

Acts, 187*1 *an4 1887, to such system, and to

effect changes in the constitution and management of the ClergyPensions Institution.

[4th August 1926.]

PENSIONS.

1.—(1) This Measure shall apply to all—

(a) bishops suffragan;

(b) assistant bishops, other than bishops who render occasional assistance to diocesan bishops;

Nn 2

Scope of Measure.

No. 6.

Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

(c) chaplains of diocesan bishops;

(d) deans, canons, prebendaries, and minor canons

of cathedral and collegiate churches;

(e) archdeacons;

(f) incumbents of benefices;

(g) stipendiary assistant curates; and

(h) other clerks in Holy Orders engaged in rendering continuous and whole time assistance to

bishops or incumbents of parishes in the discharge of their duties;

who (i) on the appointed day or at any time thereafter hold office or discharge their functions in the area to

which this Measure applies, (ii) have not attained the age of fifty-five years before the appointed day, (iii) hold

a benefice, deanery, prebend or canonry or receive a

stipend, salary or emolument, the net annual value or

the annual amount of which as estimated in manner provided by this Measure for the purpose of assessing contributions hereunder exceeds one hundred pounds,

and (iv) have not been granted exemption from the provisions of this Measure.

(2) The pensions authority established by this

Measure (herein referred to as the pensions authority)

shall have power to apply this Measure to any clerk

in Holy Orders whether beneficed or unbeneficed who

(i) has attained the age of fifty-five years before the appointed day, (ii) holds or has held preferment of office in the area to which this Measure applies, and

(iii) is disabled by age or infirmity for the due performance

of the duties of such preferment or office.

(3) The pensions authority shall also have power to

apply this Measure to any bishop, priest or deacon engaged on the appointed day or at any time thereafter

in ecclesiastical, educational, charitable, or other public work (either in the area to which this Measure applies

or outside) by agreement with such bishop, priest, or

deacon.

(4) The pensions authority shall have power to grant exemption from the provisions of this Measure to any

.bishop, priest or deacon who shall (i) have attained the age of forty-two years before the appointed day, (ii) make

an application for such exemption in the prescribed

1926.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

xxi manner, and (iii) prove in the prescribed manner to the satisfaction of the pensions authority that there is

secured to him a provision for his maintenance which will be available in the event of his retirement, and which will be at least equal in value to the pension which would become payable to him under this Measure

if he wei; e not exempted from the provisions thereof in the event of his retiring after having attained the age of seventy years.

(5) The pensions authority shall, subject to the provisions of this Measure, exercise the power conferred upon them by subsection (2) of this section in such manner as will, so far as is practicable, maintain and continue the system of pensions for clergymen established

by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and shall in administering the said system of pensions conform, so

far as is possible, to the settled practice of the said

Commissioners, and to clauses 13 and 14 of the Regulations made by them dated the twenty-fifth day of February,

1915.

2.—(1) Every person to whom this Measure applies

by virtue of the provisions of subsection (1) of section one of this Measure (herein referred to as a compulsory contributor) who retires at any time after the appointed day after a qualifying period -of pensionable service as

hereby defined shall be entitled, subject to the fulfilment

by him of the conditions hereby laid down, to receive a

pension under this Measure during the remainder of his life.

(2) Every person to whom this Measure is applied

by the pensions authority under the power conferred

on the said authority by subsection (2) of section one

of this Measure (herein referred to as a non-contributing pensioner) shall receive such pension hereunder as,

subject to the provisions of this Measure, may be granted

to him by the pensions authority.

(3) Every person to whom this Measure is applied

by the pensions authority upder the power conferred on

the said authority by subsection (3) of section one of this Measure (herein referred to as a voluntary contributor) shall receive such pension hereunder as, subject

to the provisions of this Measure and of his agreement with the pensions authority, may be payable under such agreement.

Provision of pensions.

xxii

Qualifying pensionable service.

Retirement.

Conditions for the receipt of pensions.

No. G. Clwgy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 192G.

3. —(1) For the purposes of this Measure a qualifying period of pensionable service means a period of or a

succession of periods either with or without intervals amounting in the whole to not less than fifteen years commencing and terminating at the times required by

this section during which a compulsory contributor has within the area to which this Measure applies held such office or discharged such functions as constitute him a compulsory contributor or would have constituted him such a contributor if this Measure had been in

force during the whole of such qualifying period.

(2) A qualifying period of pensionable service may commence either before, on or after the appointed day,

but must not terminate more than ten years before the date of the retirement of the compulsory contributor concerned.

4. For the purposes of this Measure no bishop,

priest or deacon—

(i) shall be deemed to have retired or to be in

retirement if and so long as he holds any ecclesiastical office or preferment or curacy,

provided that the holding of an honorary canonry or a non-residentiary prebend -or a

cathedral dignity or office with a stipend not exceeding twenty pounds a year or a curacy with a stipend not exceeding a like amount shall not be deemed the holding of an

ecclesiastical office or preferment or curacy;

(ii) who has entered into the receipt or claimed

to enter into the receipt of a pension under this

Measure upon his being permanently disabled for the performance of his work .or duties shall

be deemed to have retired'or to. be in retirement if hnd so long as he undertakes ecclesiastical duty for remuneration otherwise than with the sanction given expressly for the purposes of this provision of the bishop of the diocese in

which the duty is Undertaken.

5. Subject in the # case of a non-contributing pensioner or a voluntary contributor to the terms and conditions upon which his pension is granted or agreed

to be paid by the pensions authority, every recipient of a pension under this Measure (herein referred to as a

1020. Clergy No. 6. xxiii

Pensions Measure, 1920.

pensioner) must satisfy the following conditions (that

is to say):—

(i) He must continue in retirement;

(ii) He must have attained the age of seventy years or such lesser age as th6 pensions authority may hereafter appoint, or alternatively have retired before attaining that age by reason of permanent disability for the performance of his work or duties;

(iii) He must not have resigned his pension;

(iv) He must not have executed any deed of relinquishment under the Clerical Disabilities 33 & 34 Vict.

Act, 1870; c. 91.

(v) He must continue to be a member of the

Church of England, and must not belong to

any religious body which is not in communion with the Church of England;

(vi) He must furnish to the pensions authority such evidence as such authority may from time to time require or prescribe of his right

to receive his pension;

(vii) He must not be in receipt of any pension

as a retired diocesan bishop of any diocese within the area to which this Measure applies;

(viii) He must not under ecclesiastical law or the provisions of any statute or Measure for the time being in force be incapable of holding preferment in the Church;

(ix) He must not have ipeurred a forfeiture or

a suspension of his pension.

6, — (1) Subject, to any agreement with a voluntary Payment contributor made hereunder, every pension under this and

Measure shall be by way of annuity accruing from application day to day and payable (Subject to any necessary °* pensions,

apportionment) by equal quarterly instalments on the thirty-first day of March, the thirtieth day of June,

the thirtieth day of September, and the thirty-first day of December in each year.

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Measure, a

pension under this Measure- shall be incapable of being assigned, charged, or* anticipated, and every purported assignment of or charge upon the same shall be void,

XXIV

Rates of pension.

No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

and the same shall not pass to any trustee in bankruptcy of the pensioner.

(3) A pension under this Measure may in any case where a pensioner becomes of unsound mind,

whether so found by inquisition or not, or is disabled

by mental or physical incapacity from managing his own affairs, at the discretion of the pensions .Authority,

be paid or applied by or under the direction of such authority to or for the maintenance, benefit or support

of any one or more of the following persons (that is

to say):—the pensioner, his wife, his children or remoter issue, their husbands and wives, and any other persons who, in the opinion of the pensions authority, are normally dependent on the pensioner.

(4) Provided that no instalment of a pension shall

be paid to a pensioner or applied under the provisions hereof if and so long as there are any arrears of contributions due under this Measure, or any agreement made hereunder from such pensioner to the pensions authority, and the pension # of such pensioner shall for such period as may be necessary be retained by the pensions authority and applied in discharging the said arrears, together with interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum, calculated from the respective' dates upon which the contributions in arrear were due.

(5) Provided also that in any case where a noncontributing pensioner is in receipt of a pension under the Incumbents Resignation Acts, 1871 and 1887, the pensions authority shall have power to apportion the pension granted to such pensioner under this Measure between the incumbent who has succeeded liim and himself, and to divide and pay the pension affected upon the basis of such apportionment.

7.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Measure every pension payable to *a pensioner who has been a

compulsory contributor shall be paid at the rate applicable to him under the pension table and pension rules contained in the First*Schedule to this Measure:

Provided that thp pensions authority shall have power to grant to a pensioner who has been a compulsory contributor and who has retired before attaining the age of seventy years by reason of permanent disability for the performance of his work or duties such increase

1926.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

xxv

of pension as (i) the amount of any funds applicable for the purpose by reason of the conditions subject

to which the same were given or granted will in the opinion of the pensions authority admit of, regard being had to existing and future claims upon the said funds, and (ii) is in the opinion of the pensions authority urgently required in view of the financial circumstances

of the pensioner or of his impaired health:

Provided also that in the event of the death of a

pensioner who has been a compulsory contributor within twelve months of Ms entering upon Ms pension,

the pensions authority shall pay to Ms representative the full pension for one year less any instalment thereof actually received by Mm.

(2) No pension granted to a non-contributing pensioner shall exceed the annual sum of seventy-five pounds unless, in the opinion of the pensions authority,

moneys are available for augmenting such pension under this Measure.

(3) Every pensionpayable to a pensioner who has been

a voluntary contributor shall be paid at such rate as is

provided for by his agreement with the pensions authority.

(4) Provided that no agreement shall be made with a

voluntary contributor under this Measure providing for the payment to him of a pension at any greater rate than the fund derived from the contributions of voluntary contributors hereunder is adequate to provide upon a

proper actuarial basis, but this proviso shall not apply to

any compulsory contributor who may become a voluntary -

contributor with whom an agreertient may, if the pensions authority thinks fit, be made providing for the payment

to him of a pension, at the rate which would have been applicable had'he continued to be a compulsory contributor.

Pensions Authority.

8. For the purposes of this Measure there shall be Pensions established a pensions authority consisting of a chairman authority,

nominated by the Church Assembly and twenty-five members nominated as follows (thAt is to say):—

Sixteen by the Church Assembly (and so that

of such sixteen? members not more than nine shall

be persons ordinarily resident in the Province of xxvi

Incorporation of authority.

Tenure of office.

Quorum.

Powers and duties.

No. 6. Clergy Hi & 17 Geo. 6.

Pensions Meastire, 1926.

Canterbury), five by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and the remainder in manner provided by

the Second Schedule to this Measure.

9. The pensions authority shall be a body corporate

by the name of " The Church of England Pensions Board, "

and shall have perpetual succession and a common seal,

and may hold land for the purposes of their powers and duties without any licence in mortmain.

10 . The term of office of the chairman and of every member of the pensions authority shall be determined by

the body by which he is appointed, and such body shall have power to remove him from office.

11 . Seven members of the pensions authority shall constitute a quorum.

12. The powers and duties of the pensions authority

(which may be exercised and discharged notwithstanding any vacancy in the membership of the authority) shall

be—

(a) to control and administer the system of pensions hereby established;

(b) to enter into agreements for the receipt and payment of actuarial equivalents of an^ contributions or pensions under this Measure;

(c) to make provision for the working expenses of the authority;

(d) to borrow money for the purposes of this Measure and to secure the same upon the Clergy Pensions

Fund hereby established or any of its assets;

(e) subject to the provisions of this Measure, to make standing orders governing and t otherwise to

regulate the conduct of the business of the

• authority;

(f) to decide questions and appeals under this

Measure;

(g) to appoint such officers and servants as may be

necessary for the purpose of carrying this

Measure into effect, and to determine their duties and remuneration;

(h) to appoint such committees consisting of members

of the authority as the authority may consider desirable, and, subject to the provisions of this

1920.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

Mo. 6.

xxvi

Measure, to delegate to such committees any powers and duties of the authority;

(i) to make byelaws for prescribing anything which

is to be prescribed under this Measure, and generally for the purpose of carrying this

Measure into effect.

13. No byelaw made by the pensions authority Byelaws,

under this Measure shall come into force until it has been submitted for approval to and approved by the Church

Assembly.

14. Impressions of the common seal of the pensions Judicial authority shall be judicially noticed and admitted in notice of evidence. seal -

15. Prima facie evidence of any byelaw made by the Proof of pensions authority and approved by the Church Assembly byelaw,

under this Measure or any decision given by such authority upon the determination of any question or appeal under this Measure may be given by producing a copy of the byelaw or decision sealed with the common seal of the pensions authority.

Pension Funds.

16.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Measure Sources of the moneys required for pensions payable hereunder for pension the working expenses of the pensions authority and other- binds,

wise for the purpose of carrying this Measure into effect

(herein referred to collectively as the purposes of this

Measure) shall be derived primarily from contributions made under the provisions hereof and of any agreement made hereunder by persons t whom this Measure applies, and any deficiency shall be made good by the following moneys, investments, and property :—

. (a) moneys received by the pensions authority from the Central Boajd of Finance of the Church of England (herein referred to as the Central

Board);

(6) capital and other moneys payable to the pensions authority under the provisions of this Measure

by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

(c) any moneys payable, transferable or assignable

to the pensions authority by the Clergy Pensions

Institution under the provisions of this Measure

or otherwise;

xxviii

No. 6.

Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

(d) any grants made to the pensions authority for the purposes of this Measure by the Ecclesiastical

Insurance Office, Limited;

(e) subject to any conditions imposed by the testators

or other donors, testamentary and other gifts and grants made to the pensions authority for the purposes of this Measure; and ,

(f) charges upon the revenues of benefices created under the provisions of this Measure (herein referred to as the transitional provisions) relating to the transition from the Incumbents

Resignation Acts, 1871 and 1887, to the system

of pensions hereby established.

(2) Provided that pensions payable hereunder to pensioners who have been voluntary contributors (other than voluntary contributors who have entered into such an

agreement as is expressly authorised by subsection (4) of section seven of this Measure) shall be payable exclusively out of the contributions made by such pensioners in

priority to any other application of such contributions.

(3) Provided also that pensions granted hereunder to

non-contributing pensioners shall be payable exclusively out of the capital and other moneys payable under the provisions of this Measure to the pensions authority by

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in priority to any other application of such moneys, but may be augmented out of testamentary and other gifts and grants made to the pensions authority upon the condition of their being applied exclusively or primarily in providing such augmentation together with any surplus of the Clergy Pensions Fund hereby established which, under the provisions of this

Measure, may become applicable for the same purpose.

Contribu- 17. — (1) Every compulsory contributor shall be

tions. liable to make contributions for the purposes of this

Measure (herein referred to as contributions) in accordance with the rules set out in the Third Schedule to this

Measure (herein referred to as the contribution rules).

(2) The collection of contributions due from compulsory contributors shall be effected in accordance with the provisions in that behhlf of the contribution rules.

(3) Every voluntary contributor shall pay to the pensions authority such contributions &s shall be provided for

by his agreement with the said authority.

1926.

Clergy

Pension Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

XXIX

18. The Church Assembly shall make provision for Grant by

the payment by the Central Board to the pensions the Church authority for the purposes of this Measure out of moneys Assembly,

subject to the disposition of the Church Assembly of an

annual sum of not less than fifty thousand pounds.

19. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall, out of Grant by

their Common Fund, pay or transfer to the pensions the Eccle-

authority for the purposes of this Measure— siastical

(i) a capital sum of three hundred and fifty thousand s i on ers.

pounds or equivalent investments agreed upon between the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the pensions authority, such sum or equivalent investments to be paid or transferred within one month from the appointed day;

(ii) so long as any annuities granted by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners at any time before the appointed day either in aid of pensions for retired incumbents or in relief of charges imposed

on benefices under the Incumbents Resignation

Acts, 1871 and 1887, or by way of pension grants for unbeneficed clergymen are still continuing,

such sum in each year as shall be equal to

the difference between the sum of one hundred thousand pounds and the sum required to meet the said annuities in such year, an apportioned part of such difference being payable in respect

of the period between the appointed day and the end of the year containing the appointed day;

(iii) after the cesser of all the said annuities granted

by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners the sum of one hundred thousand pounds in each year.

20. Notwithstanding anything in any statute or

Measure, the - Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall not at

any time after the djay immediately preceding the appointed day grant any pension out of their Common

Fund to any retired incumbent or unbeneficed clergyman

or other retired clerk in holy orders, or (except under the provisions of this Measure) ihake any grant out of their

Common Fund in aid of any such pension.

Further pensions not

to be

granted

by the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

21. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall have Further power to make from time to time to the pensions authority grants by

for the purposes of' this Measure grants out of their Eocle-

xxx No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

Common Fund of such amounts as they may deem expedient, and any such grant may be made either with

or without the condition that the same shall be applied

by the pensions authority exclusively or primarily in

augmenting the pensions of non-contributing pensioners.

Clergy 22.—(1) The Clergy Pensions Institution (in this

Pensions section referred to as ‘ the Institution ’) shall continue to

Institution. an incorporated company, but as from the commencement of the appointed day—

(i) the persons then members of the Institution shall cease to be members thereof, and they and all past members of the Institution shall be

exonerated and discharged from all liability to

contribute to the assets of the Institution in the event of the same being wound up;

(ii) the members from time to time of the pensions authority shall be the members of the Institution,

and in lieu of any guarantee by the members there shall be contributed to the assets of the

Institution out of the Clergy Pensions Fund hereby established, in the event of the Institution being wound up for payment of its detits and liabilities, and of the costs, charges and expenses

of the winding up, such amount as may be

required not exceeding five thousand pounds;

(iii) the undertaking of the Institution shall be

continued but solely for the purpose of fulfilling the engagements and liabilities of the Institution existing on the day immediately preceding the appointed day in accordance with the rules of the several funds of the Institution (in this section referred to as the Rules) as modified by

this Measure;

(iv) the directors of the Institution shall vacate office and all powers vested in the directors under the

Memorandum and' Articles of Association of the

Institution, and the Rules shall be vested in and exerciseable by the pensions authority; and

(v) No person shall be admitted as a beneficiary of the

Institution.

Commissioners.

1920.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

XXXI

(2) The engagements and liabilities of the Institution shall be fulfilled in accordance with the following provisions (that is to say):—

(i) any augmentation granted under the Rules to

beneficiaries who are beneficiaries but not pensioners on the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, shall be granted upon the footing of the rates of augmentation adopted

by the Institution and the conditions governing the grant of augmentation in the year nineteen hundred and twenty-four being applicable to

them, but no augmentation shall be granted

to any person admitted as a beneficiary between the thirtieth day of June, nineteen hundred and twenty-six, and the appointed day;

(ii) compound interest at the rate of three and one-quarter per cent, per annum shall, as

from the commencement of the appointed day, be paid or credited to any beneficiary who is a compulsory contributor upon any contributions to the annuity fund of the

Institution in any case where under the Rules compound interest at the rate of two and one-half per cent, would have been paid or

credited;

(iii) a beneficiary who is a compulsory contributor shall not be required to pay any further contributions to the annuity fund of the

Institution, and any such beneficiary receiving

a repayment of contributions or reducing or

discontinuing the same shall, notwithstanding such repayment, reduction, or discontinuance,

be entitled to receive the same augmentation

as he would have received if such repayment,

reduction or discontinuance had not been effected;

(iv) The Clergy Pensions Fund established by this

Measure shall stand charged in priority to

all other liabilities an^ obligations of the fund by way of guarantee with the payment

of all annuities, augmentation and other sums from time to time payable under the rules

as modified by this Measure;

xxxii

No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

(v) as from the commencement of the appointed day interest shall be credited at the rate of three and one-quarter per cent, per annum upon the amount held by the Institution

at the disposal of each diocesan committee.

(3) At the expiration of a period of five years from the appointed day, and of every ^subsequent period of five years, a special consolidated audit and valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Institution and of the Clergy Pensions Fund hereby established respectively shall be held and made by an actuary and the auditor for the time being of the Clergy Pensions

Fund, and if, upon such audit and valuation, it shall appear, and if the actuary shall certify, that the assets

of the Institution, after providing such reserves as

the actuary may think proper, are more than sufficient

to discharge the liabilities imposed thereon, so as to

render available a surplus of an amount to be specified

in the actuary’s certificate, such surplus shall be paid and transferred by the Institution to the pensions authority for the purposes of this Measure; but if

upon such audit and valuation it shall appear and if

the actuary shall certify that the assets of the Clergy

Pensions Fund are insufficient to discharge the liabilities imposed thereon under this Measure, including the guarantee created by this section, the actuary shall certify what provisions are necessary to make good the deficiency so as to make effective the guarantee created by this section, and such provisions shall be

made and given effect to in accordance with such certificate. *

(4) If upon the winding up or dissolution of the

Institution there remains after satisfaction of all its

debts and liabilities any property whatsoever, the same shall be transferred to' the pensions authority for the purposes of this Measure.

(5) A copy of this section shall be embodied in

every copy of the memorandum of association of the

Institution issued after the appointed day.

(6) Such alterations shall be introduced into the articles of association of the Institution and the rules

as will bring the same respectively into conformity with the provisions of this section.

1926.

No. 6.

XXX111

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

General.

23.—(1) If any question shall arise—

(a) as to whether this Measure applies to any bishop, priest, or deacon, or

(b) in the case of any bishop, priest, or deacon,

•to whom this Measure applies—

(i) as to the length of his qualifying period of pensionable service (if any) or

the date upon which such qualifying period terminated;

(ii) as to whether he has retired and on

what date;

(iii) as to whether he satisfies the conditions laid down for the receipt of a

pension under this Measure, or the terms and conditions upon which his pension is

granted or agreed to be paid;

(iv) as to the rate at which his pension

is to be paid, and whether any deductions are to be made therefrom in respect of , arrears of contributions;

(v) as to the correctness of his assessment

to contributions or of any estimate of the value of his benefice or of any other estimate

or valuation affecting him, made under the contributions rules; or

(vi) as to his right to a repayment

of any contribution* made by him,

such question shall be decided in manner provided by

this section.

(2) Every question to which this section refers shall

(except where the question is .whether the bishop, priest

or deacon concerned is permanently disabled for the performance of his work or duties) be decided by the pensions authority at a meeting specially convened for the purpose of deciding such question.

(3) Any question as to whether a bishop, priest or

deacon is permanently .disabled for the performance of his work or duties shall be decided by a board of two or

more medical referees to be appointed by the pensions authority.

O o

Determination of questions.

xxxiv No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

(4) Every decision of a board of medical referees under this section shall be final and conclusive and not subject to appeal to any court, except where the person affected by such decision contends that the same is

erroneous in point of law, in which case such person may appeal to the pensions authority, who shall decide any question or questions of law involved at-a meeting specially convened for that purpose.

, (5) Every decision of the pensions authority under this section shall be given after hearing the bishop,

priest or deacon concerned, or his agent.

62 & 63 Vict. (6) The Arbitration Act, 1889, shall not apply to

c - 49 - any proceedings under this section.

(7) Any person aggrieved by a decision of the pensions authority under this section may, within such limits of time and in such manner as may be prescribed

by Rules of Court, appeal from that decision to the High

Court, and the decision of that Court on any such appeal shall be final.

Cfergy 24.—(1) For the purposes of this Measure there shall

Pensions be established, under the control and management of the

Fund - pensions authority, a fund called the Clergy Pensions

Fund, to the credit of which all moneys, investments and property derived from the several sources mentioned in

section sixteen hereof shall be paid and transferred and out of which all disbursements for the purposes of this

Measure shall be made.

(2) All moneys paid into the Clergy Pensions Fund which are derived from contributions by eompulsory contributors and voluntary contributors respectively,

and any other moneys which under the provisions of this Measure or the conditions of any gift or grant to the pensions authority are applicable exclusively or primarily for a particular purpose or are subject to any charge shall respectively be carried to separate accounts, to

which distinct assets and investments shall be allocated.

(3) The Board of Trade shall from time to time appoint an auditor of the Clergy Pensions Fund and fix his remuneration, and such auditor shall hold office

so long as the Board of Trade think fit, and shall audit the accounts of the Clergy Pensions Fund at such times,

and make reports to the Church Assembly upon the

No. 6.

XXXV

1926. Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

accounts examined by him in such form, as the Board of Trade may direct.

(4) Any moneys forming part of the Clergy Pensions

Fund may be invested in the name of the pensions authority in the purchase by annual premiums of deferred annuities in any life assurance office approved by the pensions authority or in and upon any investments and securities for the time being authorised by law for the investment of trust funds, but so that any investments *

or securities transferred hereunder by the Ecclesiastical

Commissioners or by the Clergy Pensions Institution or

received by the pensions authority under any testamentary or other gift or grant, though not falling within this class of investments and securities, may be

retained if the pensions authority so determine.

(5) The pensions authority shall present annually

to the Church Assembly a report showing the working of the Clergy Pensions Fund, and there shall be a special audit and valuation by an actuary of that Fund once at

least in every five years from the appointed day, \diere-

upon a report shall be presented to the Church

Assembly.

25. If at any time after the expiration of one year Application from the appointed day it shall appear to the pensions of surplus,

authority after the audit and valuation hereinbefore provided for that the Clergy Pensions Fund is more than sufficient to discharge the liabilities imposed thereon under this Measure, the pensions authority may prescribe the application of the surplus or of any part thereof for all

or any of the following purposes :—

(i) The increase of the pensions payable under this

Measure to pensioners who have been compulsory

• contributors or. any class of them;

(ii) The reduction of the contributions payable under this Measure by compulsory contributors or any class of them; ,

(iii) The increase of the pensions payable under *

agreements made under, this Measure to pensioners who have been voluntary contributors or

any class of them;

9

(iv) The augmentation of pensions granted under this

Measure to non-contributing pensioners;

xxxvi

No. 6.

Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

Ecclesiastical discipline.

Transition from the

Incumbents

Resignation

Acts, 1871

and 1887.

(v) Provision for the widows and orphans of persons

to whom this Measure applies either by way of pension, terminable annuity, or otherwise;

(vi) The reduction of the age of seventy years laid down by section five of this Measure;

(vii) Any other purpose which in the opinion of the pensions authority is beneficial to the" persons to

whom this Measure applies.

26. Every pensioner shall remain subject to

ecclesiastical discipline and to the provisions of any statute or measure for the time being in force relating to

the discipline of the clergy, and in applying any such statute or measure to a pensioner the following provisions shall have effect (that is to say):—

(i) in any case where a bishop has power to declare a

preferment held in his diocese to be vacant on the ground of the criminal conviction of the holder of such preferment or on any other ground, he shall have power on the same grounds to declare the

• pension of a pensioner to be forfeited;

(ii) in any case where a court has jurisdiction to

pronounce on any ground a sentence of deprivation of or suspension from preferment, such court shall have jurisdiction to pronounce upon the same ground a sentence of forfeiture or

suspension of a pension under this Measure; and

(iii) a pensioner shall be deemed to hold preferment

in any place where he temporarily or permanently resides.

27. —(1) For the purpose of providing for the transition from the Incumbents Resignation Acts, 1871

and 1887 (in this section referred to as the Resignation

Acts), to the system of pensions hereby established, the following provisions shall have effect:—

(i) In any case where p compulsory contributor who was admitted to deacon’s orders before the appointed day—

(a) is about to retire, and, in the opinion of the pensions authority, is entitled to enter upon the receipt of a pension under this

Measure, and

1026. Clergy No. 6. xxxvii

Pensions Measure, 1926.

(b) has held for any period immediately before his retirement a benefice, the annual value of which exceeds, in the opinion of the pensions authority, three hundred and fifty pounds,

the bishop of the diocese in which such benefice

is. situate, shall, at the request of the pensions authority cause a commission to issue under his hand and seal.

(ii) Such commission shall be constituted as if it were

a commission under the Resignation Acts and may exercise the powers of such a commission and, so far as circumstances shall permit, shall proceed in manner laid down by the Resignation

Acts, but solely for the purpose of determining the questions which, under the provisions of this section, are to be determined by such commission;

(iii) Every commission under this section shall determine and in their return certify the annual value

of the benefice to which the commission relates and also, in any case where—

(a) such annual value exceeds five hundred and twenty-five pounds;

(b) one-third part of such annual value exceeds the pension under this Measure upon the receipt of which the retiring incumbent concerned is about to enter; and

(c) such retiring incumbent is vacating a

benefice held by him on the appointed day,

and claims before the commission that his pension under this Measure should be augmented,

whether it is in all the circumstances of the case expedient that any and what'augmentation not exceeding such an annual sum as together with such pension will be* equal to one-third part of such annual value be granted;

(iv) In any case where in the return to a commission under this section it is certified that the annual value of the’benefice to which the commission relates exceeds three hundred and fifty pounds.

No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

the bishop issuing the commission shall by a

declaration made, with the necessary modifications, in the same manner and with the like effects as a declaration by a bishop under the

Resignation Acts, charge the revenues of the benefice concerned with the payment to the pensions authority for the purposes of this

Measure of an annual sum equal to the least in

amount of the following sums (namely):—

(a) the pension under this Measure upon the receipt of which the retiring incumbent is

about to enter;

(b) one-third part of the annual value of the benefice from which such incumbent is

retiring; and

(c) the difference between such annual value and three hundred and fifty pounds:

Provided that if it is also certified that in all the circumstances of the case it is expedient that such augmentation as aforesaid be granted the charge to be created by the declaration of the bishop hereunder shall be increased by an

annual sum equal to the amount of the augment- *

ation recommended:

(v) A charge in favour of the pensions authority created under the provisions of this section shall,

subject to the provisions of this section—

(a) have the same incidents as a pension under the Resignation Acts, and accordingly,

but without 'prejudice to any other remedy

be recoverable as a debt by the pensions authority, and, '

(b) continue for the same period as the pension under this Measure of the retiring incumbent concerned.

(2) For the purposes of this section the annual value

of benefices shall be estimated in manner laid down by the

Resignation Acts.

(3) The pensions authority shall give notice to the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners and to Queen Anne’s Bounty

of any charge on the revenues of a benefice created under this section, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and

1926.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

XXXIX

Queen Anne’s Bounty respectively shall, in any case where the incumbent of the benefice charged is in receipt of any augmentation grant or other moneys from the said Commissioners or from Queen Anne’s Bounty, apply the same

so far as the same will extend or are Required in satisfying such charge:

Provided that no portion of any augmentation grant

or other moneys required to meet contributions under this Measure in accordance with the provisions of the contribution rules shall be applied in satisfying any charge created under this section.

(4) In any case where, under the provisions of this section, a commission has certified that it is expedient that such augmentation as aforesaid be granted, and the charge created hereunder has been increased accordingly the pensions authority shall out of the Clergy

Pensions Fund augment the pension under this Measure

of the pensioner who has retired from the incumbency

of the benefice subject to the increased charge by an

annual sum equal to the amount of the increase:

Provided that references in the foregoing subsections of this section to the pension of a pensioner

• who is granted augmentation hereunder shall be construed

as referring to his pension under this Measure apart from any augmentation of the same under this subsection.

(5) In any case where the revenues of a benefice already charged with a pension under the Resignation

Acts become subject to a further charge under this section, such further charge shall be suspended until such pension has determined.

(6) The .provisions of the Resignation Acts—

(i) relating* to the resignation or avoidance of benefices:

w •

(ii) requiring any consent of a patron;

(iii) as to the commencement, cesser, diminution,

or variation of pensions;

(iv) as to expenses arfd costs;

and any other provisions of the said Acts in conflict with the provisions of this section shall not apply to

commissions issued and charges upon the revenues of benefices created under this section or to pensioners who have held benefices affected by such charges.

xl No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

(7) The expenses of commissions under this Measure shall be paid by the pensions authority out of the Clergy

Pensions Fund according to a scale to be prescribed

by the said authority.

(8) Subject to the provisions of this section no

pension shall at any time after the day immediately preceding the appointed day be granted under the

Resignation Acts to an incumbent who has not attained the age of fifty-five years before the appointed day.

(9) A pension under the Resignation Acts shall

be deemed to be granted on the day on which the incumbency affected becomes void and such pension commences.

Pensions 28. —(1) No pension shall at any time after the under Deans day immediately preceding the appointed day be granted and Canons under the Deans and Canons Resignation Act, 1872,

Act 1872. f° any dean, canon or minor canon, who has not

35 & 36 Vict, attained the age of fifty-five years before the appointed

c. 8. day.

(2) A pension under the said Act shall be deemed

* to be granted on the day of the date of the bishop’s

certificate certifying the incapacity of the dean, canon

or minor canon concerned.

Curate’s 29. —(1) There shall be added to the stipendiary declaration curate’s declaration set out in section three of the

an dl rr . Clerical Subscription Act, 1865, at the end of such

28 122 Vict declaration the words "except in respect of contributions

i . under the Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926."

(2) A bishop shall, upon his specifying in a licence granted by him to a stipendiary curate the amount

of the stipend to be paid to the curate, add, in such form as he shall think fit, words to the' same effect

as the words which are to be added to the stipendiary curate’s declaration under this section.

t

Reciprocal 30. — (1) The pensions authority may enter into arrange- reciprocal arrangements with the authority controlling withother anc administering any pension scheme for providing

Churches. pensions for the clergy of any church to which this section applies under which—

(i) any bishop, priest or deacon to whom this

Measure applies who is ministering or is about

to minister in any church to which this section

1926. Clergy No. 6. *li

Pensions Measure, 1926.

applies, may, if the pensions authority so

determine, be transferred to the pension scheme

of that church;

(ii) any bishop, priest or deacon to whom this

Measure has become applicable who has ministered in any church to which this section applies may in substance retain in such manner and to such extent as the reciprocal arrangements shall provide any right to or expectations

of a pension which he may already have acquired.

(2) A bishop, priest or deacon transferred hereunder

to the pension scheme of a church to which this section applies shall, as from the date of his transfer, cease to

have any right or claim to receive at any time a pension

or a return of contributions under this Measure, but so

that the pensions authority shah have power to reinstate him in the position of a person to whom this Measure applies upon such terms and conditions as such authority may deem expedient.

(3) The pensions authority may prescribe byelaws *

for the purpose of carrying into effect the provisions of this section, and such byelaws may provide for the payment out of or into the Clergy Pensions Fund of any moneys payable or receivable under any reciprocal arrangements authorised by this section.

(4) No voluntary contributor shall be transferred under this section to the pension scheme of any church unless he shall consent to such transfer.

(5) This section shall apply to all episcopal churches in communion with the Church of England in

which clerks ip Holy Orders of the Church of England are admitted to ijnnister.

31.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this section in Returns of any case where a compulsory contributor— contribu-

(i) retires otherwise than after a qualifying period of tions -

% pensionable service, or

(ii) dies before entering upon the receipt of a pension under this Measure,

the pensions authority shall repay to him or to his representative out of the Clergy Pensions Fund—

(i) such a sum as* shall be equal to the aggregate of all contributions paid by him under this Measure xlii

Determination of age.

Invitation

to parishes

to provide contributions.

Burnley

Rectory

Act, 1890.

r>3 & 54 Vict 54 Vict.

c v xxiii.

No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

together with compound interest at the rate of two and one-half per cent, per annum with annual rests upon each contribution repaid calculated from the date of the payment thereof, or

(ii) in the case of a compulsory contributor admitted

to deacon’s orders after the day immediately preceding the appointed day who dies before he

has entered upon the receipt* of a pension under this Measure, either

(a) such a sum as aforesaid, or

(b) the sum of two hundred pounds,

whichever shall be the greater.

(2) The benefits conferred by this section shall be

incapable of being assigned by any instrument or act inter vivos or of being charged or anticipated, and the same shall not pass to any trustee in bankruptcy of the compulsory contributor entitled to the same.

(3) Any arrears of contributions due from a

compulsory contributor entitled to any repayment under this section shall be deducted by the pensions authority from the moneys repaid, together with interest at the rate of five per cent, per annum calculated from the respective dates upon which the contributions in arrear were due.

32. For the purposes of this Measure a person shall

be deemed not to have attained the age of fifty-five years until the commencement of the fifty-fifth anniversary of the day of his birth, and similarly with regard to other ages.

33. The pensions authority shall send to parochial church councils (or churchwardens where there is no

council) a notification of the charges imposed by this measure upon their parochial clergy, "and shall invite the diocesan board of finance in every diocese to frame a

scheme under which with the co-operation of the parochial church councils of the diocese (or the churchwardens where there is no council) such provision as circumstances admit of may be made either by means of a capital fund

or otherwise for exonerating the parochial clergy from the said charges. •

34. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of the

Burnley Rectory Act, 1890, the incumbent of the rectory

of Burnley shall be under a like liability to pay contri-

1926. Clergy No. 6. xliii

Pensions Measure, 1926.

butions under this Measure and have the like right to a

pension hereunder on retirement as the incumbents of other benefices:

Provided that no charge shall be created on the revenues of the rectory of Burnley under the transitional provisions of this Measure.

35. Ih this Measure— Interpreta-

The expression "prescribed" means prescribed by tion-

byelaws under this Measure;

The expression "actuary" means a Fellow of the

Institute of Actuaries, or of the Faculty of Actuaries in Scotland.

36. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section Commence-

this Measure shall come into force on the appointed day. ment.

(2) The appointed day shall be such day subsequent

to the day on which this Measure receives the Royal

Assent as the Archbishops of Canterbury and York by

writing under their respective hands and archiepiscopal seals shall jointly determine.

(3) The determination of the appointed day under this section shall be notified by advertisement in the

" London Gazette." *

(4) The provisions of this Measure establishing the pensions authority shall come into forcp on the passing

of this Measure.

37. This Measure may be cited as the Clergy Pen- Short title,

sions Measure, 1926.

38. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section Extent,

this Measure shall extend to the whole of the Provinces

of Canterbury .and York including the Isle of Man but not including the Channel Islands.

(2) The provisions of this Measure relating to noncontributing pensioners and ’the transitional provisions hereof shall not apply to the Isle of Man.

* 39. The enactment and measure set out in the Repeal.

Fourth Schedule to this Measure are hereby repealed to

the extent mentioned in the third column of that schedule.

* The day thus appointed was 1st January, 1927; see " London

Gazette, " 30th November, 1926, at p. 7831.

xliv

No. 6.

Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

SCHEDULES.

Section 7. THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Pension Table.

Qualifying period of pensionable service.

Rate of Pension in cases where the pension is

entered upon at or above the age of 70.

Example of rate of Pension on retirement

by reason of permanent disability under the age of 70. *

15 years

34

100

16

38

102

17

42

104

18

46

106

19

50

108

20

55

110

21

60

112

22

65

114

23

70

116

24

75

118

25

33

80

120

26

86

122

27

92

124

28

3 5

98

126

29

33

105

128

30

33

' 112

130

31

120

132

32

33

128

- 134

33

137

. 136

34

146

138

35

155

140

36

>3

1(>4

142

37

33

173

144

38

182

146

39

31

191

148

40 years (or over)

200

150

* Note :—This rate illustrates the working of Rule 1 of Part II. of this

Schedule in the case of pensioners who (i) are admitted to deacon's orders before attaining the age of 30; (ii) continue to render qualifying pensionable service until retirement; and (iii) retire by reason of permanent disability under the age of 70.

1926.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

xlv

Part II.

Pension Rules.

1. The rate of pension of a pensioner who has retired by

reason of permanent disability under the age of 70 shall be

ascertained by dividing by two the pension which such pensioner would havo entered upon had he continued to render qualifying pensionable service until attaining the age of 70 and had then retired, and by adding until a maximum rate of £150 is reached

£2 for each complete year of the excess of his qualifying period of pensionable service over 15 years.

2. The pensions of deans and canons (not being -minor canons) of cathedral and collegiate churches, appointed before the appointed day, to whom the Deans and Canons Resignation

Act, 1872, would, if this Measure had not been passed, have applied, shall be paid at the fixed rates of four hundred and fifty pounds per annum in the case of a dean, and three hundred pounds per annum in the case of a canon, and the Pension Table contained in Part I. of this Schedule, and Rule 1 of these Rules shall not apply to them.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

1. Four members of the pensions authority shall, subject to

the provisions of this Schedule, be nominated by the Church

Assembly from among the beneficiaries of the Clergy Pensions

Institution.

2. Of such four members one to be selected by the Church

Assembly shall vacate office when and so soon as the total number

of the beneficiaries of the Institution in existence on the appointed day is reduced by reason of death or otherwise by two thousand.

3. A second and third of such four members selected as

aforesaid shall respectively vacate office when and so soon as the said total number of the said beneficiaries is reduced in manner aforesaid by four thousand and , six thousand inclusive in each case of the previous reductions.

4. The remaining of such four members shall vacate office when, and so soon as, the total tiumber of the said beneficiaries does not exceed five hundred.

5. The place of any member^ i5f the pensions authority vacating office under the provisions of this Schedule shall be filled upon the nomination of _the Church Assembly, both in respect of the vacancy provided for by this Schedule and of every subsequent vacancy.

Section 8.

xlvi

No. 6.

Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

Section THE THIRD SCHEDULE.

Contribution Rules.

1.—(a) Subject to the provisions of this Schedule every compulsory contributor (in this Schedule referred to as a contributor) shall pay contributions half-yearly at the rate applicable

to him under the following table :—

Contribution Table.

Amount of Assessable

Clerical Income.

Amount of half-yearly

Contribution,

s.

d.

Exceeding 100Z. but not exceeding 125Z.

1

17

6

, 125Z.

150 Z.

2

5

0

, 150Z.

99

175Z.

2

12

6

, 175Z.

99

200Z.

3

0

0

, 200Z.

225Z.

3

7

6

, 225Z.

99

250Z. ‘

3

15

0

, 250Z.

99

275Z.

4

2

6

, 275Z.

99

300Z.

4

10

0

, 300Z.

99

325Z.

4

17

6

» 325Z.

99

350Z.

5

5

0

, 350Z.

99

375Z.

5

12

6

375Z.

99

400Z.

6

0

0

, 400Z.

99

425Z.

6

7

6

, 425Z.

450Z.

6

15

0

, 450Z.

99

475Z.

7

2

6

, 475Z.

99

500Z.

7

10

0

, 500Z.

99

525Z.

- '

’ -

7

17

6

, 525Z.

99

550Z.

' -

8

5

0

, 550Z.

99

575Z.

8

12

6

, 575Z.

99 °

600Z.

9

0

0

, 600Z.

99

625Z.

9

7

6

, 625Z.

99

650 1.

9

15

0

, 650Z.

675Z.

10

2

6

, 675Z.

99

700Z.

10

10

0

{ b)Where the assessable clerical income exceeds 700Z. the amount of the half-yearly contribution payable shall be ascertained

by adding to 10Z. 10s. seven shillings and sixpence, with a further increase of seven shillings and sixpence for each complete 25 1.

of income in excess of 700Z.

1920.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

xlvii

(c) Provided that a contributor who has attained the age of 70 years and has not retired, but whose qualifying period of pensionable service, if and when he retires, will be not less than

40 years, shall be exempt from the payment of contributions.

2. For the purposes of Rule 1 assessable clerical income means the net annual value of any benefice, deanery, prebend

or canonry held by the contributor, together with the net annual value of his parsonage house or house of residence (if any), or

the annual amount of the stipend, salary or emolument received

by him in respect of the office or function by virtue whereof this

Measure applies to him, and so that such annual values and other sources of income shall be aggregated in any case where more than one preferment is held by a contributor, or where this Measure applies to a contributor in more than one capacity.

3. Subject to the provisions of these rules the net annual values of benefices, deaneries, prebends, and canonries, and of parsonage houses and houses of residence, and the amount of any stipend, salary or emolument shall be estimated by the pensions authority:—

(i) in the case of benefices according to the Returns of parochial statistics made to the Church Assembly, and

so that in the case of any estimate made within one year from the appointed day the Returns for the year

‘ nineteen hundred and twenty-five shall be adopted, and

in the case of any other estimate the Returns for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the estimate is made;

(ii) in the case of a parsonage house or house of residence according to the annual value thereof for the purpose

of the enactments relating to income tax, but subject to

the deduction of the sum (if any) by which such annual value exceeds one-eighth of the net annual value of the benefice, deanery, prebend or canonry to which such parsonage house or house of residence belongs estimated

in mafiner laid down by this rule;

(iii) in the case of stipends 4 paid to stipendiary assistant curates according to the stipends assigned to them by

their respective licences;

(iv) in any other case (including any case where the said

Returns or the said licences do not, in the opinion of the pensions authority, afford proper evidence for an

estimate) in such manner as the pensions authority may think sufficient;

and the pensions authority shall assess contributors to contributions according to such estimates:

xlviii No. 6. Clergy 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

Provided that any pension under the Incumbents Resignation Acts, 1871 and 1887, or the Deans and Canons Resignation

Act, 1872, and any charge created under the transitional provisions of this Measure, shall be allowed as a deduction in

estimating the net annual value of benefices, deaneries, and canonries under these rules.

4. It shall be the duty of every bishop, priest and deacon

to answer in writing any question addressed to him by the pensions authority for the purpose of obtaining evidence upon which to

found an estimate or assessment under these rules, and to furnish the pensions authority with such information and such documents

as such authority shall reasonably require for the same purposes.

5. Assessments under these rules shall be communicated to

the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and it shall be the duty of the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners in any case where either—

(a) an assessed contributor is in receipt of any augmentation grant or other moneys from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners; or

(b) an assessed contributor is paid the stipend, salary or

emolument upon which he is assessed by a person in

receipt of any augmentation grant or other moneys from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners;

to deduct the assessed contribution from the next payment made

by them in respect of such augmentation grant or other moneys and to pay the same to the pensions authority.

6. Alternatively, collection of contributions assessed under these rules may, where circumstances admit and the pensions authority deem it expedient, be effected through Queen Anne’s

Bounty, and in any such case the last preceding rule shall mutatis mutandis apply to such collection.

7. In any case where any contribution is deducted and paid

to the pensions authority by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or

by Queen Anne’s Bounty under these rules, such deduction and payment shall discharge—

(a) the contributor assessed to such contribution from his liability in respect thereof;

(b) the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Queen Anne’s Bounty,

as the case may be, from all liabilities and duties arising otherwise than under these rttles in respect of so much

of the augmentation grant or other moneys as is

deducted;

(o) any- person liable 'to pay a stipend, salary or emolument

in respect of which the contribution is assessed from such part of the instalment or payment in respect thereof payable next after the deduction has been made as is equal to the deducted contribution.

1926.

Clergy

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 6.

xlix

8. In any case where an assessed contribution is not collected

by deduction under these rules, it shall be paid to the pensions authority at their principal office by the assessed contributor except where he is assessed in respect of a stipend, salary or

emolument paid to him by the incumbent of a benefice, in which case the payment shall be made by such incumbent, who shall

by virtue of such payment be discharged from so much of the instalment t>f, or payment in respect of, such stipend, salary or

emolument payable next after the payment by him of the contribution as is equal to the amount of the contribution:

Provided that a contributor assessed in respect of a stipend,

salary, or emolument paid to him by the incumbent of a benefice shall, where the pensions authority so direct, pay his contributions,

or any of them, directly to the said authority at their principal office.

9. The sending by post by the pensions authority to an

assessed contributor or such an incumbent as is mentioned in the last preceding rule of a written demand for the payment of an

assessed contribution stating the amount thereof and addressed to

the contributor or incumbent at his last known place of residence shall be prima facie evidence that a contribution of the amount mentioned in the demand is due and owing from or payable by

the contributor or the incumbent as the case mky be.

1CL All moneys due from a contributor or from an incumbent

of a benefice liable for the payment of contributions under these rules shall be a debt due to, and recoverable by, the pensions authority from such contributor or incumbent.

11. Contributions shall be payable under these rules on the appointed day, upon such day as shall be later in date by six months and upon every anniversary of such days respectively and upon the basis of the value (as computed under these rules)

of the benefice, deanery, canonry or prebend held or house of residence or parsonage house occupied or the amount of stipend,

salary or emolument ip course of receipt on the appointed day,

the day six months later in date or the anniversary of either of such days as the case may be without any apportionment for broken periods of less than six months, and so that no contribution shall be payable in respect of a clerical income received for,

or in respect of a period which does not include the appointed day the day six months later in date or some anniversary of one

of those days.

12. The pensions authority shall ’have power to prescribe byelaws providing for a valuation (either general or partial) of benefices for the purpose? of these rules being made at such time

or times and according to such principles as such authority may think fit.

Pp

1

No. 6, 7.

Clergy 16 &? 17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

Section 39.

Scope of Measure.

Bishops to

receive pensions from

Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

32 & 33 Vict,

c. 111.

THE FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Enactment and Measure Repealed.

Session and Chapter.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

35 Vict., c. 8

The Deans and

Canons Resignation Act, 1872.

The whole, except in respect

of persons who have attained the age of fifty-

five years before the appointed day.

11 & 12 Geo. V.,

No. 2.

The Ecclesiastical

Commissioners

Measure, 1921.

The whole Measure.

No. 7.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

of the Church of England

To provide for Bishops’ Pensions.

[15th December 1926.]

1. This Measure shall apply to the bishop of every diocesan bishopric in England, whether created before or

after the passing of this Measure, except the bishopric

of Sodor and Man.

2. Every bishop to whom this Measure applies who—

(a) with or without proceedings under the Bishops ’

Resignation Act, 1869, resigns his bishopric on

or after attaining the age of seventy years, or

(b) under the provisions of the Bishops’ Resignation Act, 1869, resigns his bishopric before attaining the age of seventy years shall be entitled to receive from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners as from the date upon which his resignation

of his bishopric becomes effectual, and for so long as he

shall live, an annual sum by way of pension of an amount

1920.

Episcopal

Pensions Measure, 1926.

No. 7.

determined in accordance with the next following section

of this Measure, and such annual sum shall be paid

by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners out of their Common

Fund in four equal quarterly payments on the First February, First May, First August and First November in each year, subject to apportionment in the case of resignation or

death occurring on any other day than one of the said quarterly days of payment.

3. The amount of the annual sum so payable by way

of pension shall be, in the case of the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York, fifteen hundred pounds; in the case of the Bishop of London, the Bishop

of Durham, or the Bishop of Winchester, on any resignation of the Bishopric of Winchester before the alienation

of any portion of the income of that bishopric to the endowment fund of the Bishopric of Portsmouth or the

Bishopric of Guildford, one thousand pounds; and in the case of the Bishop of Winchester on any resignation of that bishopric after the alienation of any portion of its income to the endowment fund of the Bishopric of Portsmouth or the Bishopric of Guildford, or of any bishop other than those hereinbefore mentioned, eight hundred pounds.

4. Every bishop shall pay to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, for the benefit of their Common Fund, an

annual sum of the amount of three pounds ten shillings in

respect of every one hundred pounds (and so in proportion

in respect of any less amount than one hundred pounds)

of a portion determined as follows of the income of his bishopric, that is to say, in the case of the archbishoprics

of Canterbury and York, and the bishoprics of London,

Durham and Winchester the portion shall be one-third of the income of the bishopric, and in the case of all other bishoprics the portion shall be one-half of the income of the bishopric, or if that income be less than three thousand pounds, then the portion shall be the amount by

which the income of the bishopric exceeds fifteen hundred pounds. The annual sum shall be payable in two equal half-yearly payments on the First January and First

July hi every year in respect of the year ending on the following thirty-first December.

In the case of any bishopric subject to a charge for a

pension to a retired bishop created under the Bishops ’

Pp 2

Amount of pensions.

Annual contributions from bishops.

lii

No. 7.

Episcopal 16 &*17 Geo. 5.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

Time for commencement of the

Measure.

Repeal.

Interpretation.

Resignation Act, 1869, before the coming into operation of this Measure, the annual sum payable in respect of that bishopric shall be reduced by three pounds ten shillings

in respect of every one hundred pounds of the charge, and

so in proportion in respect of any less amount, so long as

the charge continues.

5. The provisions of this Measure shall come into operation upon the later of the two dates hereinafter mentioned, (a) that is to say:

(1) the date of the publication in the " London

Gazette " of an instrument under the seal of the

Ecclesiastical Commissioners certifying that they are satisfied that the additional burdens imposed

or likely to be imposed upon their Common Fund under the provisions of this Measure may be

undertaken by the Commissioners without any probability of the completion of their scheme for the augmentation of benefices as set out in

Part III. of the Commissioners’ current Regulations relating to certain grants out of their

Common Fund being endangered, and without interfering with their ability to provide the full sum (if so much be required) of five hundred thousand pounds, the provision of which is

authorised by section forty-four of the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure, 1923, and to provide such capital and annual sums as they may

be willing to provide for the purpose of a

general Pensions Scheme for the clergy to be

established by Measure of the Church Assembly;

and

(2) the date appointed by the Archbishops under the

First Fruits and Tenths Measure, T926, for the first fruits and tenths and sums in lieu of first fruits and tenths payable by bishops to cease to

be payable.

6. The Acts specified in the Schedule to this Measure are hereby repealed to the .extent therein set forth, and except as they affect the diocese of Sodor and Man.

7. In this Measure:—

The expression "bishop " includes an archbishop.

(a) 20th January, 1927: see "London Gazette, " 25th January,

1927, p. 518.

1920. Episcopal No. 7, 8. liii

Pensions Measure, 1926.

The expression "bishopric " includes an archbishopric.

The expression "income " in relation to a bishopric does not include the annual value of any premises occupied by virtue of the office.

8. Tfiis Measure may be cited as the Episcopal Short title.

Pensions Measure, 1926.

THE SCHEDULE.

32 & 33 Vict., c. 111.—The Bishops’ Resignation Act, 1869,

section 2 (from " with the exceptions following " to " archbishop or bishop " at the end of the paragraph numbered (3)

in that section).

38 & 39 Vict., c. 34.—The Bishopric of St. Albans Act, 1876,

section 14.

No. 8.

A MEASURE passed by the National Assembly

• of the Church of England

To consolidate and amend the law relating to the due performance of the Ecclesiastical Duties

of Benefices, and to make provision for the

Stipends of Curates appointed under the

Measure and*in certain other cases.

[15th December 1926.]

* *, Part I.

Ecclesiastical Duties of Benefices.

1. In any case where the ecclesiastical duties of Provisions for

a benefice are inadequately performed either by reason. pvs»b rniance of of the negligence of the incumbent or without negligence duties of on his part, provision may 'be made under this Port of b, ' nulices -

this Measure for the due performance of such duties.

2. For the purposes of this Measure— Ecclesias-

(<z) the expression "ecclesiastical duties " shall tical duties include (but subject to the express provisions

of subsection (4) of section three of this liv

No. 8.

Benefices 16 & 17 CIeo. 5.

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

Power of the bishop

to appoint a

commission.

Measure) the observance of the several promises made by every clerk in Holy Orders upon his ordination as a deacon and as a

priest, and shall also include, when used with reference to a benefice,

(i) all duties which the incumbent is

bound by law to perform, <■

(ii) the duties imposed upon the incumbent by the Rules for the Representation

of the Laity, and

(iii) an obligation binding the incumbent

to manifest in his acts, conduct and course

of life, due respect for his sacred office, and

a due solicitude for the moral and spiritual welfare of his parishioners;

(b) the expression "negligence " when used with reference to an incumbent of a benefice includes wilful default in the performance of the ecclesiastical duties of his benefice;

but no incumbent shall be deemed to have been negligent in the observance or performance of any of his ordination promises or

the duties imposed upon him by the Rules for the Representation of the Laity unless such observance or performance has been required of him in writing by the bishop, who shall give him opportunity of replying, before issuing any commission under the provisions

of section three of this Measure.

3.—(1) The bishop of a diocese shall have power, in

any case where he has reason to think that the ecclesiastical duties of any benefice in his diocese are inadequately performed, to appoint a commission under this Measure to inquire into the facts of the case.

(2) Every commission under this Measure shall be

constituted in manner laid down by the First Schedule hereto.

(3) No commission shall be appointed under this

Measure unless the bishop appointing the same has given

to the incumbent affected one month’s notice of his intention to make the appointment.

(4) No commission shall be appointed under this

Measure to inquire into, and no commission under this

] 020. Benefices No. 8. lv

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 192G.

Measure shall inquire into, any question of doctrine or

ritual.

4. —(1) Every commission under this Measure shall Report of inquire into the facts of the case in respect of which the commission inquiry is ordered, and shall report thereon to the bishop to biBho P-

of the diocese in which the benefice concerned is situate.

(2) livery report of a commission under this Measure shall state whether the ecclesiastical duties of the benefice to which the inquiry relates are inadequately performed or not; and, if the question arises, whether the inadequate performance of the said duties is or is not due

to the negligence of the incumbent of the said benefice.

(3) A copy of every report shall be supplied simultaneously to the bishop and to the incumbent concerned.

(4) If the commissioners are divided in opinion upon any question upon which the commission is hereby required to report to the bishop, the opinion of the majority shall prevail, but in the case of an equality of votes upon any question, such question shall be deemed

to be determined in favour of the incumbent concerned.

5. —(1) The bishop of the diocese in which any Powers of benefice to which a report of a commission under this the bishop.

Measure relates is situate shall have the following powers

in respect of the benefice (that is to say):—

(i) if the report states that the ecclesiastical duties

of the benefice are inadequately performed but that this is not due to the negligence of the incumbent,

’ t

(a) power by writing under his hand stating

t(ie grounds of his requisition to require the incumbent, although . actually resident

or engaged in performing the duties of the benefice, to’ nominate to him a curate or

curates with a stipend or stipends at the rates laid down by this Measure, to be

licensed by him* to perform or to assist in

performing those duties; and

(b) power also, if th, e incumbent neglects or

omits to make such nomination for the space # of three months after such requisition

to appoint and license a curate or curates with a stipend or stipends at the rates laid lvi No. 8. Benefices 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

down by this Measure, to perform or to

assist in performing those duties;

(ii) if the report states that the ecclesiastical duties

of the benefice are inadequately performed and that this is due to the negligence of the incumbent,

(a) power to appoint and license 9 . curate or

curates with a stipend or stipends at the rates laid down by this Measure, to perform

or to assist in performing the said duties;

and

(b) power also to inhibit the incumbent from performing all or any of those duties.

(2) The powers of requiring the appointment of and

of appointing a curate or curates conferred on the bishop by this section—

(i) may be exercised from time to time in case of any vacation by a curate of Jus curacy;

(ii) shall not be exercised in such manner that more than three curates shall be licensed to perform

or assist in performing the duties of any benefice.

(3) The bishop shall cause a copy of every requisition made and inhibition issued by him under this section and

of the report of the commission on which the same are founded to be forthwith filed in the diocesan registry.

Appeals 6 . — (1) The incumbent of a benefice in respect of which the bishop has exercised any of the powers conferred on him by this Measure may appeal—

(i) if the report of thp commission under this Measure affecting him states that the inadequate performance of the ecclesiastical duties of his benefice

t *

was not due to his negligence, to the archbishop

of the province in which his benefice is situate who shall finally determine the matter by either approving or revoking the requisition to nominate

a curate or curates or confirming or annulling the appointment of a curate or curates as the case may require and as may seem just and proper

to the said archbishop; or

(ii) if the said report states that the inadequate performance of the said duties was due to his negligence, to the court constituted under this

Measure.

1926. Benefices No. 8. lvii

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

(2) On any appeal to the court constituted under this

Measure, the judge shall determine whether the incumbent appealing has 'or has not been negligent, and whether the ecclesiastical duties of his benefice are inadequately performed or not and the archbishop shall thereupon :—

(i) if the judge finds that the incumbent has not been negligent and that the ecclesiastical duties

of his benefice are adequately performed, annul the appointment of a curate or curates, and rescind the inhibition, if any;

(ii) if the judge finds that the incumbent has not been negligent but that the ecclesiastical duties

of his benefice are inadequately performed,

rescind the inhibition, if any, and decide whether by reason solely of such inadequate performance of ecclesiastical duties a curate or

curates should be or have been appointed;

(iii) if the judge finds that the incumbent has been negligent, decide whether by reason thereof a

curate or curates should be or have been appointed, and also, whether the incumbent should be or have been inhibited from performing

* all or any of the duties of his benefice.

(3) On any such appeal the Archbishop shall give judgment, and that judgment shall be final, and may,

where necessary, include the rescission of an inhibition

or the annulment of the appointment of a curate or

curates.

(4) Every appeal under this, Measure shall be brought within one month after the requisition to appoint a

curate, appointment of a curate by a bishop without previous requisition *, or inhibition, appealed against.

7. — (1) Subject to the provisions of this section, the* Constitution court constituted under thisf Measure (in this section of court,

referred to as " the court ") shall consist of the archbishop of the province in which the benefice to which the appeal relates is situate and of a judge of the

Supreme Court, who shall be nominated by the Lord

Chancellor from time to time for the purposes of this

Measure.

(2) The court shall be a court of record and shall be

held in public.

lviii No. 8. Benefices 1G & 17 Gf.o. 5.

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 192G.

(3) The legal rules of evidence shall be binding on

the court.

(4) The bishop within whose diocese the benefice to

which an appeal to the court relates is situate shall be

a party to the proceedings upon such appeal.

(5) Notwithstanding any other of the provisions of this Measure any appeal under this Measure, from any exercise of any power hereby conferred upon either of them the Archbishops of Canterbury and York as a

diocesan bishop shall be as the case may require either

to the other of them or to a court consisting of a judge

of the Supreme Court and the other of them.

Oaths and 8. A commission under this Measure and the court evidence. constituted hereunder shall respectively have the same powers of administering oaths and of requiring the attendance of witnesses and the production by them of documents and as to the payment and recovery of costs and expenses as are exercisable by the High Court

of Justice, and any order for the payment or recovery

of costs or expenses shall be enforceable as if it were

an order of the Supreme Court:

Provided that any proceedings against any person guilty of contempt of the Commission or of the.Court shall be taken before the High Court of Justice in

accordance with Rules of the Supreme Court, and in

such proceedings the High Court shall exercise, in

accordance with such Rules, the same jurisdiction as

would have been exercisable if the contempt had been

a contempt of the Supreme Court.

Power to 9.—(1) A rule committee constituted in manner laid make rules, down by the Second Schedule hereto may make rules for regulating the procedure on and incident to the hearing and determination of an appeal to the court constituted under this Part of this Measure, the fees payable in respect

’ thereof, and the appointment and duties of officers of the said court, and otherwise for carrying this Part of this

Measure into effect.

(2) All fees paid in respect of proceedings before the court constituted under this Measure shall be paid over

to the Common Fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners,

who shall, out of such Common Fund, defray all the expenses of and incidental to the sittings of the said court and the remuneration of its officers, and all expenses which are necessarily incurred in such proceedings:

1920.

Benefices

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

No. 8.

lix

Provided that no portion of any fund destined for the relief of necessitous incumbents shall be applied to the payment of the aforesaid expenses.

(3) Every rule purporting to be made in pursuance of this section shall forthwith be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and if an address is presented to His Majesty the King by either House within the next twenty days thereafter on which that House has sat praying that any such rule may be annulled, His Majesty in Council may annul the same, without prejudice to the validity of anything done in the meantime in pursuance thereof:

but subject as aforesaid, every such rule shall, while unrevoked, be of the same validity as if contained in

this Measure.

10.-(1) In any case in which an incumbent is

inhibited under this Measure from performing all or any

of the ecclesiastical duties of his benefice—

(i) he shall not interfere with or control any curate

in the performance of any of the said duties;

(ii) any right of patronage vested in him by virtue of his benefice shall while he is so inhibited vest in

the patron of his benefice, or, if he be himself the patron, in the archbishop of the province;

(iii) he shall not reside in or occupy any parsonage house belonging to the benefice;

Provided that—

(a) he shall not be liable to any penalty or

forfeiture for non-residence, and

(i b)the bishop issuing the inhibition may,

for special reasons, permit him to reside in, or

occupy, such parsonage house or some part thereof;

(iv) subject to- any direction to the contrary given

by the bishop issuing the inhibition, he shall not receive any part of the income of his benefice while he remains resident within the parish or

other area in which he had as incumbent the cure

of souls; and

(v) the bishop issuing the inhibition shall sequester the profits of the benefice, and such profits shall

be applied under such sequestration for the purposes for which the same shall for the time being be applicable under the provisions of this

Measure or otherwise.

Consequences of inhibition.

lx

Power to

determine appointments of curates and inhibitions.

Avoidance

of benefice where in-

hibition

is not rescinded.

Occupation

of parsonage house.

No. 8. Benefices 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

{Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

(2) In this section the expression "bishop issuing the inhibition " shall include an Archbishop exercising the powers conferred on him by this Measure.

(3) Subject to the provisions of this Measure, any part of the income of any benefice which the incumbent thereof is under this section disqualified from receiving by

reason of his so remaining resident as aforesaid shall be

paid to and for the purposes of Queen Anne’s Bounty.

11. The bishop of a diocese shall have power to

rescind any appointment of a curate or inhibition under this Measure affecting any benefice within his diocese or

the hicumbent of such benefice:

Provided that the bishop, in exercising the powers conferred by this section—

(i) shall be satisfied that the incumbent of the benefice concerned is able and willing adequately

to discharge the ecclesiastical duties of the said benefice and that the exercise of the said powers will not be prejudicial to the spiritual interests of the parishioners of the said benefice; and

(ii) shall not determine the appointment of any curate hereunder except upon six months’ notice.

12. In any case where an inhibition under this

Measure continues undetermined for a period of five years from the date of the issuing thereof, the benefice thereby affected shall at the expiration of that period become void as if the inhibited incumbent were then dead.

13. —(1) A bishop who has appointed a curate under this Measure to perform or to assist in performing the ecclesiastical duties of any benefice, and has also inhibited the incumbent of the benefice from performing those duties

or any of them, may require the curate to reside in the parsonage house belonging to the’ benefice, and if he shall require him so to do may assign to him such parsonage house, together with the offices, gardens and appurtenances thereto belonging or- any part or parts thereof,

without payment of any rent, and also any portion of glebe land adjacent to the said parsonage house not exceeding four acres at such rent as shall be fixed by the rural dean of the rural deanery in which the benefice^is

situated and one neighbouring incumbent and approved

of by the bishop.

1926. Benefices No. 8. Ixi

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926. .

(2) A curate residing in the parsonage house of a

benefice under the provisions of this section shall be

liable for the repair thereof and for assessments in respect thereof under the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure,

1923, or any Measure amending the same to such extent

as the bishop may decide to be reasonable.

(3) Tlje bishop shall have power in any case in which possession of any premises assigned to a curate under the provisions of this section is not given up to him and until such possession shall be given up to direct that the profits

of the benefice arising from the sequestration thereof under this Measure be applied subject to the provisions hereof, as if the same arose under a sequestration for non-residence.

(4) A right of residence and any other right vested

in a curate under the provisions of this section shall determine upon the determination of his curacy.

Part II.

Stipends of Curates.

14. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this section Stipends of every curate who is— curates.

(i) appointed under the provisions of this Measure,

(ii) the curate of a non-resident incumbent, or

(iii) appointed under the provisions of any statute or

measure for the time being in force empowering the bishop to appoint a curate

(a) during any period of sequestration under

a judgment recovered against or the bankruptcy of an incumbent, or

(b) during the vacancy of a benefice,

shall receive such stipend as may be assigned to him by

the bishop of the diocese in which such curate serves:

Provided that the Stipend of a curate to whom this section applies shall not exceed a sum equal to three-

quarters of the net annual value of the benefice to perform the duties of which the curatp is appointed except where the curate is—

(i) appointed under the provisions of this Measure to

perform the duties of a benefice which the incumbent of the benefice is inhibited hereunder from perforihing, or

(ii) appointed during the vacancy of a benefice;

lxii

No. 8,

Benefices 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

• (Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

Net annual value of benefices.

in either of which eases the stipend of the curate may

be a sum not exceeding the net annual value of the benefice.

(2) In any case where more than one curate to whom this section applies is appointed to perform the duties of a

single benefice, the stipends of the curates so appointed shall for the purposes of this section be treated as if the aggregate thereof were the stipend of a single curate.

(3) Notwithstanding any other of the provisions of tins section, the bishop may direct that the whole of the net income of a benefice shall be paid by way of stipend

to* a curate to whom this section applies for any period during which the incumbent of the benefice being inhibited under this Measure remains resident within the parish

or other area in which he had as incumbent the cure

of souls.

(4) Every stipend assigned to a curate under this

Measure upon the occasion of his appointment shall be

specified in the licence granted to him by the bishop.

15. — (1) For the purposes of this Measure the net annual value of a benefice shall be ascertained by

deducting from the gross amount of the annual-value thereof all taxes (other than income or property tax)

rates, dues and permanent charges and outgoings, and subject to the provisions of this section all assessments under the Ecclesiastical Dilapidations Measure, 1923,

but not any curate’s stipend or any such taxes or rates

in-respect of the parsonage house of the benefice or of the glebe land belonging, thereto as are usually paid by

tenants or occupiers or any moneys expended in the repair or improvement of or such parts of the said assessments as are attributable to the parsonage house and buildings and premises belonging thereto.

(2) The bishop shall have power in any case where the net annual value of any benefice within his diocese requires to be determined for any of the purposes of this

Measure to make, or cause to be made, such inquiries and call for such evidence as he may think fit, and otherwise to proceed upon the best information which

he may be able to procure, and the determination of the bishop of such net annual value founded on such evidence

or other information shall be final and conclusive for all the purposes of this Measure.

1926. Benefices No. 8. lxiii

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

Part III.

• General.

16 . Any requisition or other notice requiring to be Service of sent or given under this Measure shall be deemed to notices,

have been duly sent or given if sent through the post

in a prepaid registered letter addressed in the case of an incumbent to the parish or place whereof he is

incumbent.

17 . This Measure may be cited as the Benefices Short title.

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

18 . This Measure shall extend to the whole of the Extent.

Provinces of Canterbury and York except the Channel

Islands and the Isle of Man.

19 - The enactments set out in the Third Schedule Repeal,

to this Measure are hereby repealed to the extent mentioned in the third column of that Schedule.

SCHEDULES.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Constitution of Commissions.

1. One commissioner shall be either the archdeacon of the archdeaconry or^ the rural dean of the rural deanery within which the benefice to which the inquiry relates is situate.

2. One other commissioner shall be the dean or a canon,

prebendary or honorary canon of the cathedral church of the diocese wherein the said benefice is situate, elected in . manner provided by Part II. of this Schedule.

3. One other commissioner shall be the incumbent of a

benefice situate within the same archdeaconry as the benefice

to which the inquiry relates elected in manner provided by

Part II. of this Schedule.

4. Three other commissioners shall be laymen, being persons qualified for membership of the Diocesan Conference of the lxiv

No. 8. Benefices 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

diocese, nominated in manner provided by Part II. of this Schedule and being—

(i) as to one of such commissioners a magistrate in the commission of the peace for the county in which the said benefice is situate; and

(ii) as to each of the other two of such com mis sioners either such magistrate as aforesaid or *\ barrister-

at-law or solicitor of not less than ten years’ standing.

5. One other commissioner, being either an incumbent of a benefice in the same diocese as the benefice to which the inquiry relates or a magistrate in the commission of the peace for the county in which the said benefice is situate,

and being a person qualified for membership of the Diocesan

Conference of the diocese, may be nominated by the incumbent

of the said benefice:

Provided that, if the said incumbent shall not wit hi n fourteen days after the notice of the appointment of the commission provided for by this Measure nominate such additional commissioner in writing to the bishop, the other commissioners shall proceed alone.

6. No person holding the office of diocesan registrar or

secretary to a diocesan bishop shall be qualified to act as a

commissioner under this Measure.

7; In this Schedule the expression "County " mealis any area not being a city or borough which has a separate commission

of the peace, and every benefice shall be deemed to be within

a county as hereby defined notwithstanding that it is locally situate in a city or borough.

Part II.

r

Election and Appointment of Commissioners.

1. —(i) The holders in every cathedral of a, cathedral office

as hereby defined shall forthwith after the passing of this

Measure and at the expiration of every succeeding period of three years, elect one of their body to be a commissioner for the ensuing three years for the purposes of any commission under this Measure to be appointed by the bishop of the diocese

to which such cathedral church belongs.

(ii) For the purposes of this provision the expression

" cathedral office " shall include only deaneries, eanonries,

honorary eanonries, and prebends.

2. In every archdeaconry the incumbents holding benefices therein shall forthwith after the passing of this Measure and

at the expiration of every succeeding period of three years,

1926. . Benefices No. 8.

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

elect one of their body to be a commissioner for the ensuing three years for the purposes of any commission under this Measure relating to any ^benefice within such archdeaconry.

3. Elections of comifiissioners under the foregoing provisions

of this part of the Schedule shall take place at meetings of the electors convened by the dean or archdeacon as the case may be,

or in any case where circumstances so require in such manner as

the bishop t>f the diocese concerned may direct.

4. Elections of commissioners under the said provisions shall forthwith be certified to the bishop in writing under the seal of the dean and chapter or the hand of the archdeacon as

the case may be, or in any case where circumstances so require under the hand of such person as the bishop may appoint, and any such certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the due election of the person therein mentioned.

5. If any casual vacancy shall occur among the commissioners elected under the said provisions, such vacancy shall be filled in

the same manner as if it had occurred at the end of the then current triennial period, and the person elected to fill such casual vacancy shall continue in office until the end of the said triennial period.

6. The three commissioners who, under the provisions of this Schedule, are required to be laymen shall be nominated on

the requisition of the bishop proposing to appoint the commission

by the person who has presided as chairman at the last preceding quarter sessions for the county or division of the county in which the.benefice to which the commission relates is situate, or, failing him, by the lord-lieutenant of the said county.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

1. The Rule Committee shall consist of—

The Lord Chancellor;

The Lord Chief Justice of England;

The Dean of the Arches;

All Archbishops and Bishops who are members of the

Privy Council; •

The Judge nominated by the Lord Chancellor under this

Measure. •

2. Any three members of the Rule Committee, two of them being the Lord Chancellor and one of the aforesaid persons holding judicial office, may exercise all the powers of the Rule Committee.

Q q

lxv lxvi

No. 8.

Benefices 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

(Ecclesiastical Duties) Measure, 1926.

THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments Repealed.

Session and

Chapter.

1 & 2 Vict,

c. 106.

34 & 35 Vict,

c. 45.

48 & 49 Vict,

c. 54.

61 & 62 Vict,

e. 48.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Repeal.

o

Pluralities Act, 1838

Sequestration Act,

1871.

Pluralities Acts

Amendment Act,

1885.

Benefices Act, 1898

In section seventy-five the words

" with such salary as is by this

" Act allowed and directed."

Section seventy-seven (so far as

unrepealed).

In section eighty-three all words before the words "every licence."

Section eighty-five.

In section eighty-six all words before the words "where the population " and the passage beginning with the words "and

" in all and every of such cases "

and ending with the words consent to a larger stipend."

Section eighty-seven.

Section eighty-eight.

Section eighty-nine.

In section ninety-nine the passage beginning with the words "not exceeding " and ending with the words "more than one such curate."

In section one hundred the words

" not exceeding the respective

" stipends allowed by this Act."

In section one from " provided always " to the end of the section.

The second paragraph of section two.

Sections three, four, five, six, seven,

eight.

In section nine the passage beginning with the words " not exceeding " and ending with the

■words " income of such benefice."

Section ten.

.Section eight.

Section nine.

In section eleven the words "or

" of an appeal against an inhibi-

" tion or appointment of a

" curate."

Subsection (3) of section thirteen.

TABLE III

* Showing the Effect of the Legislation of 1928. *

FORMER ACTS

(IN CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER) REPEALED

OR AMENDED BY ENACTMENTS OF

16 & 17 GEO. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo.J).

20 Hen. 3.

(Stat.

Merton).

o. 9.

Special Bastardy -

Restricted ...

60.

26 Hen.'8:

c 3

First fruits and tenths.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 6, No. 5).

c. 17

First fruits and tenths.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 6, No. 6).

27 Hen. 8:

c. 8 . -

Payment of tenths

to Crown.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 6).

c. 42 (a) -

Exemption of universities and colleges from first fruits and tenths.

Virt. repealed as to first fruits and tenths by First

Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 5).

28 Hen. 8.

o. 11.

Vacancy of bone-

fice:time for paying first fruits,

&c.

Virt. repealed as to first fruits by First Fruits and

Tenths Measure, 1926 1

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

32 Hen. 8.

47 (a).

Payment of tenths

by Bishop of Norwich.

Virt. repealed by First

Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1 j)26 (16 & 17 Geo. 6,

No. 5).

* Enactments annually continued by the Expiring Laws Continuance Act,

1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 6. c. 49) are not included in this table.

(a) Not printed in Revised Statutes. '

Rr

lxviii

Effect of Legislation. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

33 Hen. 8. i

e. 39.

Crown debts -

S. 37 virt. repealed as to

first fruits and tenths by

First Fruits and Tenths

Measure, 1926 (16 & 17

Geo. 5, No. 5).

34 & 35 Hen.

8. c. 11(a).

Tenths payable by

certain bishops.

Virt. repealed by First

Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 5).

37 Hen. 8.

c. 4 (b).

Colleges, chantries,

&c.

Ss. 13, 16 virt. repealed as

to first fruits by First

Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 5).

I Edw. 6.

e. 14 (6).

Chantries collegiate

S. 23 virt. repealed (first fruits) by First Fruits and

Tenths Measure, 1926 (16

& 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

2 & 3 Edw. 6.

c. 20.

Payment of tenths

to Crown.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

3 & 4 Edw. 6.

o. 10.

Putting away of Rooks and Images.

Repealed ....

55.

7 Edw. 6.

c. 4.

Payment of tenths

to Crown.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

1 Eliz.:

c. 4 «i

First fruits and tenths.

Ss. 5-8, 10 and 13 repealed

by First Fruits and Tenths

Measure, 1926 (16 & 17

Geo. 5, No. 5).

c. 24 (a) ■

Religious Houses,

&c.

Repealed except ss. 3, 10,

12, 16, and with saving.

55.

13; EIiz. '

c. 17 (a).

Robert Earl of Leicester's Hospital at Warwick.

C

Charity Commissioners ’

Scheme approved.

XXV.

, i

2 & 3 Anne.

c. 20.

Queen Anne’s

Bounty.

Ss. 2, 3 and 7 repealed by

First Fruits and Tenths

Measure, 1926 r (16 & 17

Geo. 5, *Xo. 5).

6 Anne:

c. 24

Queen Anne’s

Bounty Act, 1706.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

c. 41

Succession to the

Crown Act, 1707.

S. , 25 (acceptance of office

of profit), as restricted by

9 & 10 Geo. 5, c. 2, further restricted.

19.

— ' -v—"' '

(a) Not printed in Revised Statutes.

(b) Printed in supplement to Revised Statutes (end of Vol. XVI).

A.D. 1£26

Effect of Legislation.

lxix

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

j Short Title.

How aSected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

ti Anne:

e. 54

Queen Anne’s

Bounty Act, 1707.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 5). 1

1 Geo. 1

Stat ^, 2:

c. 10

Queen Anne’s

Bounty Act, 1714.

Ss. 17, 18 repealed by First |

Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 5).

c. 50 (o).

Estates of Traitors and Popish Recusants or given to

Superstitious

Uses.

Repealed •

i

55.

3 Geo. 1.

c. 10.

Queen Anne's

Bounty Act, 1716.

Repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

4 Geo. 2.

c. 25.

Worcester Hop-

market.

In part virt. repealed xcvii, s. 57.

25 Geo. 2.

c. 36.

Disorderly Houses

Act, 1751.

S. 8 applied, s s. 2, 3 repealed

aa to home counties

(prosp.).

31, ss. I, 3 (13),

6. sch. 2.

13 Geo. 3:

e. 54

Game (Scotland)

Act, 1772.

Ss. 4-7 repealed

30, s. 4.

c. 82

Lying-in Hospitals

Act, 1773.

Ss. 1, 2, 4 repealed, provisions as to settlement saved (E.).

32, ss. 13, 14 (2).

31 Geo. 3.

c. 32.

Roman Catholic

Relief Act, 1791.

Ss. 11, 17 repealed -

55.

45 Geo. 3.

o. 84.

Queen Anne’s

Bounty Act, 1805.

S. 2 repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(1%& 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

4!) Geo. 3.

c. 42.

Public Records

t ^Scotland) Act,

Ss. 8 and in part 11 repealed (prosp.).

50, s. 4, sch. 2.

10 Geo. 4:

e. 7

Roman Catholic

Relief Act, 1829.

Ss. 26, 28-36 repealed (ex-

•cept in N.I.).

55, ss. 1, 2, sch.

e. 19

Registration of Sasines Act, 1829.

S. 2 repealed (prosp.)

50, s. 4, sch. 2.

2 & 3 Will.4:

c. 65

Parliamen t ary

Franchise (Scotland) Act, 1832.

S. 31 from " and shall pro-

" coe^i as hereinafter

" directed " virt. repealed

on abolition of 2-day poll

in Orkney and Zetland.

9, s. 10.

(r 1)Not printed in Revised Statutes.

Effect of Legislation.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

bcx

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

2&3 Will.4:

c. 115 -

i

Roman Catholic

Charities Act,

1832.

S. 4 repealed ...

55.

6 & 7 Will. 4:

o. 37

Bread Act, 1836 -

Ss. 3, 4, 6, 7 repealed

(July 1, 1927).

63, s. 15, sch. 3.

c. 86

Births and Deaths

Registration Act,

1836.

S. 5 extended ...

Act ext. to still-births,

s. 29 am. (July 1, 1927).

Act ext. to re-registration

of legitimated persons.

29, s. 11 (8).

48, bs. 7, 8,

13 (4).

60, s. 1 (4), sch.

1 & 2 Vict.:

e. 20

Queen Anne’s

Bounty Act, 1838.

Ss. 2-10 repealed by First

Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 5).

e. 74

Small Tenements

Recovery Act,

1838.

Applied -

52, s. 7 (5).

e. 106 -

Pluralities Act,

1838.

Ss. 77, 85, 87-9 repealed,

75, 83, 86, 99, 100 in part repealed by Benefices

(Eccles. Duties) Measure,

1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 8).

3 & 4 Vict,

c. 113.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1840.

S. 34 amended by Eccles. !

Commrs. Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 4,

ss. 1, 8).

4 & 5 Vict,

c. 39.

Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act,

1841.

S. 11 amended by Eccles.

Commrs. Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 4,

ss. 2, 8).

S. 4 repealed by First Fruits and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 6).

7 & 8 Vict,

c. 92.

Coroners Act, 1844

Ss. 2-4, 21 repealed, orders under s. 4 saved, ss. 5; 19,

20 (as amended) applied

(May 1, 1927).

59, .ss. 12 (4), 31,

34 (4), sch. 3.

8 & 9 Vict.:

c. 18

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845.

t '

S. 82 excluded -

52, s. 17 (1).

c. 83

Poor Law (Scotland) Act, 1845.

Ss. 34—45, 49, 51, 88-9

repealed (May 16, 1927).

47, ss. 3 (1),

4 (2), 30, 31

(2), sch. 3.

13 & 14 Vict,

e. 41.

Parish of Manchester Division

Act, 1850.

Amended by Parish of Manchester, &c. Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 3).

A.D. 1020.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxi

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 10 & 17 Geo. 5.

17 & 18 Vict.

Lands Valuation

Act applied, ss. 12, IS, 41

47, ss. 14, 30,

c. 01.

(Scotland) Act,

1854.

repealed in nart (Muv 16,

1927).

sell. 2.

20*21 Vict.:

c. 2(i

Registration of Leases (Scotland)

Act, 18.77.

S. 1 amended (prosp)

50, k. 4, soli. 2.

.•.71

Lunacy (Scotland)

S. 88 applied

15, s. 3 (3).

Act, 1857.

Ss. 54-5 amended (May 10,

1927).

47, ss. 8, 30,

31 (2), sch. 3.

21 & 22 Vict.:

<•. 03

Legitimacy Declara-

Applied as modified by

00, ss. 2, 12 (2)

tion Act, 18.78.

rules of court (K.)

(3).

c. ion -

Government of India Act, 1858.

S. 4 amended -

18, 8.3.

23 *24 Vict.:

o. 113 - j

Excise Act, 1800 -

Ss. 8-20 repealed

22, s. 47, sch. 5,

pt. II.

O. lit) -

County Coronets

Act, so far as unrepealed.

59, ss. 31, 34 (4),

Act, 1800.

repealed (May 1, 1027).

sch. 3.

c. 134 -

Roman Catholic

Charities Act,

1860.

S. 7 repealed

55.

24 & 25 Vict.

Poor Law (Scot-

Superseded (May 16, 1927)

47.

c. 37.

land) (No 2) Act,

1861.

so far as unrepealed.

2(1*27 Vict.:

e. (19

Officers of Royal

Naval Reserve

Act, 1863.

Ss. 2, 3 amendod

41.

e. 02

Railways Clauses

Part V. matters applied

28, ss. 2 (r).

Act, 1863.

(inclusion in mines amalgamation schemes).

3 (d).

27 & 28 Vict.

House of Commons

S. 1 amended -

18, s. 3.

c. 34.

(Vacation of Seats) Act, 1864.

28 & 20 Vict.

Clerical Subscrip-

S. 3 amendod by Clergy

e. 122.

t

tion Act, 1865.

Pensions Measure, 1026

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 6,

ss. 29, 36).

20*30 Vict,

o. 2.7.

Exchequer Bills and Bonds Act,

1866.

Ss. 3, 6 amended

22, s. 4.7.

30 & 31 Vict.

Representation of S. 52 and Schedule H.

19, s. 1 (2), sch.

c. 102.

tile People Act,

1867.

repealed.

31 *32 Vict.:

c. 37

Documentary Evidence Act, 1868.

Applied to f'nmrars. of Works.

36, s. 2(4).

e. 48

Representation of the People (Scotland) Act, 1868.

S. 51 and Schedule H.

repealed.

S s

19.

lxxii

Effect of Legislation. 10 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

Short Title,

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

31 & 32 Vict.:

c. 49

Representation of the People (Ireland) Act, 1868.

S. 11 and Schedule E,

repealed.

19.

c, 64

Land Registers

(Scotland) Act,

1868.

S. 27 repealed (prosp.)

r>0, s. 4, sell. 2.

4j

c. 100 -

Court of Session

Act, 1868.

S. 19 repealed ...

16, s. 7.

c. 101 -

Titles to Land

Consolidation

(Scotland) Act,

1868.

Ss, 186 repealed, 141

amended (prosp.).

50, s. 4, sell. 2.

32 & 33 Vict.

Bishops' Resigna-

S. 9 repealed by First Fruits

e. 111.

tion Act, 1869.

and Tenths Measure, 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 5).

S. 2 from " with the exceptions following " to end

of (3) repealed (prosp.) by

Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 7), except as to Sodor and Man diocese.

33 34 Vict.:

e. 18

Metropolitan Poor

Amdt. Act, 1870.

Temp. amdt. of s. 1 (3)

(by 11 & 12 Geo. 5. c. 67.

s. 1) continued.

10.

e. 71

National Debt Act,

1870.

S. 54 (see 11 & 12 Geo. 5.

c. 32. ss. 49 (1), 51) ext.

22, s. 46 (4). '

34 & 35 Vict.:

c. 44

Incumbents Resignation Act, 1871.

See Clergy Pensions Measure. 16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 6, ss. 6(5), 16 (1) (/),

19, 24, 36.

e. 45

Sequestration Act,

1871.

S. 1 from " Provided always " repealed by Benefices (Eocles. Duties) Measure, 1926(16* 17 Geo. 5,

No. 8).

c. 63

College Charter Act,

1871.

Applied ....

40, , s. 7 (2).

e. 105

Petroleum Act.

" Petrolevm spirit " sub-

25, ss. 1, 4-7,

35 & 30Viot.:

1871.

stituted for " petroleum

" to which this Act ap-

" plies, " ». 3 repealed, ss.

4, 6, 7, ft in pt. repealed and am., 11-2 ext. (except

as to N.I.).

11, sell. 4.

c. 8

Deans and Canons

Resignation Act,

1872.

Repealed (Jan. I, 1927)

(with savings) by Clergy

Pensions Measure, t 1926

(16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 6,

as. 28, 36, 39, sch. l, pMI.

and sell.. 4).

A.D. 1926.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxiii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

35 & 36 Vict.:

c. 15

Parks Regulation

Act, 1872.

Act extended, s. 2, sch. 2

repealed, ss. 8, 10 am.

(Dec. 15, 1926); ss. 4, 9,

sch. 1 repealed (Dec. 15,

1927).

36.

c. 33

Ballot Act, 1872 -

Sched. I, Rule 61, the words

" and to the keeping open

" of the poll for two con-

" secutive days in the case

" of Orkney and Shet-

" land " virt. repealed.

9, s. 10.

e! 62

Education (Scotland) Act, 1872.

S. 46 am. (May 16, 1927) -

47, ss. 6, 30, 31

(2), sch. 3.

c. 77

Metalliferous Mines

Act, 1872.

Ss. 14, 19 applied

28, s. 23 (5).

c. 91

Borough Funds Act,

1872.

Act ext., s. 10 excluded -

38, s. 3.

36 & 37 Vict,

o. 81.

Langbaurgh Coroners Act, 1873.

S. 3, para. 3 repealed

59, ss. 31, 34 (4),

sch. 3.

37 & 38 Vict.:

c. 20

Rating Exemptions

(Scotland) Act,

1874.

S. 1 in part virt. repealed

(May 16, 1927).

47, ss. 11, 31 (2).

c. 88

Births and Deaths

S. 17 and 8. 18 from " and

48, ss. 6, 8, 13,

Registration Act,

1874.

shall " to " coroner " repealed, ss. 20, 31, am.

(July 1, 1927).

sch. 2.

c. 94

Conveyancing

(Scotland) Act,

1874.

S. 25 repealed in part

(prosp.).

50, s. 4, sch. 2.

38 & 39 Vict.:

c. 17

Explosives Act,

1875.

Ss. 37, 55, 63, 65-6 applied

as modified.

25, 8. 9, sch. 3.

c. 21

c. 34

Public Entertainments Act, 1875.

pishopric of St.

Albans Act, 1875.

Repealed (prosp.) as to

home counties.

S. 14 repealed (prosp.) by

Episcopal Pensions Measure, 1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 7).

31, ss. 1, 6, sell.

2.

c. 45

Sinking Fund Act,

1875.

Ss? 4 and 5 extended -

22, s. 44.

c. 55

Public Health Act,

1875.

Temp, suspension of s. 234

3) by 11 & 12 Geo. 6. c. 67.

s. 6(2) continued.

Ss. 182-6 applied (maternity homes Jiy claws).

Ss. 91-2, 96, 102, 334 am.,

182-6 applied, 157 extended (July 1, 1927).

10.

32, s. 8.

43, ss. 1 (1),

2 (3), 3, 5 7,

12 (1) (4).

c. 63

Sale of Food and

Drugs Act, 1875.

S. 25 incorporated -

63, ss. 12 (4), 15.

Tt

lxxiv Effect of Legislation. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 6.

38 & 39 Vict.:

o. 83

Local Loans Act,

1875.

Slade applicable by regs. -

51, s. 28 (3).

39 & 40 Vict,

c. 36.

Customs Consolidation Act, 1876.

Extended -

53, s. 13 (6).

40 & 41 Vict.:

c. 2

Treasury Bills Act,

1877.

S. 8 (1) amended

S. 6 excluded -

22, s. 45.

23, s. 2 (2) and

33, s. 2 (2).

c. 53

Prisons (Scotland)

Act, 1877.

Rule-making power extended.

S. 62 am. (Slay 16, 1927) -

Ss. 30 am., 40 excluded

15, s. 9 (3) (5).

47, ss. 8, 31 (2).

57, ss. 1, 2.

e. 57

Supreme Court of Judicature (Ireland), 1877.

Ss. 18-9 am. (Northern

Ireland).

44, s. 1.

41 & 42 Vict,

e. 49.

Weights and Measures Act, 1878.

S. 48 extended -

63, s. 10 (1).

42 & 43 Vict,

e. 47.

Petroleum Act,

1879.

S. 2 repealed, sch. 1 substituted, s. 3 am. (except

as to N.I.).

25, bs. 2, 3, 11,

schs. 1, 4.

43 & 44 Vict.:

c. 20

Inland Revenue

Act, 1880.

S. 16 amended -

22, s. 9.

o. 41

Burial Laws

Amendment Act,

1880.

S. 11 repealed (July 1,

1927).

48, s. 13, sch. 2.

44 & 45 Vict.:

c. 2

Burial and Registration Acts

(Doubts Removal)

Act, 1881.

Repealed (July 1, 1927) -

48, s. 13, sch. 2.

c. 58

(as amended)

Army Act

Ss. 18 (4), 44 proviso (1a),

49 (2), 52 (2), 82, 100 (2),

108a, 161, 181 (4) am.;

44 ((/a), 48 (10), 56 (4a),

(4tj), (4c) and (6) added;

52 (1), 58-68, 130 (2),

131-5 substituted.

6, ss.4-10, 12-14,

sch. 2.

c. 67

Petroleum (Hawkers) Act, 1881.

Repealed except as to N.I.

25, s. 11, sch. 4.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 9

Documentary Evidence Act, 1882.

Applied (as amending 31

& 32 Vict. c. 37) to

Commrs. of Works.

36, s. 2 (4).

e. 50

Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

S. 171 (3) (4), sell.4, para. 3,

sch. 5, part II., para. 4 in

pt. repealed (May 1, 1927).

59, ss. 31. 34(4),

sch. 3.

A.D. 1926.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

45 & 46 Vict.:

c. 56

Electric Lighting

Act, 1882.

Applied, ss. (3 (5) am., 8, 26

extended, 13 excluded.

51, ss. 16 (2),

20 (1), 24 (2),

46 (3), 50, 52

(1), sch. 6.

c. 77 . ■

Citation Amendment (Scotland)

Act, 1882.

S. 3 {" enrolled law agent ")

amended.

16, s. 4.

48 & 49 Vict.:

e. 16

Registration Amdt.

(Scotland) Act,

1885.

S. 11 am. (May 16, 1927) -

47, ss. 30, 31 (2),

sch, 3.

c. 54

Pluralities Acts

Amendment Act,

1885.

Ss. 2 second para., 3-8, 10

and in part 9, repealed by

Benefices (Eeeles. Duties)

Measure, 1926 (16 & 17

Geo. 5, No. 8).

c. 55

Eccles. Commrs.

Act, 1840, Amdt.

Act, 1885.

Amended by Eccles. Commrs. Measure (16 & 17

Geo. 5, No. 4), ss. 1, 8

(prosp.).

c. 61

Secretary for Scotland Act, 1885.

S. 2 to " pounds a year, "

and ss. 3, 4 repealed.

S. 3 in part repealed -

18, s. 4 (2), sch.

19.

50 & 51 Vict.:

c. 23

Incumbents Resignation Act, 1887.

See Clergy Pensions Measure, 16 & 17 Geo. 5, No. 6,

ss. 6 (5), 16 (1) (/), 19, 24,

36.

e. 27 J

Markets and Fairs

(Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1887.

S. 9 (1) am., new schedule substituted (E.S.).

21, ss. 2, 3, 4 (1)

(3), sch.

c. 28

•Merchandise Marks

Act, 1887.

Excluded -

Extended, s. 2 (3) substituted for purposes of guoh extension.

45, ss. 10, 30 (2)

(prospective).

53, ss. 2 (5),

5 (1), 10 (1),

13 (1) (2).

c. 35

Criminal Procedure

(Scotland) Act,

1887.

S. 72 am. -

15, s. 17 (2).

c. 71

Coroners Act, 1887

Ss. 4 (5), 12, 18 <«), 22, 24,

39 (2) repealed, 3 (1) (3),

4 (1) f3), 5 (1), 7 (IH3),

8 (2), 18 (1) (3), 19 (2),

21 (2) (3), 25-6, 27 (1)

(2), 28 amended, 3 oxcl.,

6 explained, 25, 28 extended (May 1, 1927).

59, ss. 1 (4),

5(4), 13, 15(1),

19, 22 (3), 28-

31, 34 (2) (4),

sch.s. 2, 3.

lxxvi

Effect of Legislation. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

51 & 52 Vict 52 Vict.:

c. 2.

National Debt

(Conversion) Act,

1888.

S, 29 (repealed by 8 Edw. 7.

c. 49) revived and applied,

ss. 14-32 (whether repealed or not) made applicable by rules. i

22, s. 46 (5).

c. 4

Army (Annual)

Act, 1888.

S. 4 (s. 63 of Army Act)

virt. repealed.

6, s. 10, sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 12

Electric Lighting

Act, 1888.

Ss. 2, 3 excluded

51, ss. 20 (1),

39 (1) (d), 40.

62(1).

c. 25

t

Railway and Canal

Traffic Act, 1888.

Ext. ----

28, s. 24 (1).

c. 41

Local Government

Act, 1888.

S. 69 (borrowing powers)

ext.

S. 54 (1) (d) and in part (3) \

repealed, s. 64 restricted.

S. 69 extended - j

24, s. 3 (2) (a).

38, ss. 1 (1), 2.

56, s. 5 (4).

c. 43

County Courts Act,

1888.

Ss. 138-45 applied - - i

52, s. 7 (5).

62 & 53 Vict.:

c. 3

Army (Annual)

Act, 1889.

S. 4 (s. 135 of Army Act)

virt. repealed.

6, s. 10, sch. 2,

pt. II.

c. 21

Weights and Measures Act, 1889.

Ss. 8, 35 extended -

S. 32 repealed (July 1,

1927).

8, ss. 1, 3 (1),

5 (2).

63, s. 15, sch. 3.

c. 30

Board of Agriculture Act, 1889.

S. 8 (1) from " and shall be

deemed " repealed.

19.

c. 49

Arbitration Act,

1889.

Excluded by Clergy Pensions Measure, 1926 (16 j

& 17 Geo. 5, No. 6, s. 23

(6) ).

i.

1

c. 50

Loral Government

(Scotland) Act,

1889.

S. 76 applied

Ss. 27 (4), 60 (5) repealed,

62 (4) substituted, 60 (3)

(4), 66, 120 applied, 27

(2), 62 (5), 66, 71, 73 (2)

am. (May 16, 1927.)

45, s. 28 (1) (c).

47, ss. 9, 10, 13

r (5) (7), 14 (4),

23, 25 (l)-(3)

(6), 27 (9), 30,

31 (2), schs. 2,

3.

53 & 54 Vict,

c. 59.

Public Health

Acts Amendment

Act, 1890.

Made applicable by rega. -

51, s. 28 (3).

54 & 55 Vict.:

c. 38

Stamp Duties Management Act,

1891.

Applied (betting duty revenue tickets).

22, ss. 16 (3),

47 (1).

c. 70

Markets and Fairs

(Weighing of Cattle) Act, 1891.

S. 4 extended (E.S.) -

21, ss. 2, 4 (1)

(3).

A.D. 1926.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxvii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

04 & 55 Vict 55 Vict.:

e. 76

Public Health

(London) Act,

1891.

Ss. 4 (4), 5 (9), 6 (3), 23-4

am., 114 applied.

43. ss. 1 (2), 2, 3,

12 (4).

55 & 56 Vict.:

c. 51

Education and

Local Taxation

Account (Scotland) Act, 1892.

S. 2 (4) am. (May 16, 1927)

47, ss. 25 (4),

31 (2).

c. 55

Burgh Police

(Scotland) Act,

1892.

Ss. 267, 373 am., 233 saved,

346-7 repealed (May 16,

1927).

S. 427 repealed (July 1,

1927).

47, ss. 11-2, 30,

31 (2), sch. 3.

63, s. 15, sch. 3.

e. 56

Coroners Act, 1892

Applied and ext., s. 1 (6)

repealed, s. 1 (1) (3) (4)

am. (May 1, 1927).

59, ss. 9, 10, 11

(1) (4), 31, 34,

(4), sch. 3.

56 & 57Viot.:

e. 66

Rules Publication

Act, 1893.

S. 1 excluded -

S. 1 excluded .

28, s. 18 (5).

59, s. 12 (0).

c. 69

Savings Bank Act,

1893.

S. 5 (2) and sch. 1 (" Government stock ") ext.

22, s. 46 (4).

o. 73

Local Government

Act, 1891.

S. 57 applied -

43, s. 6.

57 & 58 Vict,

c. 58.

Local Government

(Scotland) Act,

1894.

Ss. 27 (1), 37, 38 (1), and

(save as applied by Local

Act) 51 (3) am., 44 (7)

repealed (May 16, 1927).

47, ss. 25 (5), 30,

31 (2), sch. 3.

59 & 60 Vict,

c. 37.

Agricultural Ratos

Congested Districts and Burgh

Tax Relief (Scotland) Act, 1896.

Ss. 2 (4) applied, s. 1 repealed, s. 5 virt. repealed

(May 16, 1927).

47, ss. 13 (4) (8),

30, 31 (2), sch.

3.

60 & 61 Vict,

c. 39.

Yorkshire Coroners

Act, 1897.

t

Applied -

1

59, ss. 33, 34 (4).

61 & 62 Vict.:

o. 48

Benefices Act, 1898

Ss. 8, 9, 13 (3) and in part

11 repealed by Benefices

(Eecles. Duties) Measure,

•1926 (16 & 17 Geo. 5,

No. 8).

c. 60

Inebriates Act, 1898

S. 25 (a) virt. repealed

18.

62 & 63 Vict.:

c. 19.

Electric Lighting

(Clauses) Act,

1899.

Schedule applied, ss. 7,

14, 2<2 amended.

51, sg. 20 (1),

42 (2), 43, sch.

6.

o. 33

Board of Education Act, 1899.

S. 8 (1) from " in Schedule

H." (where first occurring)

to " (Ireland) Act, 1868,

and " repealed.

19.

I

lxxviii Effect of Legislation. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

(4 tap tor.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

Ihm affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 (Jeo. 5.

G2 & 63 Vict 63 Vict.:

v. 48

Lincolnshire Coroners Act, 1899.

Applied ....

59, ss. 33, 34 (4).

c. 51

Sale of Food and

Drugs Act, 1899.

Ss. 20 incorporated, 26 applied (prosp.).

63, ss. 12 (4),

13(1), 15.

1 Edw. 7:

e. 22

Factory and Workshop Act, 1901.

Ss. 73, 80-1, 84-6, 119-21,

135-48 applied (lead paint).

37, ss. 1 (2), 3,

5(1), 8.

c. 24

Burgh Sewerage,

Drainage and

Water Supply

(Scotland) Act,

1901.

S. 2 am. -

47, ss. 30, 31 (2),

sch. 3.

2 Edw. 7:

' c. 8

Cremation Act,

1902.

S. 7 extended (E.)

48, ss. 10, 13 (4).

c. 17

Midwives Act, 1902

Ss. 1(1) am., 3, 8 ext., new subs. 1 (2) substituted.

32, ss. 1, 3(1), 4.

3 Edw. 7.

c. 14.

Borough Funds Act,

1903.

Act extended, s. 1, sch. 1

excluded.

38, s. 3.

4 Edw. 7.

o. 28.

Weights and Measures Act, 1904.

Ss. 5, 9 extended

S. 11 repealed (July 1, 1927)

8, ss. 2, 3 (2),

5 (2).

63, s. 15, sch. 3.

6 Edw. 7:

c. 2.

Army (Annual)

Act, 1906.

S. 9 and, so far as relating

to s. 52 of the Army Act,

s. 4 (4) virt. repealed.

6, ss. 6 (1), 10,

sch. 2.

c. 14

Alkali, &c., Works

Regulation Act,

1900.

Ss. 7(1), 27, sch. I, extension by order (E.).

43, ss. 4, 12 (2)

(4)-

c. 27

Fertilisers and

Feeding Stuffs

Act, 1900.

Prospectively repealed

(E.S N.I.).

45, s. 30 (2) (3).

7 Edw. 7:

c. 2

Army (Annual)

Act, 1907.

Ss. 6 and 10 (5) (s. 133 of Army Act), sch. 3 pts.

I and II, so far as relating

to ss. 64-8, 131 and 133 of the Army Act, and pt.III,

virt. repealed.

h, s. 10, sch. 2.

w

o. 17

Probation of Offenders Act, 1907.

S. 1 (3), as substituted by

15 & If Geo. 5. c. 86.

s. 7 (2), substituted afresh

(E.).

13, s. 1 (!)•

c. 23

Criminal Appeal

Act, 1907.

R. 5 extended -

58, s. 1 (1) (2).

c. 27

Advertisements Re -

gulation Act,

1907.

S. 6 (1) virt. repealed

18, s. 1 (!)•

A.D. 1926.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxix

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

7 Edw. 7:

c. 51

Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

S. 49 repealed, Rule 126 in

Sched. I excluded.

16, ss. 2 (2) (g),

7.

8 Edw. 7:

c. 30

Small Holdings and.

Allotments Act,

1908.

Act applied to cottage holdings, ss. 1-21, 39 (8)

proviso, 46 (2), 55-6, 58 (2)

repealed, 38, 44, 46, 49 (2),

50, 57 (1), 59, 61, sch. 1

pt. I (3) am., sch. 2 pt. II

(18) and (19) added, ss.

39 (8), 52 ext.; new Part I

substituted.

52, ss. 12, 14 (4),

15-8, 21-2, 23

(2), soils. 1, 2.

c. 48

Post Office Act,

1908.

S. 56 (2), Secy, for Scotland now a Secy, of State.

S. 65 applied to betting duty revenue tickets.

18.

22, ss. 16 (3),

47(1).

c. 57

Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1908.

S. 3 (1) am., (2) omitted

(till July 8, 1931).

17.

c. 59

Prevention of Crime

Act, 1908.

S. 17 (5) repealed with saving.

15, s. 12 (4);

and sec s. 1 (c).

c. 67

Children Act, 1908

S. 132 (1) as to substitution

of Secy, for Scotland for

Secy, of State virt. repealed.

Glasgow Acts cited in s. 132

(24) repealed.

18, s. 1.

xxxvii.

e. 69

Companies (Consolidation) Act,

1908.

Ss. 230 (3), 232, 234, and

237 from " and to what "

repealed.

9, ss. 13-5, 19,

sch. 4.

9 Edw. 7:

c. 3

Army (Annual)

Act, 1909.

Sch. 2 pt. II, so far as relating to ss. 59, 64 and 67

of Army Act, virt. repealed.

6, s. 10, sch. 2,

pt. I.

c. 30

Cinematograph Act,

1909.

S. 8 (1) virt. repealed

18, s. 1.

10 Edw. 7 &

1 Geo. 5.

c. 8.

Finance (1909-10)

Act, 1910.

Applied (coal royalties)

28, s. 14 (2)-(4),

sch.

1 & 2 Geo. 5:

c. 50

Coal Mines Act,

1911.

Ss. 16, 20-1, 86 (2)—(5), 117,

sch. 2, pt. I applied, ss. 9,

10 variable by Bd. of • Trade order.

28, ss. 21 (3) (4),

22, 23 (5).

c. 53

House Letting and

Rating (Scotland)

Act, 1911.

Saved, s. 7 (3) substituted

(May. 16, 1927).

47, ss. 16-7, 26.

2 & 3 Geo. 5.

c. 3.

Shops Ac$ 1912 -

i

S. 20, Secy, for Scotland now a Secy of State.

18.

lxxx

Effect of Legislation.

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

3 & 4 Geo. 5:

c. 4

Prisoners (Temporary Discharge for

Ill - health) Act,

1913.

i

S. 3, Secy, for Scotland now a Secy, of State.

18.

o. 17

Fabrics (Misdescription) Act,

1913.

S. 7 (1) virt. repealed

18.

c. 19

Local Government

(Adjustments)

Act, 1913.

Seh. pt. II (2) am. -

38, s. 5.

c. 38

Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act, 1913.

S. 65 (2) am. (May 16, 1927)

47, ss. 30, 31 (2),

sch. 3.

4 & 5 Geo. 5:

c. 46

Milk and Dairies

(Scotland) Act,

1914.

S. 27 excluded ...

63, s. 13 (4) (6).

o. 47

Deeds of Arrangement Act, 1914.

Part V of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

e. 9 applied to fixing and disposal of fees.

9, s. 16.

c. 59

Bankruptcy Act,

1914.

Ss. 161 from " Provided that " and 163 repealed,

26 (2), 154, 161, 164 and sch. 2 (5) am., ss. 26 (3)

(h), 39 and (from June 16,

1928) 158 (1) (3) substituted, 33 explained and

156 (6) extended.

Ss. 90 (5), 91, 133 (1) from

" and to what, " and 135

repealed and in part replaced.

7.

9, ss. 13-6, 19

(2), sch. 4.

6 & 6 Geo. 5:

c. 89 - |

Finance (No 2) Act,

1915.

S. 11 ((1) cont., 13 (4) (as

applied by 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 36. s. 3) am., 45 (5),

and sch. 4, pt. Ill, para. 2

applied. •

S. 45 (5) applied

22, ss. 2, 3, 38

(3), 39, 40.

< «

28, -s. 19 (3).

c. 90

Indictments Act,

1915.

Excluded"- ...

59, s. 25 (3).

c 94

Evidence (Amendment) Act, 1915.

S. 5 so farms relates to the

Secretary for Scotland superseded.

18.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:

c. 65

Ministry of Pensions Act, 1916.

t

S. 7 (1) from " in Schedule

H." (where first occurring)

to " (Ireland) Act, '1868;

and " repealed.

19.

I

A.D. 1926. Effect of Legislation. lxxxi

Statute and

Chapter,

Subject or

[Short Title.]

j

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

6 & 7 Geo. 5:j

c. 68

New Ministries and

Secretaries Act,

1916.

S. 12 (2) repealed

19.

7 & 8 Ge<s, 5:

c. 19

Coroners (Emergency Provisions)

Act, 1917.

Repealed (May 1, 1927, continued till then by Expir.

Laws Cont. Act).

59, ss. 31, 34 (4),

sch. 3.

o. 51

Air Force(Constitu-

tion) Act, 1917.

S. 11 amended

18, s. 3.

c. 56

Coal Mines Control

Agreement (Confirmation) Act,

1918.

Time limit to assessments and claims.

28, s. 19.

2. 64

Representation of the People Act,

1918.

Ss. 6, 7 (2) and (with saving for autumn register of 1926) 11 am., 43 (4a)

added, 43 (14) and (18)

repealed.

Schedule 6, para. 7, powers

of Secy, for Scotland to

be powers of a Secy, of State.

9, ss. 9-11, sch.

3.

18.

Air Force Act

Ss. 18 (4), 44 proviso (1a),

62 (2), 161, 179a (2) am.;

44 (gg). 56 (4a) (4b) (4c)

(6), 190 (9) added; 52(1),

58-68, 130 (2), 131-5 substituted.

6, ss. 4—11, 15-6,

sch. 2.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 6

Army (Annual)

Act, 1918.

i

Ss. 6 and 7 (ss. 52 (1) and

133 (1) of Army Act) virt.

repealed.

6, s 10, sch. 2.

c 15

Finance Act, 1918 -

S. 12 repealed ...

22, s. 47, sch. 5,

pt. II.

c. 17

Land Drainage Act,

1918.

Powers of Ministry under

Part II transferred to

• county and county borough councils, Part II

ext., s. 17 repealed.

24, ss. 1, 2 (2)

(13), 6.

c. 23

1

Juries Act, 1918 -

Repealed (May 1, 1927;

continued till then by

Expir. Laws Cont. Act)

so far as in force (s. 7).

59, ss. 31, 34 (4),

sch. 3.

I

lxxxii Effect of Legislation. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

8 & 9 Geo. 5:

c. 40

Income Tax Act,

1918.

Ss. 1, 19, sch. 1, Sch. A VIII

rr. 1, 2, Sch. C rr. 1, 6,

Sch. D Case VI r. 2, am.;

forms in sch. 6 alterable

by O. in C.; Sch. D Cases

I and II r. 11 substit..

Case III r. 2 (1) applied.

Case TV rr. 1, 2 restricted;

property transferred from

Sch. A to Sch. D; Act

modified for purposes of Irish Free State agreement.

22, ss. 22, 23 (2),

24, 26, 28-9,

30 (ii), 32, 36-

7, 47, schs. 2,

pt. II, 3-5.

i

c. 41 *

Iale of Man (Customs) Act, 1918.

S. 2 continued (tobacco) -

27, s. 1.

e. 43

Midwives Act, 1918

Ss. 6 (2), 14 (2) am., 8 (2)

applied, 14 (4) excluded.

32, ss. 2, 4.

c. 48

9<SrlOGeo.5:

c. 2

Education (Scotland) Act, 1918.

Re - election of Ministers Act,

1919.

S. 13 (2) (3) (5), sch. 4, para.

5 proviso and para. 6 repealed, s. 13 ext. (May 16,

1927).

Ss. 1 (1) in part, 1 (2), and 2

in part repealed.

47, 83. 5, 30, 31

(2), sch. 3.

19.

o. 11

Army (Annual)

Act, 1919.

S. 9 (s. 131 of Army Act)

virt. repealed.

6, s. 10, sch. 2,

pt. II,

c. 20

Scottish Board of Health Act, 1919.

S. 3 (1) to " this Act, " and from " There shall be

paid, " repealed.

18, s. 4 (2), sch.

c. 29

Weights and Measures (Leather

Measurement)

Act, 1919.

Repealed (except as to

N.I.) with savings.

4

8, ss. 4, 5 (2).

c. 32

Finance Act, 1919-

S. 8 applied ...

27, ss. 13 (3),

, H (2).

c. 46

Police Act, 1919 -

S. 13 (1), Secy ."for Scotland now a Secy, of State.

18.

e. 57

Acquisition of Land

(Assessment of Compensation)

Act, 1919.

Excluded ....

52, s. 17 (3).

c. 59

Land Settlement

(Facilities) Act,

1919.

Act applied to cottage holdings, ss. 1, 10, 11 (2) (6)-

(7), 18, 20, 26 repealed, 7,

11 (1) (3), 12-3, 16(2) (3)

am., 11 (3) restricted.

52, ss. 12, 19 (1),

20-2, schs. 1,

2.

e. 74

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1919.

Schedule 2 am. {tobacco) -

i

27, s. 1 (2).

i

A.D. 192G. Effect of Legislation. lxxxiii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

9 & lOGeo.5:

c. 91

Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries

Act, 1919.

8. 8 (1) virt. repealed by

1 transfer of powers of 1 Ministry.

24, s. 1.

c. 100 .

t

Electricity (Supply)

Act, 19i9.

Applied generally, ss. 1 (7),

13 (2), 21, 32 (3) amended,

6, 7, 15 (2), 16 (asadapted),

21-2, 26, 36 applied, 24

excluded, 8 (2), 22 saved,

5 substituted, 15 (1) (cc)

added.

51, ss. 9 («), 15,

20 (1), 21, 23

(2), 27 (4), 31

(2), 33, 36-8,

44, 46 (2), 49,

50, 51 (1), 52

(1), schs. 4, 6.

10 & 11

Geo. 5:

c. 4

Coal Mines (Emergency) Act, 1920.

Time limit to assessments and claims.

28, s. 19.

c. 18

Finance Act, 1920

Ss. 24 am., 24 (2) virt. repealed, 68 and (for purposes of Irish Free State agreement) 27 applied,

59 excluded.

22, ss. 20, 23, 44,

46 (1), sch. 2,

pt. I [2].

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1920.

Temp, exclusion of s. 17 (1)

(a), by 15 & 16 Geo. 5.

c. 69. s. 5 (1), extended.

12, ss. 1 (0 ), 2 (2).

c. 41

Census Act, 1920 -

Powers of Secy, for Scotland under 8. 9 (1) to be powers

of Secy, of State.

18, 8. 1.

c. 43

Firearms Act, 1920

S. 17 (1) virt. repealed as to

Secy, for Scotland.

18.

c. 50

Mining Industry

Act, 1920.

Ss. 20 (5) repealed, 20 (3)

am.

28, ss. 15, 17 (3).

c. 54 - |

Seeds Act, 1920

Excluded ... -

63, s. 13 (1).

c. 07

Government of Ireland Act, 1920.

S. 47 am. ....

44, s. 3.

c. 72

Roads Act, 1920 -

S. 2 am. •

22, s. 42.

11 & 12.

Geo. 5:

c. 6

1

Coal Mines (Decontrol) Act, 1921.

Assessments and claims limited.

28, s. 19.

c. 30

Coroners Act, 1921

Repealed (May 1, 1925) as

to coroners paid out of county or borough rates.

59, ss. 31, 34 (4),

sch. 3.

c. 31

Police Pensions

Act, 1921.

>S. 34 (1) (o), powers of Secy,

for Scotland to be powers

of a Secy, of State.

Ss. 1J amended, 20 extended.

18.

34.

c. 32

Finance Act, 1921

Ss. 26 repealed (April 26,

1927), 39 restricted. 49-51

(" Govt. stock ") extended.

22, ss. 37, 38 (I),

46 (4), sch. 5,

pt. I.

lxxxiv

Effect of Legislation.

t

16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

11 & 12

Geo. 5.:

c. 34

Representation of the People Act,

1921.

S. 1 amended -

9, ss. 9, 11, sch.

3.

e. 40

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1921.

S. 3, sch., continued with modification.

27, s. 3< sch. 1.

c. 47

Safeguarding of Industries Act, 1921.

Part I cont. to Aug. 19,

1936, sch. ext., s. 1 (1) (5)

am., power to exempt from s. I.

22, ss. 10, 12.

c. 51

Education Act,

1921.

S. 118 (2) am. ...

9, s. 12.

c. 65

Trade Facilities

Act, 1921.

S. 1 (1) proviso and (2) extended.

3, 8. 1.

c. 67

Local Authorities

(Financial Provisions) Act, 1921.

Continued (ss. 1, 3 (3), 6

modified).

10.

12 & 13

Geo. 5:

c. 7

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1922.

S. 2 so far as unrepealed (see

15 & 16 Geo. 6. c. 69. s. 5

(3), sch. 1), and sch. 1,

pt. II, repealed.

9, s. 19, sch. 4.

c. 12

Representation of the People Act,

1922.

Schedule, Parts I and II

amended.

9, ss. 9, 11, sch.

3.

c. 16

Law of Property

Act, 1922.

S. 43 (8), sch. 13, pt. II (13)

am.

11, ss. 7, 8 (2),

sch.

c. 29

Sale of Tea Act,

1922.

Repealed (July 1, 1926) •

63, s. 15, sch. 3.

c. 35

Celluloid and Cinematograph Film

Act, 1922.

S. 10 (1) as to Secretary for

Scotland virt. repealed.

I8, n- 1.

e. 38 •

Nat. Health Insurance Act, 1922.

Proviso to s. 1 (3 ()saved -

9, s. 1 (2).

c. 46

Electricity Supply

Act, 1922.

Ss. 19 virt. repealed. 21 (1)

am., 24 proviso added, 7

excluded* 11 saved.

51, ss. 9 (3), 21

(2), 36, 50, sch.

6.

c. 52

Allotments (S.) Act,

1922.

S. 16 amended -

r

5.

e. 59

Local Government,

and other Officers ’

Superanuation

Act, 1922.

Applied -

Applied on adoption

47, s. 27.

51, s. 33.

4

A.D. 1.926. Effect of Legislation. lxxxv

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

13 & 14

Geo. 5:

c. 4

Fees (Increase) Act,

1923.

S. 6 extended -

S. 3 repealed and replaced

8, ss. 3 (1) (3),

5(2).

9, ss. 18, 19 (2),

sch. 4.

0 . 6

Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1923.

Continued temporarily

10.

c. 8

Industrial Assurance Act, 1923.

S. 11 substituted

35.

c. 9

Agricultural Holdings Act, 1923.

S. 12 (7) (d) extended

Ss. 16, 57 (]) (rules of good husbandry) applied.

11, ss. 2, 8 (2).

52, ss. 6 (1) (c),

7 (2) (6).

c. 14

Finance Act, 1923

Ss. 24 and (as to 1926-7)

32 am.

22, ss. 27, 41.

e. 20

Mines (Working

Facilities and

Support) Act,

1923.

Part I ext., ss. 5 and 6 (as

to " coal ") am., s. 10

applied as ext.

28, ss. 9, 13, 24

(1).

c. 39

Agricultural Rates

Act, 1923.

Ss. 8, 12 repealed, 10 am.

(May 16, 1927).

47, ss. 13, 30, 31

(2), sch. 3.

14. & 15

Geo. 5:

c. 8

Trade Facilities

Act, 1924.

S. 3 (1) superseded -

3, s. 2.

c. 10

Nat. Health Insurance (Cost of Medical Benefit)

Act, 1924.

S’. 1 (2) (a) (6) amended

(Act expired Dec. 31,

1926; s. 3 not continued

by Expir. Laws Cont.

Act).

9, s. 6, sch. 1.

c. 21

Finance Act, 1924

S. 1 (as cont. by 15 & 16

Geo. 5. c. 36. s. 1) cont.,

ss. 3 (2) and (April 6, 1927)i

26 repealed.

22, ss. 1, 37, 47,

sch. 5.

c. 24

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, >924.

S. 4 continued - .

27, s. 4.

c. 27

Conveyancing

(Scotland) Act,

1924.

Schedule F. amended

(prosp.).

50, s. 4, sch. 2.

c. 29

Local Authorities

(Emergency Provisions) Act, 1924.

Continued temp.

10.

c. 30

Unemployment Insurance* (No. 2)

Act, 1924.

Ss. 1, 3 (2) extended .

12, ss. 1 (a) (6),

2(2).

lxxxvi

Effect of Legislation. 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

14 & 15

Geo. 5:

c. 38

Nat. Health Insurance Act, 1924.

Ss. 4, 12 (0), 59 (1) (e), 67

(1), 68, 76 (5), and prosp.

(Jan. 1, 1927) 5 (2), 24 (2)

(ii), 57 (1), 58 (3), 59 (1)

(a), 62 (3), 83 am., 69 (2)

(a) and (Jan. 1, 1927)

83 (2) repealed, 77 (2)

applied.

9, ss. 1-7, 19,

schs. 1, 4.

15 & 10

Geo. 5:

o. 13

Trade Facilities

Act, 1925.

Superseded

3, s. 1.

c. 14

Housing Act, 1925

S. 80 (2) (ii) and (3) (L.C.C.

and metrop. borough councils) am.

Part IV (ss. 81-97) extended xeviii, s. 38.

56, s. 5 (4).

c. 15

Housing (Scotland)

Act, 1925.

Extended -

56, s. 8 (g).

c. 18

Settled Land Act,

1925.

as. 3, 13, 31, 39 (4) (i),

78, 105, seh. 2 para. 1 (0)

am., ss. 1 (7) added, 117

(1) (xxx) extended.

S. 73 extended -

11, ss. 3, 6, 7,

8 (2), sch.

56, s. 3 (3).

c. 19

Trustee Act, 1925 -

Ss. 14 (2) (a), 25 (4), 26 (1),

27 (1) am., 68 (18) ext.

11, ss. 3, 7, 8

(2), sch.

c. 20

Law of Property

Act, 1925.

Ss. 2 (2), 7, 28 (1), 35, 36

(2), 89 (6), 94 (2), 96 (2),

125 (2), 140 (2), sch. 1,

pts. II and IV am., ss. 20

(3), 27 (2) substituted,

205 (xxviii) ext.

11, ss. 2, 3, 7,

8 (2), sch.

1

c. 21

Land Registration

Act, 1925.

S. 30 (3) added -

Applied

11, ss. 5, 8 (2).

52, s. 11.

c. 22

Land Charges Act,

1925.

Ss. 10, 15 (1) (0) (a) am.,

10 (6), 15 (7) substituted,

15 (1) (6) (6) virt. repealed.

S. 15 (as amended) applied

11, ss. 4, 7, 8

<(2), seh.

56, ii. 3 (4).

c. 23

1

Administration of Estates Act, 1925.

S. 55 (1) (xxvi) eit. -

l

11, s. 3.

c. 24

Universities and

College Estates

Act, 1925.

S. 3 (4) (i) am. -

t

11, ss. 7, 8 (2),

sch.

c. 30

Finance Act, 1925

Ss. .1, 14 cent., 3 (2), 18

amended, 6 restricted

((lower to exempt), 19 (2)

(3) applied, 21 (for purposes of Free State Agreement) excluded.

22, ss. 1, 3, 12,

19 (1), 20-1,

23, 47, sch. 2,

pt. II [3|, sch.

5, pt. 11.

A.D. 1926.

Effect of Legislation.

lxxxvii

Statute and

Chapter.

Subject or

[Short Title.]

How affected.

Chapter of 16 & 17 Geo. 5.

15 & 16

Geo. 5 •

c. 44

Statutory Gas Companies (Electricity

Supply Powers)

Act, 1925.

Amended -

51, s. 49.

c. 49

Supreme Court of Judicature Consolidation Act,

1925.

S. 175(1) ext. -

Sch. 5 pt. I virt. repealed

by direction under para. 2;

see S.R. & 0., 1926, No. 1.

11, s. 3.

c. 50

Isle of Man (Customs) Act, 1925.

Ss. 2, 5-9 continued, 6 (3)

restricted, 10 applied, sch.,

pt. I (silk) am.

27, kr. 2, 5-10,

13 (5), 14 (4).

c. 69

Unemployment Insurance Act, 1925.

S. 4 (1) (6) and in part (c),

and sch. 2 repealed and

in part replaced.

Ss. 2, 5 (1) extended -

9, ss. 8, 19 (2),

schs. 2, 4.

12, ss. 1 (6) (c),

2(2).

o. 70

Widows ', Orphans ’

and Old Age Contributory Pensions

Act, 1925.

Sch. 1, pt. I, paras. 3 and

(retrosp.) 4 and 5 repealed.

9, s. 19, sch. 4.

c. 79

Safeguarding of Industries (Customs Duties) Act,

1925.

Applied to wrapping paper

22, s. 11 (3).

c. 80

Mining Industry

(Welfare Fund)

Act, 1925.

S. 1 (6) am. ...

28, s. 15.

c. 86

Criminal Justice

Act, 1925.

S. 7 (I) (4) (5) (6) am., frosh substitution made for that

in s. 7 (2) (in respect of 7 E. 7. c. 17. s. 1 (3) ).

Ss. 11, 13 4 applicable under rules.

13, s. 1.

59, s. 25 (2).

c. 91

Mines (Working

Facilities and

• Support) Act,

1925. •

S. I (2) (3) applied -

28, s. 24 (3).

16 & 17

Geo. 5:

c. 4 ■

Unemployment Insurance (Northern

Ireland Agreement) Act, 1926.

Btought into force by declaration under s. 2 (2);

see S.R. & O., 1926, No.

364.

c. 15

Criminal Appeal

(Scotland) Act,

1926.

S. 3 extended -

58, s. 1.

t •»

TABLE IV

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES.

(16 & 17 GEORGE 5.—A.D. 1926.)

[Index removed.]

